======= Instance Index 0 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are scarce or plentiful ):

Many of the worlds people live with water scarcity, and that percentage will increase as populations increase and climate changes.


John's town used to have lots of water, back when there were only a few hundred people. However, now that the town holds several thousand people, the water availability is scarce or plentiful?

Target Text: scarce

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 34.6543
Retrieved Text: We’d taken the free ferry to Ocracoke for a short tour. (Ocracoke is a small island: about 12 miles of pavement from the ferry to a town that’s only a couple hundred yards long.) It was nearly sunset when we arrived back on Hatteras Island. Some pictures of the Hatteras lighthouse at sunset would be nice we thought.
A short distance up the road leading to the lighthouse, I looked left at a pond of water — and there they were — turtles. Lots of turtles.
I turned into a convenient located pullout adjacent to the creatures and we watched for a few seconds. The turtles pulled back from the shore. The pullout was nearly three feet higher than the water, and where land and liquid met was a sort of cliff — except for a rather well worn slope cut into the bank. Clearly, something, or someone, had used that point for access to, or escape from, the water.
Thinking they wanted to get out of the water for some reason (it was a bit late in the year for egg-laying, but maybe there was a movie playing at the turtle cinema), I pulled the Jeep away from the worn slope and we got out to see what we could see.
I crawled up to where I could see them. A few made individual and repeated forays onto the slope without actually climbing out of the water.
After about 10 minutes waiting for them to do something, I stood up. As soon as the turtles saw me, they began to

########
Rank: 1
Score: 33.91673
Retrieved Text: The origin of the fire, which broke out on the sunny and windy day of June 9, 1846, has generally been attributed to the carelessness of a cabinet maker who lived on George Street in the congested heart of the town. George Street at this time was in reality but a small lane running east and west between Waldegrave and Queen Streets. At 8:30 a.m. a pot of glue, which the cabinet maker was heating on a stove, boiled over and caught fire. The frame shop and tenements above were quickly engulfed and the flames then spread to the adjoining tenements. The fire alarm was immediately sounded, but it took a full 20 minutes before the fire engines arrived. When the firemen did get to the scene, they were unable to act for want of water.
The plan for the rebuilding of St. John's, which the legislature adopted during its emergency session following the fire, was the product of considerable debate and compromise. In effect it rejected an official plan done on its behalf by the Surveyor General which called for the straightening of Water Street and the widening of that thoroughfare from 60 to 70 feet. (10) This plan would have entailed great cost to the colony, since landlords would undoubtedly have demanded a high price for any land taken, especially on the south side of Water Street. It would also have forced many merchants to move their premises back towards the harbour waters. (11) By contrast, the plan (12) adopted by the House minimized the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 33.390026
Retrieved Text: Surreal even, as all of us first set our eyes upon this.
You see, if someone had shown us the photo above 45 minutes before that and told us that this stretch of beach paradise can be found in Singapore, I would have laughed my head (and rear) off.
Well, it turns out that it is really in Singapore. Although technically, the beach is not on the main island but part of the Southern Islands.
Say hello to Lazarus Island, a little-known island tucked quietly between St John's and Kusu islands. Also known as Pulau Sakijang Pelepah, which means 'Island of One Barking Deer and Palms', there are no direct ferries to the island. But the good news is that it is linked to St. John’s Island by a paved bridge, so that was where we headed during one of the weekends.
The Southern Islands are managed by Sentosa Corporation, and they can only be reached via Singapore Island Cruise which is the one and only company in Singapore that provides daily ferry transport services to Kusu Island as well as St John’s Island.
The journey from Marina South Pier to St John's island took about 30 minutes and once we set foot on the island, we were all ready to begin our little adventure!
But first, we were waylaid the history of St John's Island which fascinated the boys pretty much. The island has served as a quarantine station for infectious diseases such as cholera and leprosy in the late 19th century, as well as housing Prisoners of War (POWs) during

########
Rank: 3
Score: 32.755043
Retrieved Text: It looked like I wasn’t going to get to go paddling this trip. I had thought about just buying a kayak and leaving it up here for future trips, but couldn’t find anything reasonable. I thought about booking another tour, but by that time most had filled up with holiday travelers.
Fortunately, the neighbor Duff came to my rescue. He had several homemade Fiberglas boats that we had used before, but they weren’t easy to reach. They were at the bottom of the cliff on the south side of the island. We managed to haul them up the cliff, but by that time it was late in the evening, and we were a bit tired from the haul to go paddling.
After discussing options we decided to take the boats up the Valley and run a section of the Skagit River. This was something I’ve been wanting to do for a long time, so I was psyched. We loaded the boats onto our rental, since it had roof racks.
The next morning Duff and I headed out in two vehicles. We had barely gotten off the island when one of the boats came loose and slid off of my car. Fortunately there was no damage to car or boat, and we were able to get it loaded back on an limp home. However, we needed to regroup.
Even with the boats re-tied, I didn’t want to risk a 60 mile trek. We decided to take the boats down to Duff’s cabin on the north side of the island and paddle

########
Rank: 4
Score: 32.59664
Retrieved Text: seen and its many photographers - there are about four - are taking some time off, so we want to wish you and yours Happy Holidays and we'll see you in the New Year.
Lots of creativity around St. John's.
Now we've shown this house before, but the next time we walked by the decorations had completely changed.
No kidding. seen walked out this morning to discover large chunks of paint on the ground that the wind had stripped off the house. Maggie Gillis who was out hosting the Morning Show's Gift of Song, had the wind rip her scripts out of her hands, ending up with a soggy mass.
Many CBC colleagues were out this morning, collecting turkeys in front of the Parkway station for the Community Food Sharing Association.
Here are some shots from later in the morning.
Continue reading CBC Turkey Drive.
The damp weather cleared up on Saturday long enough enough for the second annual Mummers Parade, part of the Mummers festival.
Old and young (and seen) dressed up in long johns and masks and bras and marched along the streets of Rabbit Town, heading for the Rooms. The Room allowed the Mummers in for cake and syrup and general foolishness.
Last night indie paper The Scope threw what's become one of the most anticipated parties of the holiday season.
The Scope decided to make it doubly special by, not only celebrating the winners of the Best of St. John's readers' survey, but also the Atlantis Music Prize, which is "a juried award for Newfoundland and Labrador album of the year, judged

########
Rank: 5
Score: 32.398537
Retrieved Text: Kingston's Mom: Memorial Day Weekend '09!
Just real quick before we get this party started, please feast your eyes upon my sweet little boy who I wrote the last post about.
See what I mean? I think my mom is right. It's the Terrible 2's at 17 months. Luckily, or not, depending on how you want to look at it, he is pretty well behaved in public or at other people's houses. I guess he just saves the nastiness for me. Lucky, huh?
So Memorial Day weekend. Here it is! So far so good. Tomorrow we plan to spend some time with Nana and Grandpa on their boat in Manteo. Should be a good time.
Yesterday we spent most of the day at the beach with the Breiholz families. It was a gorgeous day and we stayed out there for about 4 hours. Kingston may, or may not, get his physic from his mama. Look at that belly! I wear a tankini to cover mine, thankyouverymuch.
This kid is obsessed with the ocean. I cannot keep him out of it. Nigel surfed for a bit and when he came in, Kingston walked right out to meet him in the water. Nigel sat him on his board and let him float over some waves. Made me a little nervous, I will admit, but I know Nigel had a good hold on him! Kingston was loving it! His eyes were so excited and the grin on his face was priceless. Of course I didn't have the camera handy at that minute, since I

########
Rank: 6
Score: 32.36747
Retrieved Text: Vienna Lee reckons there hasn't been a new home built in Rolla in at least a decade.
"It may have been 15 years ago," she says of the town of 400, which is in the semiarid plains of Morton County in the far southwestern corner of Kansas.
Rolla is about a 45-minute drive from the closest "big" city of Guymon, Okla., which has a population of more than 10,000 people. And it's in these parts that the blowing dirt of the 1930s caused some in the heart of the Dust Bowl to move away.
On Black Sunday in 1935, a man climbed to the top of the Rolla water tower and took a picture of the billowing cloud of dust that was heading toward town. He then sent it to the president of the United States, according to the Franklin D. Roosevelt Library and Museum.
"Dear Mr. Roosevelt, Darkness came when it hit us. Picture taken from the water tower one hundred feet high. Yours Truly, Chas P. Williams."
That, however, was more than 75 years ago.
There are few dark days in Rolla, except when an occasional storm cloud rolls in. Moreover, folks here are investing in growth, says Lee, the county's economic development director.
Morton County resident David Light donated 10 lots inside the Rolla city limits a few years back to give away free to anyone who would build a home there. Then he went to the bank and asked officials to set aside $1 million in financing.
Meanwhile, the county commission extended its tax increment financing to include new homes,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 32.25352
Retrieved Text: Montana is one of my favorite states. The mountains are beautiful. Glacier and Yellowstone are right there. There are forests and rivers and hot springs. It really is “Big Sky Country.” Every time I visit, the first thing I notice is how big the sky seems. Maybe it’s just good marketing, or maybe it has something to do with the mountains. I don’t know, but it couldn’t be more accurate. We have family there. It’s what brought me to the state in the past, and it’s what brought us there on this trip. One of our goals for this trip, aside from visiting national parks and other cool places, was to spend more time with family and friends that we don’t otherwise get to see much.
When we were first planning our route, we knew we were starting in the north east, and we basically had two options from there: south or west. We have friends scattered down the east coast, so that was a big draw to go that direction. We both have spent a lot of our lives on the east coast, though, and it just wasn’t as exciting as heading west, so that was that. Once that decision was made, I knew right away that our westward movement was going to target Montana. We planned that first – we wanted at least a few weeks with family, and we wanted to head south before it got too cold, so we aimed to be there for the month of September. With that set, we worked

########
Rank: 8
Score: 32.220726
Retrieved Text: John (1811 - 1860), had four sisters and a brother. He studied astronomy and botany in addition to theological topics and studied theology in Prague.
When the time came for John's ordination, his bishop was sick; the ordination was never re-scheduled as Bohemia had an over-abundance of priests. John decided to go to America to ask for ordination, and to work with emigres. He walked most of the way to France, then took ship for America.
John arrived in America and moved to a town with a log church. There he built himself a small log cabin, rarely lit a fire, slept little, often lived on bread and water, and walked miles to visit farm after remote farm. John's parishioners were from many lands and tongues, but John knew twelve languages, and worked with them all. He became a Bishop and built fifty churches and began building a cathedral. He opened almost one hundred schools.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 32.20088
Retrieved Text: This is the path up the gorge. It's a bit 'hairy', and not what you'd call safe. there are many rock falls across it, plus parts of the path have collapsed and in some places you have about a foot wide path, and a hundred foot drop! However, if you're not afraid of heights, it's a great place. There are tunnels, very high mountains and waterfalls all encompassed in it. I also found bats in the roof of the tunnels. They were tucked up inside drill holes in the roof. You can only go so far, as the bridge that used to be there has been washed away. It's about 20 feet, maybe 30, above the river, so you can tell how much of a wall of water came down that day when it was hit. I am told that 'log jams' build up, and when they collapse, the wall of water that comes down is what does all the damage. Some people who were camping in Nyer were killed by the deluge, so now camping is not allowed there anymore.
A view from Canigou on the way up. Not into the snow/ice line yet, but it was getting much cooler at this stage.
Looking up at the summit - an exciting moment for me. You can see the dusting of snow and ice up there. By this time, it was VERY cold, with a very low wind chill factor to boot. This (the French) side of the mountain was clear, with stunning views, but the Spanish side

########
Rank: 10
Score: 32.0943
Retrieved Text: Crap! What did I get myself into?
Yesterday after I got done writing sometime around mid-day (maybe a bit later) I watered up and started towards Wilcox. Yeah, very cautiously, I was still a little spooked by the vibes I was getting yesterday just before I stopped walking for the day. Beans was kind of freaked out too, or she was picking up on my mood. I almost turned around. But I don’t have a lot of choice here…no real options on getting around Wilcox. The town is on the left and a bunch of subdivision looking areas on the right. Going through town I am stuck in between the two. I gotta get through town but I am not liking this one single bit, no sir.
The service road that runs along the tracks was on the northwest / west side of the tracks, lots of brush along both sides of the tracks. Actually there are two sets of tracks, the main line and another set of tracks that is kind of rusty. Must be for parking the repair trains. Off about a hundred yards to my left (northwest) was a huge agriculture field. It is barren right now, no idea what was planted in it before. I wonder if they will ever plant it again with the pumps needing electricity and all.
As I approached town it was no big deal walking, no one around really, easy walking. Less than an hour into it I start hear a low murmur, not a quiet one, but one that

########
Rank: 11
Score: 32.063866
Retrieved Text: Higgins Lake is a good-size inland lake just north of Houghton Lake, in Roscommon County, Michigan. We launched from the South Higgins Lake State Park, which is located off M-18. The entry fee for the park for a day pass was $4. The weather was in the mid-70's, partly sunny; the water was dreamlike; we started off paddling about 50 yards offshore in aquamarine water only about 3 or 4 feet deep. There were the requisite personal watercraft, a few sailboats, and some powerboats and pontoons, which seemed to be willing to share the waters with us.
We had fun paddling through some playful swells when the wind kicked up. As I said before, the water was Caribbean-like in its stunning shades of aqua, turquoise and sapphire where it got deep. My little Perception "Sparky" and my husband's Loon 100 performed wonderfully in the boat wakes, choppy swells, and calmer navy-blue waters. It was like being on a big blue playground. I am told that the lake gets extremely deep and there is an underwater river that ends up in Saginaw Bay; however we experienced no difficulty or challenging circumstances, staying a few hundred yards offshore--the entire experience was just fun. We are beginner paddlers and this was an enjoyable way to get some practice on open water. There are picnic tables, grills and primitive rest rooms back at the park. There is little in the way of accommodations or restaurants in Higgins Lake; to locate these types of services you would have to travel to nearby

########
Rank: 12
Score: 32.040318
Retrieved Text: "Mommy do you know who can bless holy water? Lots of people."
"Really? I don't think lots of people, Honey. Priests can bless holy water."
"Yeah! Priests. Deacons can too..."
"I think you mean Cardinals, Sweetie."
"Yeah, Cardinals. Do we have a Cardinal here, Mommy?"
"No, Honey. The closest one is in New York City."
"Oh." *furrowed brow* "How come?"
"Well, it's a special position, Sweetie, and there aren't that many. I think only a couple hundred in the whole world."
He's in a very inquisitive stage right now.
"Maybe we can look it up on Google."
What? How does he know about Google? I'm not sure if this is disturbing or not.
Does the Gyrobowl gyro well when put to the test?
Why are a few teeth such a problem?!?!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 31.972982
Retrieved Text: Did you know – The Channel Tunnel is an impressive piece of engineering. Approximately 13,000 engineers, workers and technicians worked on the project. There are 3 tunnels, 1 smaller service tunnel and 2 running tunnels. The tunnels are approximately 50 meters under the seabed. The tunnels are 51km in length, of which 37.5km is under the sea. The running tunnels have an inner diameter of 7.6 meter and the service tunnel 4.8m inner diameter. 6 Tunnel boring machines were used on the English side and 5 were used on the French side. The tunnel was open by Queen Elizabeth II and President Mitterrand in May 1994.
We didn’t have a lot of time to get our things into order once we arrived back in England after our 6 week ‘break’ in South Africa. It was nice to see everyone and sad leaving everyone behind again, especially since we had a new niece in our family. Mandy’s sister and her husband, Pam and Chris, had their first baby while we were visiting in Cape Town. A little girl and a little bundle of joy, even with all the sleepless nights to come.
We managed to get all our things together in about 10 days before we hit the road again. We spent our first couple of nights back in London camping at a nice campsite on a farm, just on the outskirts of London. Lidia and Ian very kindly offered their flat to us while they were on holiday with their kids – thanks guys, it was great to

########
Rank: 14
Score: 31.768055
Retrieved Text: The train stopped traffic again today, more than once. If only they could stop traffic every hour on the hour from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. tomorrow (Saturday) I would be thankful. You see…Peyton Sanchez is opening his lemonade stand in the courtyard at the Green Spot and he is hoping to raise lots of money to help build an animal shelter for the Valley Humane League. What a hero he is and certainly an inspiration to us all.
Speaking of Peyton, he is having a few issues with mobility. And so…when I saw Sharie Harmon, previous owner of the Sand Dunes Pool, I asked what could be done to get him in the pool OFTEN, so that he remains active, with no stress. People in the Valley are so wonderful! Sharie, without hesitation, offered a family pass for the next three months—yahoo! This is so awesome. Without a doubt I know that the folks at Splashland will do the same—because they are good people, too! We are certainly lucky in the Valley to have TWO wonderful places to go swimming. Get your kids into swimming lessons at either pool, but get them started—save their life.
Sometimes I feel like a witch. Let me clarify that—when I am making a batch of compost tea. I have a 15-gallon Vortex Brewer that I keep running 24/7. The batches lately have been made up of Xtreme Gardening Teabags, a little bit of Kelp, and some Wholly Mackerel. I add a little bit of Insect Frass and a cup or so

########
Rank: 15
Score: 31.553074
Retrieved Text: We were ready to leave Vietnam, so after Javi got back to Ho Chi Minh, we picked our bikes and hurried towards the border with Cambodia. Lao was waiting for us, so the plan was to do the almost 500 km in as few days as possible. But when we didn’t expect it things started happening and made the way both more fun and unbearable.
The first pleasant surprise was that in the last two days Vietnamese people treated us so nicely that we actually started liking them again. We got invited to lunch and slept in a vegan restaurant in a small town. It really is a pity that it happened at the end (and only at the end), because we could might have got a much better impression of the country.
We were warned that to enter Cambodia, being one of the most corrupt countries in the world, at the border officers would try to get some extra money from us. We were ready and we knew we were not going to give them a single cent more.
The border control was almost empty, but the first thing they said is that if we wanted some water. We were skeptical but accepted. Then we had to wait a bit for the visa forms, and they kept offering us drinks and bananas. Lots of friendly questions about our trip, and at the end not even a single hint that they wanted a “tip”. Our faith in humanity was getting restored. We were really happy to finally meet friendly

########
Rank: 16
Score: 31.337002
Retrieved Text: There are quite a lot of strategies to consolidate debts. It's thus important try and payback bills to demonstrate that you're serious about qualifying for in St John's Newfoundland a refinance loan for credit card debt settlement in St John's . If you wish to lessen credit card debts.
To prevent the pitfalls of debt relief loans, you must educate yourself extensively. When dealing with spiraling charge cards, credit consolidation can at times be the ideal recommendation in St John's. It is often the first thing that St John's people consider when they experience debt issues. Get your facts straight and you may get that credit consolidating is precisely the thing to treat your financial issues.
The attorney or card relief loans company will have the ability to start relief loans settlement procedures immediately, should you have the cash out there. There are two ways that debt relief loans can be achieved. It is a negotiating strategy in St John's where you pay your St John's creditors a fraction of the outstanding credit cards to satisfy the account. It is a popular option amongst consumer who could not able to make their payments on time in St John's.
If you consolidate your financial troubles, it's far better to close your previous speedy personal loan accounts and focus just on paying back your credit card consolidation loans. Seek the help you have to receive your card relief loans. Accordingly, in such circumstances, when financial troubles have crossed their limits and it's becoming difficult in St John's that you pay back

########
Rank: 17
Score: 31.232883
Retrieved Text: There are Lots of Things To Do in Herceg Novi.
If you find yourself travelling to Montenegro, you should certainly check out Herceg Novi! Lots of travellers ask themselves “Is Herceg Novi worth visiting?” – and we think the answer is yes! We stopped through on the way up to Split and had a great time exploring the seaside town.
From the Herceg Novi old town to the restaurants in Herceg, we’d recommend a short stay so that you can get a better picture of what the north of Montenegro is all about. Here’s our guide on things to do, a review of where we stayed in Herceg Novi, and a few places we ate at.
If you want to see what Herceg Novi looks like, check out the video YouTube Channel here for our wander through the old town, along the waterfront promenade, and more. You can also just watch the video snippet below. Warning: This video may give you wanderlust and make you crave sunshine and the ocean. You have been warned!
Herceg Novi is located on the northern coast of Montenegro on the Adriatic Sea. It’s approximately 1 hour 15 minutes from Dubrovnik. However, you’ll cross the Croatia/Montenegro border so do factor that in depending on in which season you’re travelling in. The line-ups of cars and buses can be LONG.
Once you’re in Montenegro, Herceg Novi is right beside the other seaside town of Igalo, and about an hour by bus from Kotor. From the capital, Podgorica, the bus ride was about 2 hours 30 and we

########
Rank: 18
Score: 31.168955
Retrieved Text: As I prepared this message, I was thankful for being given the opportunity to look back with gratitude on all that St. John's has meant in my life these past thirty-plus years. I joined St. John's in the early 80s, and since I was just out of college, it feels like I have grown up here as I navigated adulthood.
Looking back, not only did I grow up and mature in my life and faith these past few decades as St. John's nurtured me, we, collectively as a church, have grown in many ways too. I don't have time to count them all, but here are a few that resonate with me.
When I walked into this sanctuary for the very first time, it looked a bit different. The sides and back sections were enclosed and held multiple rooms where Sunday School classes met and offices were located. That was the first sanctuary renovation I witnessed - making space for more people to worship! Along the way, the building that used to stand behind us was removed and the Education Building was constructed. We didn't yet have the beautiful lot on the side where we now enjoy the occasional fun activities. And then, as you know, more recently, renovations and additions created the spaces we now enjoy anew We have taken our time; we've been intentional with our facility changes as we've tried to be good stewards of the resources we've been blessed with, all the while doing this for the purpose of expanding our ministry to the

########
Rank: 19
Score: 31.128239
Retrieved Text: Yesterday, I read a post named “ Silly things I made during my travel “ by a blogger whom I follow.
Swimming in river of jungle ( Taman Negara ) in Malaysia ( without knowing how to swim ) and almost drowned.
Before you get irritated with my silliness, or should I call it more like stupidity, I would like to write about Amazing Bagan.
Bagan is situated in central part of Burma, standing on the Eastern part of Ayeyarwady River. Bagan Era existed from 107 until 13th century and reined by 55 kings, there are lots of stories behind. For example, there was the time, people left pretty ladies for the human sacrifice at the area of big bird who only wishes to eat beautiful girls. It makes more sense to think that giant bird cannot be defeated by villages and instead of letting it come to village again and again , runing everything randomly, the villagers decided to choose girls to feed the bird. I was making joke with my best friend that I would not be eaten even if I was born in Bagan that time. Haha. According to the legend, the bird ate 4300 girls until it was killed by a hero. There is a display of the statue of bird as well as the tunnel area where girls used to hide from the bird.
Some pagodas were built by a dedicated hero whose spirit still linger around the pagoda. For example, near Dama Yazaka pagoda, the tourists was taking photos and later he could see

########
Rank: 20
Score: 31.114784
Retrieved Text: Chuck Cheesman | Chuck Cheesman - Songwriter, Musician, Educator | Youtube : "Election Night"
"Election Night" is a song I wrote right before the election of President Barack Obama in 2008. I have a little personal history with Obama since he brought his family to my Wiggleworms™ children's music classes back when I taught at Chicago's Old Town School of Folk Music. Nice guy, beautiful family. I'd never have guessed he would have been our president in a few short years.
I recorded a solo acoustic demo of "Election Night" that got played on a few folk radio shows, and then we used the same recording on my Imagining Dancers CD.
The guitar I'm playing here was found at a garage sale only three days before we shot the video. It's a Larrivee OM-03, which is a basic, solid wood guitar without any fancy decorations—but it sounds great! I've never bought a guitar that was so filthy, and I earned my good deal by having to scrub dirt and grime off the guitar. I even had to use soap and water on the fingerboard with an old toothbrush. Once it was clean and had a new set of strings, I knew I had a winner. Even Jill and the kids commented on the warmth. My daughter Casey said the sound had a "sparkle" to it! Who am I to disagree?
David Hedberg shot this video and another that he is still editing. This time I went back to John Neff for the audio. John is a great guy who goes

########
Rank: 21
Score: 31.075317
Retrieved Text: I was bouncing with excitement when I woke up at four in the morning the day we flew to South Africa. Or at least bouncing as much as one can at four o'clock. Today, I was going to fly out of the country, to a place I had never been to before. Okay, so later I discovered that we actually weren't going to leave the country THAT day. But I didn't know that then, and I went to the airport excited that I was finally going to be traveling on my brand-new passport, instead of my birth certificate, that I had used whenever we went to Canada.
Cape Town, when we finally got there, after one night in the airport in Miami because a luggage-cart rammed the plane we were going to go on, was a slight disappointment. It was rainy and gray, and it wasn't much warmer than it had been back in Redmond. My mom had told us about the crime in lots of places of southern Africa, and what people do to avoid it, but here there were only four-foot walls, with little push-opening gates in them.
After a week or two in Cape Town, we drove (my grandfather had a car there) up to Johannesburg (Jo'burg), where we picked up my dad from the airport. Before we met him, however, one of my favorite things that we did was visit the Congo Caves. We did the scrambling, slithering, crawling route, and it was really fun, climbing up chimneys, sliding through "mailboxes", and that sort.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 30.981535
Retrieved Text: The Webster flea markets and farmer's market are located in the small Central Florida town of the same name.
Webster is a very quiet little place except for Mondays. That is the one day of the week when the markets are open.
The Monday thing goes back to the "blue laws" which dominated most rural Florida counties back in the bad old days of the Great Depression.
One of those laws kept people from doing business on Sunday, so the good ole boys of the area shifted their farmer's market to Monday.
During the peak of the winter season, when all of the snowbirds have come down to Florida for the winter, the flea and farmer markets are so busy you have to search awhile for a parking space.
It's estimated that as many as 4,000 dealers are set up on the site, and they receive 100,000 shoppers on a Monday.
Not nearly as many dealers set up during the hot Florida summers. I made a recent visit in July. I think there were only 400-500 dealers set up.
Things I saw being sold were tools, hats, towels, sheets, body lotion, watches, jewelry, perfume, dogs (Yorkies, Chihuahuas and other tiny breeds), rabbits, knives, shirts, dresses and assorted products that reminded me of the offerings in a Dollar store.
A few antiques were displayed here and there, but the biggest antique offerings take place in the cooler winter months.
The Farmer's market had lots of beautiful tomatoes, onions, peppers, squash, melons, oranges, tangerines and just about anything else that grows in Florida. There was a large

########
Rank: 23
Score: 30.883715
Retrieved Text: Happy, happy Khmer New Year!
Phew! Finally the celebrations have come to an end. What a week it has been. The Cambodians love a party and they really know how to throw a party — our friends Sophal and Bun Theun are no exception. And they are such gracious hosts.
They invited us to their Khmer New Year celebrations, which took place over two days. It involved lots of fun and frivolity, heaps of food, traditional ceremonies and games. Oh, and of course there was powder and water. It seems Cambodians have adopted Thailand’s water and powder celebrations with great enthusiasm.
We joined them for day two and three of this three-day celebration. Their house was decked out with beautiful decorations.
And like every house in town, a table was set up with offerings to the gods. I believe this is to give thanks and ask for good fortune for the year ahead.
Sophal’s daughters took me to the Pagoda, Wat Atvea — just a few hundred metres down the road from their house to show me some of the traditional celebrations and the sand mountains piled in front of the pagoda. I haven’t found the reason for the sand mountains but they are at every pagoda.
Candles are always being lit at these ceremonies along with incense (joss sticks).
The girls also took me to the ancient temple at Wat Atvea, where many people were also making offerings to the gods.
As we were leaving the yeays — grandmothers — were taking part in a ceremony.
Then I headed back to the party with

########
Rank: 24
Score: 30.867676
Retrieved Text: We are in London for the evening and enjoyed a very English evening with Andrea – a drink at a pub, followed by a great curry. The weather also played to role, cold, windy and rain. Great fun anyway.
We are in Manchester now enjoying a visit with the grandchildren, and their parents of course. They keep us busy, so a break when they take a nap is rather welcome.
We really enjoyed Franschhoek and Stellenbosch with excellent food and nice wineries. Today we went way south to the Cape of Good Hope. Very impressive. This evening we are in Scarborough, a small beach community south of Cape Town. Tomorrow we go back to a cold Europe.
We moved on today; almost back to Cape Town. Tonight we are staying in Franschhoek, a rather touristy town that capitalises on its French (Huguenot) history and surrounding vineyards. Very civilized, excellent wines and we are booked for dinner in the Tasting Room, which many people consider the best restaurant in Africa. We look forward to the experience.
After a very early and exciting game drive this morning, we left Addo Park and drove West again to the Swartzberg area. We are now in Prince Albert, a picturesque and friendly town. Our guide book warns that one could get the impression that the locals all took a valium, my impression is that they might have overdosed a bit. Nevertheless, I found a cold beer, the B&B we are staying in is lovely and dinner is arranged.
Our guide parked the Land Cruiser right next

########
Rank: 25
Score: 30.83404
Retrieved Text: Carbon Hill, Alabama, 1951, population about 3000, mostly coal miners and farmers. Right smack dab in the middle of the Bible belt, a fact that at times created some unique problems.
Southern folks worked hard and most the time for six-day weeks. Sunday was the Lord’s day, period. Friday and Saturday nights, on the other hand, were for unwinding and getting a little wild. There were all sorts of adult dances and gathering places in the little town. VFW hall, miner’s union hall, and a really nice city park, to mention just a few. However, there was one small detail. No booze. Carbon Hill was located in a dry county — a major threat to happy and meaningful weekends.
Enter Aunt Mertie (she really was my dad’s aunt). She was one of several bootleggers in the county. Legend had it she and her deceased husband had forcibly laid claim to business rights in the little town and had never been challenged again. As long as the county stayed dry, Mertie and her cohorts would turn a profit. That meant that some of that profit showed up in the damnedest places, even in my and little brother’s pockets.
Moonshine, as you know is, homemade liquor. Made with corn, sugar, and TLC. It looks like water, but water it is not. Among its many users it’s known as Shine, Wild Cat, and of course White Lightening. Believe me, those cute names are very misleading. I once accidently drank a full glass of what I had thought was ice water. All southern

########
Rank: 26
Score: 30.798027
Retrieved Text: Maai Mahiu is a very unique town that lies beautifully at the foot of the Great Rift Valley Escarpment. The town has been in formation for the last twenty years. Maai Mahiu means "hot water" in the native Kikuyu language. The town is 50 kilometers northwest of Nairobi and it is the entry point of Nakuru County, bordering three other counties: Kiambu, Nyandarua and Narok. Twenty years ago there were only half a dozen shops and just a few homes. Now it has gained lots of interest from investors due to the new Standard Gauge Railway(SGR) and it’s accessibility to Nairobi and Nakuru town. Lots of buildings are coming up everyday with a hope of making it home for many and a business hub for others. The current population is estimated at around 50,000 people.
Maai Mahiu runs for 24 hours. It has been a major truck stop for the country's major highway starting from Mombasa and adjoining the neighboring countries of Uganda, Sudan, Somalia & Ethiopia. Being a truck stop created a huge challenge of the spread of HIV/AIDS. Like many other towns along the highway (nicknamed the AIDS Highway), nothing positive could be said about the health of the town. Over time there has been lots of efforts by different groups to mitigate the problem.
The harsh weather conditions of the whole area have always been very unforgiving creating poverty and suffering for many families due to drought. But the situation has not pulled down this community. The people here are not only beautiful but very

########
Rank: 27
Score: 30.735895
Retrieved Text: Today began early. About 2am to be exact. My stomach woke me up with cramps, and my bowels were screaming for the loo. I passed two lots of fairly loose ones before my stomach decided it was time to bring whatever it could find in my stomach up and out my mouth. By that time there was nothing to bring up, so I had three very unpleasant dry reches.
Mild stomach cramps and diarrhea have lasted all day, however they seem to have died down in the last few hours (it is now 8pm). Lack of apetite continues however, although that could be contributed in part to the fact that all people eat around here is noodles. The lack of variation doesn’t exactly do wonders for my appetite.
Apart from the tea that came with lunch, I only drank bottled water.
– I do remember while eating the melon, part of the unwashed skin went into my mouth.
– I haven’t been too vigilant with washing my hands before eating. Perhaps my dirty hands contributed to it.
Basically, the fact that I could not eat much at all today made today a generally unpleasant day of riding. I had a three hour sleep in the middle of the day after lunch because I was feeling crook. After that it was all uphill through a very narrow gully. Nowhere to relieve my angry bowels.
Houxia is an interesting town though, as has been most of the area that I have cycled through today. I must have taken a wrong turn somewhere and therefore

########
Rank: 28
Score: 30.698229
Retrieved Text: This past summer has been outstanding for whale watching on the Central Coast of California. Humpback whales have been active and close to shore. A photo of a humpback popping its head out of the water in front of an astonished kayaker went viral on the Internet. The whales came alongside the Hanford Pier in Port San Luis enchanting hordes of tourists.
The day we visited the Harford Pier, Port San Luis was packed with cars and visitors. However the whales were now about one hundred yards off the end of the pier. You could see the water spouts from the whales blow-holes as they surfaced to breathe, as well as a brief glimpse of the whale itself. Hundreds of birds circled overhead. The whales’ chumming of the water for fish apparently made easy pickings for the birds, too.
Marine mammals resonate with humans, especially whales. Their high intelligence, immense size, and relative rarity make us want to see them. Perhaps the shame of hunting these innocuous creatures nearly to extinction, or disgust that needless hunting and harpooning still goes on, also affects us.
The excitement of getting a glimpse of whales at Port San Luis, and the urge to get a closer look, prompted us to sign up for a whale watching cruise out of the nearby town of Morro Bay. Down at the dock, the staff of Sub Sea Tours assured us that there had lately been great sightings every day.
The primary attraction is the humpback whales which generally feed in the nutrient-rich waters of the California

########
Rank: 29
Score: 30.663
Retrieved Text: WELLS — While voters in Wells choose on Nov. 4 whether to adopt a new town charter that replaces the open town meeting with a referendum ballot, they may want to look at the experience of two nearby towns that have already made the change.
York made the change nearly 15 years ago and Ogunquit did so in 2004.
Town clerks in both towns say the change has dramatically increased voter participation.
"There's much larger voter participation," said Mary-Anne Szeniawski, the York town clerk. "At the last town meeting, we were down to a few hundred people. For the last budget, 4,000 out of 10,000 voted."
The experience has been similar in Ogunquit.
"One thing it did was bring out the vote," said Judy Shaw-Kagiliery, Ogunquit's town clerk. "A lot more people are voting (now). The most we ever had at town meeting was 180. Now it's up to almost 600. That's a big increase."
There are about 20 towns across Maine that have switched from the traditional open town meetings to referendum voting, according to Michael Starn, communications director for the Maine Municipal Association.
"Jay, Lebanon, and York were early switchers," he said. "Many others have moved that way in the last five years. I wouldn't call it a heavy trend but it's something that has picked up followers in the last few years."
While voter participation has increased, Szeniawski and Shaw-Kagiliery said the workload in their offices has as well. In both cases, the length of the referendum ballot they prepare has grown, particularly when the town budgets are up for approval.
"The

================



======= Instance Index 1 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are higher or lower ):

Electrons at lower energy levels, which are closer to the nucleus, have less energy.


Electrons further away from a nucleus have higher or lower energy levels than close ones?

Target Text: higher

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 44.484795
Retrieved Text: You will place electrons in the appropriate energy levels outside of an atom.
Explain that an atoms outermost electrons are responsible for an elements reactivity.
Identify the electron arrangement within atomic energy levels.
Explain that an electrons energy is related to its distance from the nucleus.
An atom has three subatomic particles: the proton, the neutron, and the electron. The proton has a positive charge, is located in the nucleus and is responsible for an atom's identity. The number of protons does not change in an element, and is equal to the atomic number on the periodic table. Neutrons are also located in the nucleus, but have no charge.
The electrons are located outside the nucleus, and have a negative charge. The electrons will arrange themselves into specific energy levels, starting with the level closest to the nucleus. Each energy level has a maximum number of electrons it can hold: two in the first, eight in the second, 18 in the third and 32 in the fourth. As the distance of the energy level from the nucleus increases, so does the energy the electrons contain.
The arrangement of the electrons in their energy levels is called the "electron configuration." In a neutral atom, the number of electrons will be the same as the atomic number, or number of protons. For learners to place the electrons in the appropriate energy level, they should identify the atomic number, and start placing the electrons in energy levels, the closest to the nucleus first. Once the energy level has its maximum number of electrons, they should

########
Rank: 1
Score: 43.375603
Retrieved Text: According to Bohr’s atomic model, the electrons revolving around the nucleus are governed by a definite path and hence have a definite energy level so the electrons in an atom have well-defined energy levels.
When the atoms are brought close to each other, they begin to influence each other due to mutual interaction between them. This mutual interaction is more in case of outer shell than the inner shells.
If we take silicon as an element which is a semi-conduct with electronic configuration of 152 252 2P6 352 3P2. Since the crystal contains at least 1023 atoms per unit volume so there may be at least 1023 sub-levels which are created. These sublevels lie very close to each other and hence they are known as the energy band.
When separation is d1, the electrons in the outer-most shell of one atom do not interact with the electrons in the atoms the other due to large separation so, at this stage, each atom has its own specified energy level.
When separation is d2, the inter-atomic separation is less, so the electrons in the outermost shell start interacting with another due to which the modification of levels start (3s and 3p) levels, but still at this stage, energy gap occurs.
When separation is d3, inter-atomic separation reduces further and the independent 3s and 3p levels disappear. They are now distributed in a continuous manner, hence forming an energy band.
When separation is r, the atoms are at there actual inter-atomic separation due to which the energy band splits up into two levels with a

########
Rank: 2
Score: 41.49424
Retrieved Text: Atom is the smallest building block of an element – it can’t be further broken by any chemical process. Everything you see around yourself is made of trillions-of-trillions atoms.
Atoms are so small that, it is not possible to see them with a powerful microscope. Only specialized microscopes (electron microscope) are able to zoom the atoms.
An atom is composed of electrons, protons, and neutrons. Neutrons and protons are held together in the center of an atom called nucleus. But, electrons orbit around atoms at fixed distances called orbits or shells. A neutral atom (without charge) contains an equal number of electrons and protons.
The total mass of the atom is concentrated in its nucleus, which is measured in a.m.u (atomic mass unit). One a.m.u is about kilogram. Mass of the atom is equal to the number of nucleons (sum of the number of protons and neutrons). One nucleon – either a proton or a neutron – has a mass equal to 1 a.m.u.
Elements are distinguished from each other by the number of protons. If somehow number of protons is changed in an element – as it happens during radioactivity – then the original element will be converted into another element. However, changing the number of neutrons doesn’t change the element itself. Instead, it will give a different isotope of the same element. An isotope of an element has the same number of protons but a different number of neutrons.
There 118 different kinds of atoms based on the number of protons, that builds 118 different elements. These elements are

########
Rank: 3
Score: 40.789474
Retrieved Text: Questions and Answers - How do I read an electron configuration table?
Are you making a model of an atom and need to know how to place the electrons around the nucleus? If so, you will need to know how to read an element's electron configuration table. Follow these easy directions to learn how!
What is an electron configuration table?
The first number is the energy level. We can tell right away that an atom of gold contains 6 energy levels.
The lowercase letter is the sub-shell. The sub-shells are named s, p, d and f. The number of available sub-shells increases as the energy level increases. For example, the first energy level only contains an s sub-shell while the second energy level contains both an s sub-shell and a p sub-shell.
The number in superscript is the number of electrons in a sub-shell. Each sub-shell can hold only a certain number of electrons. The s sub-shell can hold no more than 2 electrons, the p sub-shell can hold 6, the d sub-shell can hold 10 and the f sub-shell can hold as many as 14.
How many energy levels does an atom have?
How many electrons are in each energy level?
How many electrons are in an atom's outer energy level?
Video - How to Draw an Atom!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 40.605698
Retrieved Text: A very simplistic visualization of an atom includes a dense nucleus comprised of a specific number of positively charged protons and uncharged neutrons surrounded by orbits of negatively charged electrons. One might be tempted to envision a configuration similar to a solar system with the nucleus representing the sun and the electrons representing planets. While this is a good starting point, you will soon discover that the solar system model does not provide a true representation of the atom.
The number of protons always equals the number of electrons in an atom, and that number is equal to the atomic number. For instance, carbon has an atomic number of six and therefore has six protons and six electrons.
While the number of protons and electrons remain constant in the neutral atom, the number of neutrons may vary within different atom species of the same element. As a result, the atomic mass for one atom may be different from another atom of the same element if the number of neutrons varies. Atomic mass must account for all possible species or nuclides (isotopes), of an atom. Carbon 12 with its 6 neutrons is by far the most common isotope of carbon. In reality, there is a carbon 14 which has eight neutrons and an atomic mass of 14. There is also a carbon 11 which has only five neutrons.
This is the sum of all nuclide (isotope), masses multiplied by their natural abundance. This weighted average is the relative mass listed in the Periodic Table. The relative percentage of each nuclide

########
Rank: 5
Score: 40.585583
Retrieved Text: As an electron approaches a nucleus from infinity, it becomes 'bound' - it is attached to the nucleus, if you like. In this bound state, the electron occupies what is called an energy level. A nucleus has a discrete number of energy levels, and so electrons bound to a certain nucleus can only take on certain potential energies. These energies are negative by convention.
The lowest (most negative) energy level is denoted n=1, the next lowest n=2, and so on. The values of these can be found using formulae which you don't need to know about. Alternatively, they may be determined experimentally.
Energy levels in a hydrogen atom. The transition shown from the n=3 level to the n=2 level gives rise to visible light of wavelength 656 nm (red).
where E is energy, h is Planck's constant (6.63 x 10−34 J s), f is frequency, c is the speed of light, and λ is wavelength.
The energy levels of different nuclei are different. Evidence for these energy levels comes from the emission and absorption spectra of atoms. An emission spectrum can be obtained by heating a sample of an element. This gives the electrons energy, so they jump up the energy levels. At random, they then jump down again, giving off photons with measurable frequencies. The formulae above can be used to calculate the difference in energy between the levels between which the electrons have jumped.
An absorption spectrum can be found by passing light through (for example) a gas, and observing the frequencies of light which are absorbed. These frequencies

########
Rank: 6
Score: 40.238125
Retrieved Text: Matter is build by atoms that are bound by electric forces to molecules or solids. The name "atom" is derived from Greek and means indivisible. The physicist of earlier times had considered that you cannot divide matter in arbitrarily small pieces. But it exists a smallest piece called atom. Today we know that an atom has a inner structure with a positively charged nucleus surrounded by a negatively charged electron shell. Until now we know 118 different sorts of atoms, called elements, that are ordered in the periodic table of elements.
In the periodic table the elements are sorted in 18 groups. The physical properties of the atoms are determined by the charge of the nucleus that consists of positively charged protons and neutral neutrons. The order parameter Z describes the number of the protons each carrying a charge of one elementary electric charge e. The mass of the atoms is mainly determined by the number of protons and electrons in the nucleus. Atoms of one element with the same number of protons can have a different number of neutrons. These Atoms are called isotopes.
The sorting of the elements in the groups of the periodic table is based on the electrons in the electron shell that determines the chemical properties. Due to quantum physics rules the electrons in the shell can only occupy certain energy levels. Within the energy levels the electrons arrange in shells each with only a fixed number of electrons. Thus, in the first shell (s-shell) only two electrons can be placed, in the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 39.90136
Retrieved Text: The days of using candles or torches to light homes are long gone. Today, we simply flip the switch and light just… appears. But what happens between the time you flip the switch and the time your light bulb illuminates the room? This week, we’re headed back to the basics: how an incandescent light bulb actually works.
Think back to middle school science. Remember the terms “electron” and “nucleus”? Well, these two play a very important part in the science of lighting. Electrons, which are negatively charged particles moving around an atom, have different levels of energy, and are dependent on a few things, such as their speed and distance from the nucleus. Electrons have different levels of energy, and as a general rule of thumb, those with greater energy are farther away from the nucleus. The process of how atoms emit light is complex, but in simple terms, this is what happens: the atom collides with a moving particle, exciting the atom and causing an electron to jump to a higher energy level. When this occurs, the electron returns to its original energy level and releases this extra energy as a light photon.
So we’ve given you an overview of how light is emitted, but what makes up a bulb? Fortunately, incandescent light bulbs have a pretty simple make up. Look at the picture of this incandescent A19 bulb to the right. Most incandescent bulbs have a medium base, which is just a fancy way of saying the bulb screws into a fixture. Notice the coil at

########
Rank: 8
Score: 39.88702
Retrieved Text: `●` Shapes of Atomic Orbitals.
`●` Nodal surface or Node .
`=>` According to Max Born, the square of wave function(i.e, ` psi^2`) at a point gives the probability density of the electron at that point. Fig 2.12(b).
`=>` For 1s probability density is maximum at the nucleus and it decreases sharply as we move away from it. But for 2s orbital the probability density first decreases sharply and again starts increasing. After reaching a maxima it decreases again and approaches zero as the value of r further increases.
The region where the probability density function reaches to zero.
This gives fairly good representation of the shapes of the orbitals.
In this, a boundary surface or contour surface is drawn in space for an orbital on which the value `|psi|^2 ` is constant.
Definition : For a given orbital, only that boundary surface diagram of constant probability density is taken which encloses a region or volume in which the probability of finding the electron is `90%`. fig [2.13 (b)].
Note : - We do not draw boundary surface diagram of `100%` probability because ` psi^2` has always some value at any finite distance from the nuclues, so it is not possible to draw a boundary surface diagram of a rigid size of `100%` probability.
For `s`-orbital, boundary surface diagram is spherical in shape. i.e the probability of finding the electron in all direction is equal.
For `p`-orbital (Fig 2.14), the boundary surface diagram is not spherical. But it has two lobes which are on either side of the plane passing through the nucleus. At this plane,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 39.879242
Retrieved Text: An atom is the smallest part of an element composed of 3 sub-atomic particles ,protons,neutrons and electrons.
The number of protons in an atom of an element is called the atomic number ,Z.
An atom is electrically neutral, An atom contain the same anount of protons as electrons.
Isotopes- atoms of the same element with different masses and number of neutrons. Isotopes of an element have the same number of protons and electrons.
Mass number, A- The combined number of protons and neutrons in an isotope of an element.
The electronic structure of the atom.
Electronic energy levels are like a ladder ,they are filled from the bottom up. The gap between the successive energy levels become less ,with increasing energy levels.
s-orbital = spherical shape with one orbital and 2 electrons.
Ionisation energy measures the ease with which electrons are lost in the formation of positive ions. An element has as many ionisation energies as there are electrons.
The first ionisation energy of an element is the energy required to remove 1 electron from each atom in 1 mole of gaseous atoms to form 1 mole of gaseous 1+ ions.
Electrons are held in their shells by the attraction from the nucleus . The first electron lost will be from the highest occupied energy level. This electron experiences the least attraction from the nucleus.
Atomic radius- The greater the distance between teh nucleus and the outer electrons,the less the attractive force. Attraction falls rapidly with increasing distance and so this factor is very important and has a big effect.
Nucleur charge- The greater the number of protons

########
Rank: 10
Score: 39.356888
Retrieved Text: Even if you aren't currently interested in all these things, it would probably pay you to read the whole page. The same ideas tend to recur throughout the atomic properties, and you may find that earlier explanations help to you understand later ones.
Note: You will find atomic radius covered in detail in another part of this site. If you choose to follow this link, use the BACK button on your browser to return quickly to this page.
You can see that the atomic radius increases as you go down the Group.
the pull the outer electrons feel from the nucleus.
In each case, the outer electrons feel a net pull of 7+ from the nucleus. The positive charge on the nucleus is cut down by the negativeness of the inner electrons.
This is equally true for all the other atoms in Group 7. The outer electrons always feel a net pull of 7+ from the centre.
The only factor which is going to affect the size of the atom is therefore the number of layers of inner electrons which have to be fitted in around the atom. Obviously, the more layers of electrons you have, the more space they will take up - electrons repel each other. That means that the atoms are bound to get bigger as you go down the Group.
Electronegativity is a measure of the tendency of an atom to attract a bonding pair of electrons. It is usually measured on the Pauling scale, on which the most electronegative element (fluorine) is given an electronegativity of 4.0.
Note: You

########
Rank: 11
Score: 39.22876
Retrieved Text: – An element is defined as a substance which cannot be decomposed into other substances. The smallest particle of an element which takes part in chemical reaction is known as atom.
– All matter is composed of atoms which are infinitesimally small.
from the stand point of electrical conductivity, as conductors, semiconductors or Insulators .To be conductor, the substance must contain some mobile electrons that can move freely between atoms. These free electrons come only from the valence (outer) orbit of the atom Conductivity depends on the number of electrons in the valence orbit.
“The energy level of an electron increases as its distance from the nucleus increases. Thus an electron in the second orbit possesses more energy than electron in the first orbit, electrons in the third orbit have higher energy than in the second orbit and so on. It follows, therefore, that electrons in the last orbit will possess very high energy. These high energy electrons are less bound to the nucleus and hence they are more mobile. It is the mobility of last orbit electrons that they acquire the property of combining with other atoms. Further due to this combining power of last orbit electrons of an atom they are called valence electrons”.
Atoms with fewer than four valence electrons are good conductors.
Atoms with more than four valence electrons are poor conductors.
Atoms with four valence electrons are semiconductors.
Normally, the atoms are electrically neutral, that is, the number of electrons and protons are the same, cancelling each other’s electrical force. Atoms “stay together’ because unlike charges attract each

########
Rank: 12
Score: 39.080833
Retrieved Text: The Aufbau model lets us take an atom and make predictions about its properties. All we need to know is how many protons it has (and how many electrons, which is the same as the number of protons for a neutral atom). We can predict the properties of the atom based on our vague idea of where its electrons are and, more importantly, the energy of those electrons.
How electrons fill in their positions around an atom is called the Aufbau Process (German: "building-up" process). The Aufbau Process is all about keeping electrons at their lowest possible energy and is the direct result of the Pauli Exclusion Principle. A corollary of Coulomb's law is that the energy of an electron is affected by attractive and repulsive forces. The closer an electron to the nucleus, the lower its energy. The closer an electron is to another electron, the higher its energy.
Of course, a basic principle of thermodynamics is that a system will proceed to the lowest energy possible. That means, if an atom has only one electron, the electron will have quantum numbers that place it at the lowest possible energy. It will be as close as possible to the positive nucleus.
If an atom has a second electron, it will also be as close as possible to the nucleus. It could have the same quantum numbers as the first electron, except for spin. There is a trade-off, of course, because those two electrons will be close enough to repel each other. However, if it is a choice between

########
Rank: 13
Score: 38.733063
Retrieved Text: And in my mind, something like this provides a much better understanding of how things work - much better than: "an equation [or a principle] says so" ..
I vote de Broglie. He seems to have been sidelined and never made any further significant contributions to physics. It would be a testament to his foresight and give him more significance in the history of physics. I have for years thought quantum mechanics lacking clarity. No wonder quantum gravity has eluded physics for 100 years.
From the previously mentioned article.
"The experiments began a decade ago, when Yves Couder and colleagues at Paris Diderot University discovered that vibrating a silicon oil bath up and down at a particular frequency can induce a droplet to bounce along the surface. The droplet’s path, they found, was guided by the slanted contours of the liquid’s surface generated from the droplet’s own bounces — a mutual particle-wave interaction analogous to de Broglie’s pilot-wave concept."
In a modified form this describes gravity.
You can't really use an electron to release energy from a nucleus.
- For one thing, the electron very rarely interacts with the nucleus of an atom.
- And in those rare instances where an interaction does occur, much of the energy is carried away by the ghostly neutrino, which we can't capture as an energy source.
Combining two deuterium nuclei (or a dueterium & a tritium) to make a Helium nucleus does release a usable amount of energy.
- However, the wavelength of an electron is too long to draw the two nuclei together close enough for a

########
Rank: 14
Score: 38.27858
Retrieved Text: Atoms are composed of particles called protons, electrons and neutrons. Protons carry a positive electrical charge, electrons carry a negative electrical charge and neutrons carry no electrical charge at all. The protons and neutrons cluster together in the central part of the atom, called the nucleus, and the electrons ‘orbit’ the nucleus. A particular atom will have the same number of protons and electrons and most atoms have at least as many neutrons as protons.
Protons and neutrons are both composed of other particles called quarks and gluons. Protons contain two ‘up’ quarks and one ‘down’ quark while neutrons contain one ‘up’ quark and two ‘down’ quarks. The gluons are responsible for binding the quarks to one another.
The atom is a basic unit of matter that consists of a dense central nucleus surrounded by a cloud of negatively charged electrons. Theatomic nucleus contains a mix of positively charged protons and electrically neutral neutrons (except in the case of hydrogen-1, which is the only stable nuclide with no neutrons). The electrons of an atom are bound to the nucleus by the electromagnetic force. Likewise, a group of atoms can remain bound to each other by chemical bonds based on the same force, forming a molecule. An atom containing an equal number of protons and electrons is electrically neutral, otherwise it is positively or negatively charged and is known as an ion. An atom is classified according to the number of protons and neutrons in its nucleus: the number of protons determines the chemical element, and the number of

########
Rank: 15
Score: 37.743565
Retrieved Text: principle that relates to electron energies.
separation for two atoms or ions.
separation and the bonding energy.
hydrogen, and van der Waals bonds.
protons and neutrons within the nucleus.
atomic masses, which are called isotopes.
 Electrons are assumed to revolve around the atomic nucleus in discrete orbitals, and the position of any particular electron is more or less well defined in terms of its orbital.
 Another important quantum-mechanical principle stipulates that the energies of electrons are quantized; that is, electrons are permitted to have only specific values of energy. An electron may change energy, but in doing so it must make a quantum jump either to an allowed higher energy (with absorption of energy) or to a lower energy (with emission of energy). Often, it is convenient to think of these allowed electron energies as being associated with energy levels or states. These states do not vary continuously with energy; that is, adjacent states are separated by finite energies.
- values of energy that are permitted for electrons.
 Bohr model was eventually found to have some significant limitations because of its inability to explain several phenomena involving electrons. A resolution was reached with a wave- mechanical model, in which the electron is considered to exhibit both wavelike and particle-like characteristics. With this model, an electron is no longer treated as a particle moving in a discrete orbital; but rather, position is considered to be the probability of an electron’s being at various locations around the nucleus. In other words, position is described by a probability distribution or electron cloud.
 Using wave mechanics,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 37.698986
Retrieved Text: This is a brand page for the CARBON SPEED OF EXISTANCE 210158976KILOMETRES A SECOND SQUARED × NO OF ELECTRONS/NO OF ELECTRONS CARBON= MINIMUM SOLID SPEED OF EXISTANCE SQUARED MAXIMUM SPEED OF EXISTANCE = MAXIMUM SPEED OF URANIUM = (479872912+679851012 )÷2 = 579861962 KMS SQUARED MAXIMUM EXISTANCE SPEED POSSIBLE. THERY OF ENERGY IN EXISTANCE (ATOMIC WATT/WAVELENGTH WATT)/NUCLEUS SIZE× 579861962 KMS SQUARED= ENERGY trademark by Umit demirci in NARRE WARREN SOUTH, , 3805.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this CARBON SPEED OF EXISTANCE 210158976KILOMETRES A SECOND SQUARED × NO OF ELECTRONS/NO OF ELECTRONS CARBON= MINIMUM SOLID SPEED OF EXISTANCE SQUARED MAXIMUM SPEED OF EXISTANCE = MAXIMUM SPEED OF URANIUM = (479872912+679851012 )÷2 = 579861962 KMS SQUARED MAXIMUM EXISTANCE SPEED POSSIBLE. THERY OF ENERGY IN EXISTANCE (ATOMIC WATT/WAVELENGTH WATT)/NUCLEUS SIZE× 579861962 KMS SQUARED= ENERGY trademark. Or, contact the owner Umit demirci of the CARBON SPEED OF EXISTANCE 210158976KILOMETRES A SECOND SQUARED × NO OF ELECTRONS/NO OF ELECTRONS CARBON= MINIMUM SOLID SPEED OF EXISTANCE SQUARED MAXIMUM SPEED OF EXISTANCE = MAXIMUM SPEED OF URANIUM = (479872912+679851012 )÷2 = 579861962 KMS SQUARED MAXIMUM EXISTANCE SPEED POSSIBLE. THERY OF ENERGY IN EXISTANCE (ATOMIC WATT/WAVELENGTH WATT)/NUCLEUS SIZE× 579861962 KMS SQUARED= ENERGY trademark by filing a request to communicate with the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the CARBON SPEED OF EXISTANCE 210158976KILOMETRES A SECOND SQUARED × NO OF ELECTRONS/NO OF ELECTRONS CARBON= MINIMUM SOLID SPEED OF EXISTANCE SQUARED MAXIMUM SPEED OF EXISTANCE = MAXIMUM SPEED OF URANIUM = (479872912+679851012 )÷2 = 579861962 KMS SQUARED MAXIMUM EXISTANCE

########
Rank: 17
Score: 37.683563
Retrieved Text: Bohr's idea that electrons are found in different orbitals or energy levels was an important step in understanding the structure of an atom. Louis de Broglie's particle-wave relationship was also a crucial development.
Werner Heisenberg and Erwin Schrodinger were able to take these ideas and develop modern quantum mechanics. The main significance of quantum mechanics is the ability to very accurately predict physical properties using basic mathematical principles. Heisenberg and Schrodinger used different kinds of mathematics to explain atomic structure, but they ultimately reached similar results.
The key approach by Schrodinger was to recognize the factors influencing the energy of an electron in an atom. He saw that there would be contributions from Coulomb's law, because of attractive forces between the electron and the nucleus as well as repulsive factors between different electrons. In addition, Schrodinger recognized that there would be a kinetic energy component related to the wavelength of the electron. Schrodinger combined these factors into "the Schrodinger wave equation."
Figure AT3.1. The factors Schrodinger accounted for in his wave equation. Each factor influences the energy of an electron.
Solving the wave equation is very useful. A solution to the equation, which is called a wave function, can indicate the energy of an electron in an atom. The solution can also be combined with other mathematical relations that will give specific predictions of different properties of atoms and molecules.
The Schrodinger wave equation is an approach to describing an electron.
The solution to the wave equation is called a wavefunction.
What happens to the energy of an electron as its wavelength gets

########
Rank: 18
Score: 37.242405
Retrieved Text: All atoms have the potential to have electrons. However, how can we find out how many electrons an atoms has and how much it can hold? To solve this question, let’s start off with one fact. All electrons revolve around the nucleus. Because there is a mutual interaction between the two particles, there will be a certain level of energy associated with the two particles that binds them together. Furthermore, as a consequence of the laws of quantum mechanics, all energy levels are in discrete forms. When the electron receives enough energy to surpass the binding energy, they will jump to the next possible level. The energy required to surpass the binding force is called the ionization energy and the different levels are called valence shells. As a result of the Heisenberg uncertainty principle, these electrons will have different possibilities of location within these valence shells, and that probability depends on the amount of electrons inside. These probabilistic locations are called orbitals. Chemists have termed these series of classifications to be the electron configuration of the system.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 37.2273
Retrieved Text: If electrons are held in orbit by electromagnetic attraction to nuclei, shouldn't electrons crashing into the nucleus be a common event? If so, why have I never heard about this?
Today we have abandoned the solar system model of the atom in favor of the Schr&#246;dinger model: electrons are standing waves distributed through the spherical volume of the atom. Nevertheless, we still understand electronic energy levels as being quantized. Electrons are not permitted to fall into the nucleus because this would involve a violation of quantization.
Finding the electron in the nucleus would also be a violation of the Uncertainty Relation: we would know the electron's position and momentum simultaneously! In fact, the electron's velocity can be approximated by solving the expression for the uncertainty in velocity, using the electron's rest mass and the mean distance of the electron from the nucleus (which can be calculated from the expression for the atomic orbital -- a wave equation! -- in which the electron is located).
Electrons are inherently fuzzy particles, especially when they are in atoms -- and the "fuzz" is on the order of the size of the atom. This means that, while the electron has a certain probability of being "in" the nucleus, the probability can never be 100%.
It is not a common event, but something like that does happen: electron capture (http://hyperphysics.phy-astr.gsu.edu/hbase/nuclear/radact2.html#c3).
Not really. It would be allowed in the nucleus but for the Uncertainty Principle. However, because of Heisenberg, it isn't.
Actually, the way it's worded there, you could have an electron in the nucleus. All you need

########
Rank: 20
Score: 37.144623
Retrieved Text: Not to be confused with Bohr equation.
The cake model of the hydrogen atom (Z = 1) or a hydrogen-like ion (Z > 1), where the negatively charged electron confined to an atomic shell encircles a small, positively charged atomic nucleus and where an electron jumps between orbits it is accompanied by an emitted or absorbed amount of electromagnetic energy (hν). The orbits in which the electron may travel are shown as grey circles; their radius increases as n2, where n is the principal quantum number. The 3 → 2 transition depicted here produces the first line of the Balmer series, and for hydrogen (Z = 1) it results in a photon of wavelength 656 nm (red light).
In atomic physics, the Rutherford–Bohr model or Bohr model or Bohr diagram, presented by Niels Bohr and Ernest Rutherford in 1913, is a system consisting of a small, dense nucleus surrounded by revolving electrons —similar to the structure of the Solar System, but with attraction provided by electrostatic forces rather than gravity. After the cubic model (1902), the plum-pudding model (1904), the Saturnian model (1904), and the Rutherford model (1911) came the Rutherford–Bohr model or just Bohr model for short (1913). The improvement to the Rutherford model is mostly a quantum physical interpretation of it. The model's key success lay in explaining the Rydberg formula for the spectral emission lines of atomic hydrogen. While the Rydberg formula had been known experimentally, it did not gain a theoretical underpinning until the Bohr model was introduced. Not only did the Bohr model

########
Rank: 21
Score: 37.138565
Retrieved Text: Why don't the proton and the electron in a hydrogen atom collapse?
That was the question on physicists' minds early in the 20th century prior to the development of quantum theory. It was not understood why an orbiting electron, since it is accelerating, wouldn't lose energy in the form of electromagnetic radiation and collapse into the proton. Quantum theory posits that energy must be "packaged" in finite amounts, analagous to money. You can spend 25 cents or 26 cents, but not 25 1/2 cents. Under quantum rules, electrons cannot "spend" (lose) enough energy to collapse into the proton, so happily stay where they are. They can, however, gain a finite amount of energy and rise to a specific higher energy level. Because specific energy translates into a specific electromagentic frequecy, this behavior gives rise to dark "Fraunhaufer lines" in the Sun's spectrum. The loss of that same finite amount of energy by energetic electrons explains the bright line spectra emitted by glowing gases, such as neon.
This question was one of those which sparked off the quantum mechanics revolution at the beginning of the twentieth century. Rutherford had discovered that the atom was made of positively and negatively charged particles and immediately everyone asked, "How on Earth can they just sit there together?" Rutherford himself proposed that electrons were held in orbit by their velocity around the nucleus in the same way that the Earth is held in orbit around the Sun. It soon became clear however that electrons would radiate their energy away and therefore it was

########
Rank: 22
Score: 36.452824
Retrieved Text: Following the work of Ernest Rutherford and his colleagues in the early twentieth century, the picture of atoms consisting of tiny dense nuclei surrounded by lighter and even tinier electrons continually moving about the nucleus was well established. This picture was called the planetary model, since it pictured the atom as a miniature “solar system” with the electrons orbiting the nucleus like planets orbiting the sun. The simplest atom is hydrogen, consisting of a single proton as the nucleus about which a single electron moves. The electrostatic force attracting the electron to the proton depends only on the distance between the two particles. The electrostatic force has the same form as the gravitational force between two mass particles except that the electrostatic force depends on the magnitudes of the charges on the particles (+1 for the proton and −1 for the electron) instead of the magnitudes of the particle masses that govern the gravitational force. Since forces can be derived from potentials, it is convenient to work with potentials instead, since they are forms of energy. The electrostatic potential is also called the Coulomb potential. Because the electrostatic potential has the same form as the gravitational potential, according to classical mechanics, the equations of motion should be similar, with the electron moving around the nucleus in circular or elliptical orbits (hence the label “planetary” model of the atom). Potentials of the form V(r) that depend only on the radial distance r are known as central potentials. Central potentials have spherical symmetry, and so rather than specifying

########
Rank: 23
Score: 36.437214
Retrieved Text: I recently learned about orbitals in class, and I am really confused.
I am very confused about what the orbitals look like, what the signs (such as $-2s, ---2p$ etc.) mean and how they work.
What they taught us was how there are little spaces that the electrons can fit through, because they want to get to the center of the atom, and how $2s$ is in the shape of the sphere.
But I am confused how everything is laid out. Is the "sphere" shape inside the shell and around the nucleus, or is it containing the shell. but inside another shell.
They also introduced something about the $x,y,z$ axis and I am just as confused on that too.
First thing you need to understand is that orbitals are not actual physical things that exist. Simply put, an orbital is a function that describes the probability of finding the electron with certain energy at certain distance from the nucleus. The shapes of the orbitals are just the boundaries of space where you can find the electron 90% of the time.
Electrons behave both as particles and waves. Their wave behavior is described by what is called a wave function. It has two components - radial and angular. The radial component depends on the distance from the nucleus while the angular depends on the direction. It is the angular component that shapes the orbitals. Just as it is, the wave function does not have any physical meaning, but it's square is proportional to the probability of finding the electron in a particular region

########
Rank: 24
Score: 36.338535
Retrieved Text: Other contributors have said "Since atoms are mostly empty space why don't objects pass through one another?" is the same question as "Why can't humans walk through objects if the atoms in your bodies are mostly empty space?"
Why can't humans walk through objects if the atoms in your bodies are mostly empty space?
Because the outsides of all atoms are negatively charged so they repel when they come close.
How is it possible for atoms to be composed of mostly empty space?
Answer . Think of it as the planets being the electrons: Earth, Venus, Mars etc.... and the Sun being the nucleus. The size of the Sun and planets relative to the empty space in the solar system is small. It's the same kind of idea with atoms.
What discovery demonstrated that atoms are mostly empty space?
The demonstration where radiation particles are shot into a gold page and most atoms stay in a straight line but a small fraction are deflected in all direction.
If an atom is mostly empty space why can't you see the empty space as part of an object?
They are mostly empty space apart from the protons and neutrons in the middle of the atoms and tiny electrons in the electron cloud.
What is in the empty space between atoms?
To say there is nothing there is simillar to saying water has no taste. There is something there, though we have yet to observe or define it.
In Rutherfords gold-foil experiment Rutherford concluded that the atom is mostly empty space with a small massive positvley charged center because?
When the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 36.1731
Retrieved Text: This Review contains major "Coulomb"- related terms, short phrases and links grouped together in the form of Encyclopedia article.
It is named after Charles-Augustin de Coulomb (1736 to 1806).
In 1785, Charles Coulomb deduced the electrostatic force law and used a torsion balance to demonstrate it.
BCS theory starts from the assumption that there is some attraction between electrons, which can overcome the Coulomb repulsion.
The Coulomb barrier is smallest for isotopes of hydrogen - they contain only a single positive charge in the nucleus.
The nuclei do not actually have to have enough energy to overcome the Coulomb barrier completely.
The average distance is approximately 0.17 nanometers, a distance at which the attractive strong nuclear force cannot overcome the Coulomb repulsion.
We also provide a numerical analysis of a system of classical particles interacting via a Coulomb potential on the surface of a paraboloid.
Charged particles rarely boil off because of the coulomb barrier.
This flow reduces the effective interaction between particles to a short-range "screened" Coulomb interaction.
For example, the Coulomb interaction between two electrons is mediated by virtual photons faster than the speed of light, with imaginary masses.
We know today that the magnetic field lines going through the needle into its tip do exactly balance the outgoing ones that Coulomb measured.
One ampere of current is a "6 billion 300 million billion (6.24x10^18)" electrons passing a point in a second. This number is called a coulomb.
Coulomb, fundamental unit of charge, defined as the charge required to obtain one newton of force between two such charges at a distance of one meter.
Torsion balance used by

########
Rank: 26
Score: 35.88002
Retrieved Text: The field of particle physics evolved out of nuclear physics and is typically taught in close association with nuclear physics.
The history of nuclear physics as a discipline distinct from atomic physics starts with the discovery of radioactivity by Henri Becquerel in 1896, while investigating phosphorescence in uranium salts. The discovery of the electron by J. J. Thomson a year later was an indication that the atom had internal structure. At the turn of the 20th century the accepted model of the atom was J. J. Thomson's plum pudding model in which the atom was a large positively charged ball with small negatively charged electrons embedded inside of it.
In the years that followed, the phenomenon of radioactivity was extensively investigated, notably by the husband and wife team of Pierre Curie and Marie Curie and by Ernest Rutherford and his collaborators. By the turn of the century physicists had also discovered three types of radiation emanating from atoms, which they named alpha, beta, and gamma radiation. Experiments in 1911 by Otto Hahn, and by James Chadwick in 1914 discovered that the beta decay spectrum was continuous rather than discrete. That is, electrons were ejected from the atom with a range of energies, rather than the discrete amounts of energies that were observed in gamma and alpha decays. This was a problem for nuclear physics at the time, because it indicated that energy was not conserved in these decays.
The 1903 Nobel Prize in Physics was awarded jointly to Becquerel for his discovery and to Pierre Curie and Marie Curie

########
Rank: 27
Score: 35.75693
Retrieved Text: For the discussion board post this week, you’ll collect information about your scientist’s discoveries, innovations and necessary contributions to science. Another three fits and an empty power armor body could be obtained from killing the Atom Cats. And atoms tend to be extra stable, or blissful,” when they have sure numbers of electrons whizzing round their cores. They can change and endure chemical reactions, sharing electrons with different atoms. John Dalton was an English chemistry and math tutor who took the concepts of his day and put them right into a model of how matter was arranged.
Each proton in the nucleus of an atom has a tiny optimistic cost ( electrical energy that stays in one place). Atoms that have 5, 6 or 7 electrons in their outer levels will tend to gain electrons from atoms with 1, 2 or 3 electrons of their outer levels. An element is a substance which can’t be cut up into simpler substances, whereas an atom is the smallest portion of an element which can take part in a chemical change. Strange matter is made up of up, down, and strange quarks and quark-antiquark pairs.
It shows us that our theory of what atoms are and the way they are built is an excellent one: the idea agrees with the issues we see around us on this planet and it is confirmed by many alternative sorts of proof. The protons and the neutrons make up the center of the atom known as the nucleus and the electrons fly round above the

########
Rank: 28
Score: 35.632534
Retrieved Text: According to the Rutherford-Bohr model, electrons were thought to occupy fixed, circular orbits around the nucleus of an atom. The electrons with the lowest energy levels occupied the lowest orbits. Electrons with higher energy levels would occupy higher orbits. Whereas the planetary orbits in our solar system all lie on (or very close to) a two-dimensional orbital plane, electron orbits were believed to occupy a number of different orbital planes, spawning the concept of three-dimensional electron shells.
We know now that the Rutherford-Bohr model does not accurately represent the way in which electrons behave. They certainly do not occupy neat circular orbits - the reality is far more complex. Nevertheless, the Rutherford-Bohr model is still taught in schools and colleges because it gives us a good conceptual framework for thinking about electrons and their energy levels. For that reason, we will start by by exploring the concept of electron shells, and then go on to examine the concept of orbitals.
Before we do anything else, let's try and get a little perspective. At the time of writing, the periodic table contains one hundred and eighteen (118) elements. The first element in the table is hydrogen (H), which has the atomic number one (1) because it has one proton and one electron. The last element in the table is oganesson (Og), which has the atomic number one hundred and eighteen (118) because it has one hundred and eighteen protons and one hundred and eighteen electrons.
When dealing with the complexity of an atom's electron configuration, therefore, the worst-case scenario is

########
Rank: 29
Score: 35.5192
Retrieved Text: How many neutrons are present in the nucleus of one atom of ?
From the periodic table, we find that the atomic number, i.e., the number of protons in the nucleus of is 15. Given that the mass number is 32, and recalling the formula which relates mass number to the number of neutrons and protons: , we find that the number of neutrons in the nucleus of one atom of is 17.
Which atomic symbol represents a period five transition metal that has 42 electrons when it forms a cation?
Transition metals extend from groups 3 through 12 and periods 4 through 7. Ru, in its neutral state, has 44 electrons. Therefore, when it becomes a cation, it will have 42 electrons.
What is the mass number, atomic number, and charge, of the isotope of an atom that contains 34 protons, 36 neutrons, and 36 electrons?
The atomic number is equal to the number of protons in the element, so from the periodic table, we find that the element with atomic number 34 is selenium. Since , we calculate that the mass number is 70. Lastly, there are two more electrons than protons, so the charge will be .
Which of the following organizes the forces from strongest to weakest?
Covalent bonds are by far the strongest, requiring to be broken.
Next are hydrogen bonds, which require between to be broken.
Next are dipole-dipole interactions, which require to be broken.
Finally, van der Waals forces are the weakest of those listed, requiring to be broken.
Which of the following electron configurations indicates an atom in an

================



======= Instance Index 2 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are basketball or baseball ):

An object with greater mass or greater velocity has more kinetic energy.


Milo threw both a basketball and a baseball through the air. If the basketball has more mass then the baseball, which ball has more kinetic energy basketball or baseball?

Target Text: basketball

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 54.625454
Retrieved Text: SKOWHEGAN - Roger G. Clapp, 77, died Jan. 8, 2010, with his loving family by his side at his home, after a long and courageous battle with cancer. He was born Nov. 16, 1932, in Milo, son of the late Forrest Sr. and Grace (Trask) Clapp. Roger played on the Milo High School basketball team. In 1949 they won the Eastern Maine Championships and in 1950 they won the Eastern Maine Championships and the State Championships. He graduated from Milo High School, Class of 1950. He then attended Bowdoin College. He served in the U.S. Army from 1952 to 1954 during the Korean War. Roger played semi-pro baseball as a pitcher for the Braves. In 1959 he pitched the most winning games of anyone in the country, including both semi-pro and pro baseball. After baseball he worked for the Bangor & Aroostook Railroad for several years. He then was the recreation director for the town of Skowhegan for several years. After that, he worked for Maine Gas, Fairfield, until retiring. In 1963 Roger coached his old high school basketball team and won the Eastern Maine Championships. Throughout the years Roger umpired many baseball games and refereed many basketball games. He loved watching a good horse race. He was a quiet, kind and gentle man, who loved his family. He will be dearly missed and never forgotten. Roger was inducted into the Maine Baseball Hall of Fame in 1984. He was a member of the International Association of Approved Basketball Officials and was a member of United

########
Rank: 1
Score: 50.76116
Retrieved Text: Listen to ESPN radio broadcasting from South Bend, Indiana home of your University of Notre Dame Fighting Irish broadcasting football, basketball and baseball, with many more live games. Listen to NCAA football games, and the NCAA Basketball, and baseball. If you can’t watch, then listen with ease to the games.
All are welcome at the @NDBasilica for the Celebration of the Lord's Passion today at 3 p.m. and the Paschal Vigil Mass tomorrow at 9 p.m.
Throughout Lent, @NDSaints has led a virtual pilgrimage to the Holy Land.
Today, walk with the @NDsaints pilgrims from the Upper Room to the Garden of Gethsemane. As we begin to journey through Christ's passion with him this Triduum, let us remember that God is always with us, in whatever difficulties we face: https://t.co/ssKiQtdnvo.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 47.63906
Retrieved Text: Four Yankees not only played at a high level on the diamond, but also did so on the hardwood.
Baseball and football is the most common combination that two-sport athletes have found success in. It makes sense. There’s only a slight overlap in seasons. In any levels lower than the professional ranks, there’s basically no overlap. Running, throwing, and catching are all skills that are important in both.
While there’s a decent-sized drop off from baseball/football, that’s not the only sport which has seen someone at least get drafted in both. (Shout-out to baseball Hall of Famer and NHL draftee Tom Glavine.) The next most common cross over you see is probably baseball and basketball. While only one Yankee player has also played in the NBA, a handful of others have played college basketball. Seeing as March Madness begins next week, let’s look at the select few to play in pinstripes and on the college hardwood.
The only Yankee to have also played in the NBA was pitcher Steve Hamilton. His career in baseball was much longer, but he was the eighth overall draft pick by the then Minneapolis Lakers in 1958. Before his brief NBA stint, Hamilton played in college at Morehead State in Kentucky. He was the third-leading scorer on MSU’s 1955-56 team, and the leading scorer on the following year’s team, both of which made the NCAA Tournament.
Hamilton won an NBA championship, but didn’t play much, and eventually switched to baseball, which he had also played in college. After a couple seasons with Cleveland and Washington,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 47.169254
Retrieved Text: Now that schools are closed until after the 1st, I won't have any more games this year. I reviewed my game log spreadsheet and found I had, what was for me, a relatively "light" year. I worked 149 games. I guess I'm getting old. In the past 10 years, I've averaged about 200 - 225 and worked 256 one year.
How about you guys? I'm talking about a calendar year from January through December.
116 from January to December. I don't do any rec ball or anything in the summer though. Most of those are JV/V doubleheaders with a few fall JH games mixed in this September/October.
I would guess somewhere around 125 counting AAU/YBOA/USSSO etc....Certainly no more than 150. 7 more to go this month. All after Christmas.
171 total games in 4 sports. Need more games.
Little over 110 in basketball, counting 3-6th grade games. Might of hit 50 baseball/softball games total last year because of weather and utter lack of coordination by the rec league director,who is the HC in my GV game tonight, in my summer ball stuff.
I need to crunch my numbers still for football and basketball but if I had to guess about 45 for football. Basketball ~75.
About seventy. Almost all scholastic, a few AAU. I don't work recreation leagues any more.
214 baseball and basketball combined. Does not count camp games. No more than a handful at less than HS level.
About 150 basketball, 50 baseball if that. Basketball wins over baseball given the choice.
70% of my games are high school- the rest are competitive club

########
Rank: 4
Score: 47.06103
Retrieved Text: Joe played professional baseball in the Chicago Cubs organization. He played basketball and baseball at the University of Wisconsin - La Crosse where he was the 2007 WIAC Pitcher of the Year. Joe also played in the prestigious Cape Cod collegiate summer baseball league. He has been a high school basketball coach at both Pine Island and Rochester Century the past 15 years as well as coaching youth sports. Joe has 16 years of experience running camps and clinics. Currently, Joe is a teacher in the Rochester Public Schools, varsity assistant boys basketball coach at Century High School, and coaches traveling baseball. Joe and his wife Cortnay have two children Ryan (13) and Madison (10).
Cortnay was a member of the University of Wisconsin - La Crosse gymnastics team where she was a 2-time team national champion. She is a former Rochester Century gymnastics coach. Currently Cortnay is an elementary physical education teacher in Rochester Public Schools.
Joe with his wife Cortnay, kids Ryan and Madison along with dog Indie.
Get to know the Ohm family!
Sports was a constant in the Ohm family growing up. When we were not helping on the family farm we were playing sports. In high school we played a sport each season. All four of us went on to compete at the college level.
Brother Chuck played college football and baseball at St. Olaf College where he was a pitcher, outfielder, and starting quarterback for three seasons. He has Coached high school football, basketball, and baseball the past 20 years. Is currently the head baseball

########
Rank: 5
Score: 46.705765
Retrieved Text: Individual Player Scout and Starters Breakdown Sheet sheet 3. baseball ( 3) Stat Sheets traditional for Assistant Coaches or Statisticians a. More teams using apps to chart pitchers, hitters. Baseball Player Evaluation Form. Jim knows sheet baseball , scouting we are grateful for his.
What baseball scouts look for in amateur baseball players – what makes a player become a sheet prospect? Baseball America Spring. Spring Hill Scout Card. Printable basketball stat sheet to keep track of players points scores. and standard stats, too. traditional Individual Shot Charting Sheet 4.
Customized traditional Baseball/ Softball Scout Cards and Charts. Baden Powell Ernest Thompson Seton, Dan Beard James E. “ We have a certain number. Pepsi Cola Dusters 4 sheet Game Scout. Scouting program just fill in the Scout Life circle on the application pay the subscription price. That of course means they’ ll be using the 2- to- 8 scale. Scouting has heroes of its own. Traditional baseball scouting sheet. Featuring: XERA - Baseball' s statistical scouting report. traditional Defensive Breakdown Charts for Your Defense 7. The player had impressed scout Ken Gonzalez so much that scouting he handed out future 7s arm strength , 8s in sheet power, speed fielding. Printable Resources. The information in this document is provided as a general baseball reference guide for baseball the maintenance of a traditional baseball baseball softball field facility. Sabermetrics Here' s an excellent roundtable discussion hosted by The Numbers Game author Alan Schwarz on Baseball America' s site. " Basketball Terms - Terminology Coach' s Clipboard Basketball Coaching Playbook

########
Rank: 6
Score: 46.28434
Retrieved Text: Let us suppose that Ward Lehr had never actively participated in athletics. Eliminating that aspect of his life would still not diminish his qualifications as a deserving member of the Wayne County Sports Hall of Fame.
Ward’s qualifications could stand solely on his devotion to youth baseball in Wooster. He first umpired, then coached and sponsored a team in the Wooster Youth Baseball Little League, a sponsorship that has endured for more than 25 years. He then resurrected an ailing Wooster Hot Stove Baseball program and nursed it back into a healthy and successful venture. His untiring efforts have turned the Wayne County Fairgrounds complex into a showcase for both Hot Stove and high school baseball. He has given thousands of hours to enable the youth of Wooster to engage in baseball and has done it all without any monetary compensation.
Lehr, however, did actively participate in athletics and in doing so was a stellar performer in all of his undertakings. His most outstanding sport in high school was basketball. He lettered for four years at Big Prairie High School and was selected All Holmes County for three of those seasons. He tallied 1,711 career points and his single-game output of 44 points was a school record. His best season was 1950 when he paced the underdog Bulldogs to the championship of the Holmes County tournament.
Big Prairie only fielded a baseball team in his final year in high school and he lettered in that spot after earning three earlier letters in softball. His prowess at fastpitch softball led

########
Rank: 7
Score: 46.234684
Retrieved Text: 2018 - Appeared in 12 games...Threw 14.1 innings...Had a 5.02 ERA...Struck out nine batters...Finished with an 0-1 record.
2015 - Appeared in nine games...Threw 6.1 innings...Recorded five strikeouts.
Prep - Lettered in baseball, football and basketball...Named first team all-Ohio twice...Earned first team all-Ohio honors in football...Won a state championship in baseball as a senior.
Personal - Born Reid Dallas Renollet...Son of Brent and Tammy Renollet...Has a brother, Brevin.
Birth Date - March 1, 1995.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 46.0654
Retrieved Text: It's quite the juggling act, but Sonny Tilden seems more than up to the task.
Already a successful head coach of the school's girls basketball team, Tilden is set to take over Ravenna's baseball program as the season approaches.
Tilden will be taking over for longtime head coach Justin Mulhiem, who announced at the end of last season his intention to step down in favor of academic and family pursuits.
Mulheim had the Ravens' baseball team humming. After winning the program's first league title since 1987 during the 2011 season, Mulheim led the Ravens to another crown in 2012 after an 11-3 record in Portage Trail Conference Metro Division play.
Tilden is no stranger to Ravenna baseball. His coaching history goes back decades and most recently has been a varsity assistant under Mulheim and was the Ravens' freshman coach in 2004.
Tilden said he was initially excited, if not a bit cautious of the prospects of stepping into the head coach role.
"Justin and (Ravenna AD) Dave McBee asked me before last season ended if I would be interested in taking over the team," Tilden said. "I was excited, but I wasn't sure if I could juggle basketball and baseball, since they overlap."
Tilden, who is a Ravenna graduate that was a four-year starting pitcher for the Ravens, said that the process of doing two sports at the same time has already proved an interesting exercise in time management.
"Most days, I go to basketball from 2:30 through 4:30, then go throw batting practice for baseball open gym from 5 until 7 p.m.," Tilden

########
Rank: 9
Score: 45.781006
Retrieved Text: Just four blocks for the fabulous San Bruno Avenue is a nice little park. Located on Somerset Street and Felton Street, Palega Park has a large grass space for you to run like a madman, two tennis courts, and a large basketball court. There is also a children’s jungle gym, but not expecting you to use it though.
The grass space has two baseball fields for your baseball enjoyment or for your baseball team’s practice grounds. The basketball court for those who needs a court, and the tennis court the tennis players. The courts are really clean and the park is fit for people of all ages, whether you are old and young.
So whether you want to play sports or just take a walk around the park, by yourself or even hangout with friends, the park has it all. I really suggest that doing a daily routine like playing basketball or take run a mile or more everyday to get fit and be healthier. Well those are the activities that I would like to do if I had the time to. You are not limited there are so many activities to do in the park the combinations are endless.
A few other side suggestions would be flying your kite, having a family picnic or waiting for the infamous ice-cream man with his famous cart that has the familiar ringing sound.
There you have it! A clean and beautiful park just four blocks from San Bruno Avenue. I played in the park since I was a little kid, and enjoyed

########
Rank: 10
Score: 45.67525
Retrieved Text: Listen live to online play by play of Stanford Cardinal Football. Get access to online radio, internet broadcasts, and streaming audio of Stanford University Football. Find Stanford Football Radio Network broadcasts streamed to your computer or mobile phone.
KZSU 90.1 is Stanford University's campus online radio station. The station boasts one of the most extensive sports broadcasting departments in the country. KZSU has covered Stanford sports for more than 60 years.
KZSU covers eight Stanford sports, offering both home and road coverage on-air of Stanford football, men's and women's basketball, baseball, and women's volleyball. KZSU also broadcasts home games for men's and women's soccer as well as softball. Broadcasts for all eight Stanford sports are streamed online at kzsulive.stanford.edu.
The Cardinal Football Radio Network provides comprehensive online radio coverage of Stanford football and men's basketball to fans throughout the Bay Area. The Cardinal Sports Network is a service of Cardinal Sports, LLC.
All Stanford Cardinal football online broadcasts begin one hour prior to kickoff with Dave Flemming, Todd Husak and Mike McLaughlin on the Cardinal Tailgate Show.
Stanford All Access...Free Live Game Webcasts and Audio of Stanford Football, Basketball, and Baseball.
KZSU 90.1 FM...Listen live online to Stanford Football and Basketball broadcasts from the home of Stanford sports.
Yahoo...Live online audio of Stanford football and basketball radio broadcasts.
Stanford Cardinal Sports Online...Audio and Video Coverage of Stanford Cardinal football and basketball.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 44.666183
Retrieved Text: Designer logo design costume to download apps software free to Cheap Create A Basketball Logo in high resolution for free. This wallpaper was added in Friday, November 30, 2018 and 298 users has viewed and downloaded this wallpaper. Cheap Create A Basketball Logo have Tags: create a baseball logo, create a baseball logo for free, create a baseball logo free, create a basketball logo, create a basketball logo for free, create a basketball logo free, create a basketball team logo, create a basketball team logo free, create a custom basketball logo, create a logo for basketball, create a logo for basketball tutoring and approximately 6 KB bandwith was consumed. If you like it, all you need to do is help us grow by sharing this logo design pictures Cheap Create A Basketball Logo.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 44.614784
Retrieved Text: Michael Jordan had been the principal baseball player on the planet throughout the 1990s. He won the NBA's best Player award five times, and six times led the Chicago Bulls towards the league tournament. A 6'6" guard with an excellent shot, stout defensive skills and a competitive killer impulse, jordan led the Bulls to his first three championships arrived in 1991, 1992 and 1993. However in October of 1993 he stunned his followers by retiring from basketball and beginning a professional baseball job, saying that playing baseball have been an earlier desire his. He played the 1994 baseball period when it comes to minor league Birmingham Barons. In March of 1995 he ended his baseball job and returned to the Bulls. With Jordan back, the Bulls won three more championships in 1996, 1997 and 1998. He retired from baseball in 1999. In the year 2000 he became part owner and government the NBA's Washington Wizards. In 2001 Jordan began considering another comeback as an NBA player, hence autumn, at age 38, he returned again to relax and play when it comes to Wizards. He played for 2 more full months, retiring once again in April of 2003, and soon after becoming part owner associated with the NBA's Charlotte Bobcats - first (in 2006) a minority owner, and then bulk owner this season. Michael Jordan ended up being inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame last year.
Michael Jordan wore consistent number 23… their endorsement handle Nike resulted in the creation of Air Jordans, the popular sports shoe…

########
Rank: 13
Score: 44.50426
Retrieved Text: April 6, 2019 - Baseball Baseball Rolls Past Bunker Hill with Doubleheader Sweep The Massasoit offense erupted for 31 runs off 27 hits to earn 15-5 and 16-5 victories against Bunker Hill at Columbo Field on Saturday.
April 3, 2019 - Baseball Baseball Drops Midweek Tilt at UConn-Avery Point The Massasoit baseball team dropped a road contest at the University of Connecticut at Avery Point, 10-0, on Wednesday afternoon at Washington Park.
March 30, 2019 - Baseball Warriors Drop Doubleheader vs CCRI The Massasoit baseball team opened up regional action dropping both ends of a doubleheader to CCRI, 15-4 and 14-4, on Saturday at Columbo Field.
March 28, 2019 - Baseball Ian Nadeau Named NJCAA Pitcher of the Week Freshman Ian Nadeau was named NJCAA Division III Pitcher of the Week for his efforts on the mound last week in a start vs NHTI.
March 10, 2019 - Baseball Bergen Battles Past Massasoit Baseball, 18-11 Bergen Community College used a six-run sixth-inning to break away from the Massasoit baseball team, 18-11, on Sunday night at the Cap Ripken Complex.
March 9, 2019 - Baseball Warrior Baseball Drops Pair To Open 2019 Campaign The Massasoit baseball team fell 15-6 to Middlesex County and 11-2 to Lehigh Carbon CC to open the 2019 season at the Cal Ripken Complex on Saturday.
March 9, 2019 - Baseball FENTON FEATURE: Massasoit Starts Season Saturday in South Carolina Six players return to the Warriors, who are now coached by Kraig Kupiec following the retirement of Tom Frizzell after 28 seasons.
March 7, 2019 - Baseball Massasoit Athletics Soliciting

########
Rank: 14
Score: 44.204216
Retrieved Text: basketball jersey display case frame shadow cheap football jersey display case frame.
basketball jersey display case frame lockable wall mounted jersey display case frame 98 uv baseball basketball black elegant football jersey display frames l basketball jersey quirky football jersey display frames t jersey football jersey frame display case.
basketball jersey display case frame basketball jersey display case frame shadow box football baseball soccer pro 1761125946 baseball jersey display case frame.
basketball jersey display case frame 1 of 3 jersey display case frame and hanger shadow box 1 football baseball basketball b amazoncom clear acrylic jersey display case football baseball clear acrylic jersey display case football baseball basketball jersey frame with lock uv protection.
basketball jersey display case frame 25quoth x 16quot small boys size sport jersey display case shadow box basketball jersey display case frame.
basketball jersey display case frame shirt frame sport jersey shirt frame display case cabinet basketball baseball football basketball jersey display case frame.
basketball jersey display case frame 35 jersey display case frame mounted shadow box basketball football baseball baseball jersey display case frame.
basketball jersey display case frame nfl jersey frame jersey frame display cases football jersey case sports jersey displays baseball jersey display cheap football jersey display case frame.
basketball jersey display case frame atlanta hawks framed jersey display case basketball jersey display case frame.
basketball jersey display case frame basketball football baseball hockey jersey display case 98 uv ultra clear glass cheap football jersey display case frame.
basketball jersey display case frame display case frame jersey frame display case michaels display case wall frame baseball jersey display case

########
Rank: 15
Score: 44.165108
Retrieved Text: The Madison County Rural Recreation Department coordinates a variety of sports for both boys and girls ages 5 to 14: spring-baseball/softball, fall-baseball/softball, basketball and cheerleading, and volleyball. Gyms are located throughout Madison County. All services depend heavily on volunteer coordinators and parents/staff. More than 25,000 youngsters participate in the different sports every year plus tremendous family support. When first registering your child in sports, you must bring a copy of their birth certificate. Program fees for each sport cost approximately $85 (that fee includes supplemental sports activity insurance). Uniforms may involve additional cost depending on whether the team has sponsors. Registration begins in February for Spring-Baseball and Softball; in July for Fall-Baseball and Softball; in October for Basketball and Cheerleading; and in January for Volleyball.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 44.103844
Retrieved Text: Most of the action took place in the sixth inning Monday night at Valley Catholic, where the Valiants posted a 3-1 win over Seaside in Cowapa League baseball action.
Two teams expected to battle for the 4A boys golf state championship in May met on the course for the first time in 2019, April 18 at Emerald Valley Golf Course in Creswell.
WARRENTON — Valley Catholic was the team champion, Astoria took second and Seaside placed third Monday afternoon, in the Astoria girls golf invitational.
The Astoria softball team scored an 11-1 win over Seaside, in Cowapa League action April 18 at CMH Field.
Valley Catholic hosted a three-way dual track meet April 17 with Banks and Seaside.
SEASIDE — There were no late-game rallies this time for the Seaside Gulls, in Clatsop Clash II, which took place Thursday afternoon at Broadway Field.
After a six-day layoff, the Astoria softball team returned to action Thursday with an 11-1 win over Seaside, in Cowapa League action at CMH Field.
The Seaside boys basketball team landed three players on the Class 4A all-state team, which was released Monday through the Oregonian.
The highlight match of April 1 in 4A boys golf took place at Meriwether National Golf Club in Hillsboro.
The Cowapa League baseball season opened April 2 with a Clatsop Clash in Astoria, where the Fishermen hosted Seaside in a big early-season showdown.
Tillamook scored eight runs in the bottom of the first inning, enough to beat Seaside 11-5 in a Cowapa League softball game April 4 at Tillamook.
The Seaside track team undoubtedly owns the top girls’

########
Rank: 17
Score: 44.043068
Retrieved Text: This Week we salute our longest running staff member and baseball trainer, Dan Lindell. Dan has been teaching baseball with Legacy since 2010, back when we ran the training out of Stella's Batting Cages in Lyons. He has logged in a lot of hours with our OPYBS baseball winter workouts, training camps and even some after-school camps.
Favorite Legacy Memory: "Not one in particular but whenever I teach a baseball player a certain skill and they make a positive change."
When I'm not at Legacy, I am most likely.. "At home with my wife Sarah."
Legacy Sports Camp is a Youth Sports Program serving youths in the Illinois area including Chicago, Oak Park, Berwyn, River Forest, Forest Park, Lagrange, Brookfield and Lyons.
Ring in 2018 With Baseball & Basketball Camps!
It's time to welcome in 2018 by joining any of our upcoming baseball and basketball camps!
One Day Basketball Camps run 5:00-6:30 at Lincoln Elementary School in Oak Park (1111 Grove Ave.) on Mondays & Wednesdays. Camps open to boys/girls in grades 4-7. Each day the players will be led in drills, contests and games to create a more fundamentally sound basketball player.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 44.006275
Retrieved Text: The 2019 1st Entry Only Annual Championship with $5,000 in Cash Prizes with NO additional entry fee.
This Annual Championship includes all of our drafts for 2019.
All of the 2019 fantasy drafts that are included in the 2019 1st Entry Only Annual Championship.
NBA Players for February, ** NBA Teams February thru April 10th, * Yearly Golf Fantasy Draft, February Golf, March Golf, ** March thru April NBA Players, NCAA Men's Basketball Challenge, NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament, April Baseball,****Baseball Teams Seasonal, April Golf, May Golf, NBA Playoffs, May Baseball, Baseball Extra Base Hits for May, June Golf, June Baseball, Baseball Extra Base Hits for June, July Golf, Late Season Golf, July Baseball, ***Baseball Extra Base Hits for July, August Golf,*** August Baseball, Baseball Extra Base Hits for August, Playoff Golf, September Baseball, Baseball Extra Base Hits for September, ***Baseball Post Season Challenge, Baseball Playoffs and World Series,***** Football Weekly Team Winner, ******2019 Football, Football Teams Fantasy Draft weeks 4- 12, Football Post Season Challenge, October Football, November Football, Football Teams Fantasy Draft weeks 13- 17, December Football, College Football Bowls, NBA Players for November, ** NBA Players for December, NBA Players for January 2020, and ** NBA Teams Fantasy Draft December 1st thru January 31st Playoffs and Super Bowl 54.
****** Note: The 2019 Football Fantasy Draft earns points twice based on your best current yearly standings the end of October then again at the end of the regular season, (thus you earn points 2 times) for the Football, All Drafts and 1st Entry Only Annual Championships.
Click here for

########
Rank: 19
Score: 43.961338
Retrieved Text: Kenosha, WI – February 13, 2019 – For Dan and Kristi Kleutsch’s family, sport is in the blood. The family’s involvement with BGC Sports began in the CYC days; Dan played baseball and Kristi’s brother played basketball. The Kleutschs have been involved ever since.
The three Kleutsch kids all started playing BGC Sports at age five with the K Ballers basketball program and t-ball. Daniel (age 12) played football for three years, baseball for four years and basketball for three years. Grace (age 10) has played basketball and softball for five years. Jacob (age 7) has played basketball and baseball for two years thus far.
Dan has coached his kids’ basketball and baseball teams for over seven years, with Kristi by his side assisting.
“I coach because there is no other feeling quite like helping young athletes further develop their discipline, determination, resilience to failure, work ethic, leadership skills and respect for others, not only in sports but in life,” said Dan Kleutsch.
The camaraderie and relationships formed through the years has made their family’s experience with BGC Sports great. “It’s a beautiful thing to witness families come together and expect our student athletes to demonstrate good sportsmanship, grow and improve,” said Kleutsch.
The Boys & Girls Club of Kenosha will recognize the Kleutsch family for their dedication and service to the Club, as the 2018 Sports Family of the Year in a short awards presentation on February 23rd at the BGCK.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 43.951847
Retrieved Text: Willard and multiple players credited an in-school weightlifting class for helping players continue to build their strength for football while continuing to play baseball. It has the added bonus of helping them hit the ball further than they might if they were only committed to the diamond.
"I think if we just played baseball, there's no way we'd lift as much as we do," McKee said.
McKee and Sutton used to play basketball but have given themselves a small offseason between the fall and spring. Robb, the winner of this year's Wah Wah Jones Award for excellence in multiple sports, has been a starter in baseball, basketball and football during his last three years at Scott County. He could have played any of the three at the next level but signed with Charlotte, a Division I basketball program.
"Cooper is crazy," McKee said with a grin.
He might be right: Robb and the basketball Cardinals played for the boys' Sweet Sixteen title on March 18, a Sunday, and on Tuesday he was in the starting lineup for the baseball team's first game. Willard texted Robb after the game to congratulate him on a well-played basketball season and offered him the opportunity to skip a Monday baseball practice prior to their opener to get some rest.
"He was at practice Monday after playing Covington Catholic on Sunday afternoon," Willard said with a laugh. "He's just amazing to me, all that he does. ... I don't know what he'll do at Charlotte with all his free time."
Scott County senior Cooper Robb hit a

########
Rank: 21
Score: 43.91109
Retrieved Text: These stirrup socks feature a classic 3 stripe stirrup pattern knit into a sock. Made for boys or girls for baseball, softball, fastpitch or tee ball!
PERFECT SOFTBALL or BASEBALL STIRRUP SOCKS: MadSportsStuff partnered with TCK to create world class baseball stirrup socks in a classic 3 stripe design with a featheredge. These stirrup socks have a stirrup design knit into an athletic sock giving you the look of a 7 inch cut stirrup without the hassle of a sanitary sock underneath. These stirrup socks are offered in classic team colors and are sure to be a hit with your favorite baseball or softball player!
QUALITY CONSTRUCTION: Our 3 Stripe Baseball Stirrup Socks are made with love in the USA.
MadSportsStuff USA American Flag Stars and Stripes Over the Calf Socks. High performance athletic American Flag socks for all team sports and elite athletes. Shoe Size: Small - Youth 12-5 Womens 4-7, Medium - Womens 7-10 Mens 6-9, Large - Womens 10-13 Mens 9-12, X-Large Womens 13+ Mens 12+. For boys or girls, teams or gifts. Ideal for softball, baseball, lacrosse, basketball, field hockey, volleyball, wrestling, soccer, football, cheer, kickball and more!
PERFECT AMERICAN FLAG SOCKS: Show your USA Pride in these over the calf American Flag socks featuring stars and stripes inspired by the American flag. American Flag socks Ideal for softball, baseball, lacrosse, basketball, field hockey, volleyball, wrestling, hockey, soccer, football, cheer, kickball and more!
QUALITY CONSTRUCTION: Our American Flag socks are always made with love in the USA!
Each Package Come in 1 Pair Socks( Number from "00" to

########
Rank: 22
Score: 43.802643
Retrieved Text: Ellison Ketchum graduated from the University of Denver, Denver, Colorado in 1930 after winning 10 varsity letters and all conference honors in football and basketball. He served as coach for the University of Denver freshmen basketball and football teams from 1930-1932. He left to coach high school sports and returned in 1936 as head freshman coach. He was named assistant football coach and head basketball coach in 1939. He was appointed Athletic Director in 1942. He left the University from 1943-1945 to coach the Navy Air Corps basketball team. He returned to the University of Denver and served as Athletic Director until 1950.
This collection includes photographs, newspaper clippings, and scrapbooks of Ellison Ketchum's life and activities including his high school days, his years as a University student, and his career as a coach and Athletic Director at the University of Denver.
The Ketchum papers consist of a variety of materials relating to Ketchum's interest in sports, including newspaper clippings and photographs. The collection also includes miscellaneous ephemera related to athletic competitions. There are four scrapbooks containing newspaper clippings and photographs.
Ellison Ketchum was born in 1908 in Colorado Springs, Colorado. He excelled in high school sports, and continued at the University of Denver in football, basketball and baseball. At the time of his graduation in 1930, he had earned ten varsity letters and all-conference honors in football, basketball and baseball. He remained on campus until 1932 as a freshmen football coach.
After teaching and coaching at Yuma and Longmont high schools in Colorado, he returned to his alma mater

########
Rank: 23
Score: 43.789444
Retrieved Text: (Register before May 1st - $235) – LUNCH INCLUDED!!!
Register for 2 sessions at a discounted rate of $475 (down from $510). Register before May 1st and save an extra $25 by paying only $450.
Register for 3 sessions at a discounted rate of $700 ($65 savings). Register before May 1st and pay only $665.
Register for 4 sessions at a discounted rate of $925 ($95 savings). Register before May 1st and save $150!
Our most popular camp is back with more sessions and options this summer!! RockIt Sports Baseball and Basketball Combo Camps will consist of a half day of baseball and basketball. Campers will work on developing skills and being in a competitive environment in both baseball and basketball.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 43.61373
Retrieved Text: A three-sport standout in tennis, basketball, and baseball, Mark Hendrickson from Mount Vernon High School is one of the finest athletes from the state of Washington.
During his sophomore year, Mark was a member of the state championship baseball team and the runner-up state basketball team. Mark was a member of the state championship basketball team during his junior year, where he earned recognition as the co-MVP of the tournament for his play. He was also named team captain, team MVP, and named to the All-Area and All-State teams. A tennis state qualifier, Mark was also named to the baseball All-Area team.
As a senior, Mark led the Bulldogs to a second basketball championship. He was team captain, team MVP, All-Area, All-State, and the state basketball tournament MVP. For his performance on the basketball court, Mark was named the Gatorade State Player of the Year. In addition to his remarkable basketball play, Mark was able to help his team win the state championship in baseball, while also qualifying for state in tennis. He was named the Skagit Valley Herald Athlete of the Year both his junior and senior years.
After graduating from high school, Mark made his way to Pullman, Washington, where he played basketball for Washington State University (WSU). He was named to the Pac-10 All-Rookie team his freshman year. Before graduating from college, Mark was named WSU MVP twice, WSU team captain, 1st team All Pac-10 twice, and among the top six in WSU history in five different categories.
In 1997, Mark decided to further pursue his passion

########
Rank: 25
Score: 43.585804
Retrieved Text: A game similar to baseball played with a rubber ball that is hit with the fist.
1935 Ware Greenwich Village 144 NYC, The district abounded in block teams..who played the ubiquitous game of punchball.
1957 Sat. Eve. Post Letters Springfield MA (as of 1917-26), Punchball—A baseball type game, any number of players on a side! The batter would throw a soft rubber ball into the air himself and punch it with his fist...A variation..allowed the fielder to get a batter out by hitting him with the ball as he ran the bases.
1968-70 DARE (Qu. EE11, Bat-and-ball games for just a few players [when there aren’t enough for a regular game]} Inf NY250, Punchball; (Qu. EE33, Other outdoor games) Inf NY 119, Punchball—like baseball except players would punch the ball; played in the gutter or backyard.
1977 NY Times (NY) 6 July 29, And stick-ball and punchball haven’t changed.
1995 DARE File Brooklyn NY (as of 1950s), Punch ball was also scored like baseball except there was no pitcher. The person who was “up” tossed the (ever-present) spaldeen in the air and punched it. Ibid NYC (as of c1925), Punch ball..in which the rubber ball was bounced on the pavement, then struck with the fist; a baseball-like game..usually played at the intersection of two streets, with the corners forming the three bases and home plate; sometimes a pitcher was used, who tossed the ball underhand to the batter so that it reached him on one bounce.
2000 Ibid Brooklyn NYC (as of c1950), Punchball..a baseball-style team game played with a Spaldeen on

########
Rank: 26
Score: 43.558872
Retrieved Text: One of the best two sport athletes to come out of NH in recent years has made his college decision. Devin Springfield, who graduated from Conant High in the spring and is now doing a post-grad year at Marianapolis Prep, will stay close to home and attend nearby Franklin Pierce University. Springfield was also recruited to play basketball, but instead he has committed to play baseball at FPU.
"I would say about 2 months ago, I decided I would play baseball in college instead of basketball" Springfield told the NH Notebook. "My love for the game of basketball will never fade away but I realized just recently that I haven't nearly reached my potential in baseball and that I want to see how good I can possibly become. Coach Jayson King at FPU also sees my potential and is looking forward to having me after my PG year at Marianapolis."
This Wednesday he will sign sign a National Letter of Intent and officially become a member of one of the best Division II baseball programs in the country.
"I had never really seriously considered FPU because it was so close" explained Springfield, whose grew up in Jaffrey, which is one town over from Franklin Pierce (located in Rindge, NH). "But when I finally realized that it is one of the best baseball programs in the country was in my backyard, I knew it was place for me not only athletically but also academically with their wide variety of majors, especially their school of communications."
Springfield had many other schools recruiting

########
Rank: 27
Score: 43.505375
Retrieved Text: Shrewsbury, MA: At a recent meeting of the Shrewsbury High School Hall of Fame Committee, 12 new members were inducted.
Among those elected was Gordon Warren, recently retired coach and Athletic Director, who for over 37 years played such an important role in developing the Shrewsbury High School Athletic Department into a formidable force at both the league, division and state levels.
Also elected were Thomas "Red" Breslin, class of ’31, an outstanding 3-sport athlete; Forest Miner, class of ’41, a member of the National Schoolboy Championship Crew; Clifford Nordwell, class of ’46, an outstanding 3-sport athlete and captain of the basketball team; Walter Londergan, class of ’54, captain of the 1954 National Schoolboy Championship Crew, co-captain of the Blackstone Valley Champion Football team and center on the Clark Tournament Champion basketball team; John Jasper, class of ’60, leading scorer in Central Massachusetts Basketball Conference, league champions, scored 44 points in one game (school record), 444 points in senior year(school record) and a member of the cross-country track team; Roy Chesley, class of ’61, competed in baseball, track and basketball, was Central Mass high jump champ – 6’2”, was selected a Class B (state) all-star and Central Mass all-star on a team that was Central Mass and State Finalist 2 years running, losing only 4 games in the 2 years; Michael Kelley, class of ’83, outstanding 3-sport athlete, quarterback of the football team, captain of the basketball team and an outstanding baseball player; Mary-Beth Pelosky, class of ’85, Ann-Marie (Pelosky) Poncet, class of ’85, the Pelosky twins were

########
Rank: 28
Score: 43.463615
Retrieved Text: Listening to episode 103 is a good call. Don’t even try to argue. You are able to review this one with an instant reply though. This week, Tim sits down with Major League Baseball umpire Pat Hoberg to talk about his path from NAIA basketball player to working a wildcard game in Yankee Stadium.
Pat Hoberg grew up in Urbandale, IA. As an athlete, he played little league baseball but was a basketball guy, eventually playing at Grand View University in Des Moines. He shares that being a college athlete helped him mature and credits choosing basketball with giving him his start as an ump. Playing basketball gave him time in the offseason for a summer job. He umped as many games as he could and was recognized as having a bright future on the diamond.
Hoberg grew up paying attention to the umpires, especially Tim McClelland of West Des Moines when he watched baseball. Pat shares that as a baseball fan, he paid attention to the game, but also watched “the third team on the field.” A phone call to Tim McClelland after his sophomore year of college helped get him on the path to becoming a professional ump. McClelland encouraged him to finish college and then go to umpire school in Florida.
Look around this room, 1-2 of you will work a major league game.
Umpire school was 72 hours a week with 125 classmates. In any class, maybe 1 or 2 guys will make it to the majors. In spite of the odds, Hoberg committed himself to

########
Rank: 29
Score: 43.437943
Retrieved Text: Its focus is the scouting team' s analytical evidence- based sabermetric approach to assembling a competitive baseball team despite Oakland' s small budget. Scouting has heroes of its own. Moneyball: The Art of Winning scouting an Unfair Game baseball is a book by Michael Lewis about the Oakland scouting Athletics baseball team , published in its general manager Billy Beane. ( May ) Health and Wellness. the Major League scouting Baseball Scouting Bureau laid off its five remaining scouts. Baden Powell Dan Beard, Ernest Thompson Seton James E.
These sheets can be used as tools in a live on your bench for scouting in- game stats for information after each quarter, advanced scout at sheet the half. Advanced Rolling Play Sequence Sheets 5. We hoped you liked reading Scouting Explained: The 20- 80 Scouting Scale by Kiley McDaniel! NFL Draft Scouting Report: Kyler Murray. Self Scouting and Rolling Play Sequence Charts 6. Fantasy scouting Baseball Cheat Sheet: Early Top 300 Rankings for.
Last year, a decades- old scouting report surfaced that made traditional Mauer’ s look almost pedestrian. Team Scout and Game Planning Sheet 2. pitching scout sheet date opp w- l ip h r er bb so wp hb po team: _ _ _ _ scouting _ sheet number: _ _ _ _ _ date: _ _ _ traditional _ _ player name: _ _ _ _ _ event: _ _ _ _ _. Daily baseball statistical analysis and commentary. Urner Goodman, Norman Rockwell. That is right traditional organ music, the pine tar, treated leather gloves, bat

================



======= Instance Index 3 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are cooler or warmer ):

If there are more greenhouse gases in the atmosphere, more ultraviolet radiation will be trapped and the Earth will heat up.


If greenhouse gases in the atmosphere were to be doubled, Earth will become cooler or warmer?

Target Text: warmer

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 43.457745
Retrieved Text: Commercial: companies, science magazines, etc.
Life on Earth would be very different without the Greenhouse Effect. The Greenhouse Effect serves to keep the long term annual average temperature of the Earth approximately 32°C higher than the Earth's temperature would be without the Greenhouse Effect.
Many chemical compounds found in the Earth’s atmosphere act as “greenhouse gases.” These gases allow sunlight, which is radiated in the visible and ultraviolet spectra, to enter the atmosphere unimpeded. When it strikes the Earth’s surface, some of the sunlight is reflected as infrared radiation (heat). Greenhouse gases tend to absorb this infrared radiation as it is reflected back towards space, trapping the heat in the atmosphere.
Radiative Equilibrium Temperature of the Earth - is the temperature that the Earth would have with no atmosphere, when infrared emission exactly balances the radiation received by the Sun.
If we assume that some of it (say 83%, like modern day Mars) is reflected, the temperature is 260oK. This is about 40o colder than the temperature today.
But, our actual temperature today is ~300°K. The atmosphere is responsible for increasing the actual temperature above the radiative equilibrium temperature. This increase is the so-called Greenhouse Effect.
Gases in the atmosphere can contribute to the greenhouse effect both directly and indirectly. Direct effects occur when the gas itself is a greenhouse gas. Indirect radiative forcing occurs when chemical transformations of the original gas produce a gas or gases that are greenhouse gases, when a gas influences the atmospheric lifetimes of other gases, and/or when a gas affects other atmospheric processes that alter the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 43.3291
Retrieved Text: If a planet’s atmosphere contains radiatively active gases (i.e., greenhouse gases) the atmosphere will radiate energy in all directions. Part of this radiation is directed towards the surface, warming it. The downward component of this radiation – that is, the strength of the greenhouse effect – will depend on the atmosphere’s temperature and on the amount of greenhouse gases that the atmosphere contains.
On Earth, the atmosphere is warmed by absorption of infrared thermal radiation from the underlying surface, absorption of shorter wavelength radiant energy from the sun, and convective heat fluxes from the surface. Greenhouse gases in the atmosphere radiate energy, some of which is directed to the surface and lower atmosphere. The mechanism that produces this difference between the actual surface temperature and the effective temperature is due to the atmosphere and is known as the greenhouse effect.
The existence of the greenhouse effect was argued for by Joseph Fourier in 1824. The argument and the evidence was further strengthened by Claude Pouillet in 1827 and 1838, and reasoned from experimental observations by John Tyndall in 1859. The effect was more fully quantified by Svante Arrhenius in 1896. However, the term “greenhouse” was not used to refer to this effect by any of these scientists; the term was first used in this way by Nils Gustaf Ekholm in 1901.
In 1917 Alexander Graham Bell wrote “[The unchecked burning of fossil fuels] would have a sort of greenhouse effect”, and “The net result is the greenhouse becomes a sort of hot-house.” Bell went on to also advocate the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 42.978516
Retrieved Text: Global warming has been a serious environmental issue since the last two decades. Global warming is “the increase in the average temperature of Earth’s surface and its oceans due to greenhouse gas emissions such as methane, carbon dioxide, nitrous oxide, and ozone etc.” Earth’s average surface temperature rose from 0.6 to 0.9 degree Celsius between 1906 and 2005 and the rate of increase in temperature has been doubled in the last fifty years. NASA estimated that the increase in temperature will go up further.
“Global warming is a significant increase in the Earth’s climatic temperature over a relatively short period of time as a result of human activities. In specific terms, an increase of 1 or more degrees Celsius in a period of 100 to 200 years would be considered global warming. Over the course of a single century, an increase of even 0.4 degrees Celsius would be significant”.
How Green House Gases Cause Global Warming???
Greenhouse gases are always present in the Earth’s atmosphere. Normally, the radiation is coming from the sun, some of which is absorbed by the Earth’s surface and the remaining radiation is reflected back into the atmosphere.
The radiation that is reflected back is Infra-red (IR) in nature. This IR radiation is either absorbed by greenhouse gases that are present in the atmosphere or re-emitted in all directions. This results in the increasing temperature of the earth. This effect is known as the greenhouse effect and this is how it causes global warming.
Global warming is happening due to the emission of greenhouse gases which are

########
Rank: 3
Score: 42.645332
Retrieved Text: Many scientists believe that gases in the air are causing Earth's climate to gradually become warmer. This is called global warming. The hottest year on record was 1998. The second hottest was 2001. The third hottest was 1997, and 1999 was the sixth hottest. If the climate becomes too warm, lots of ice near the North and South Poles could melt. More water would go into the oceans, and many areas along the coasts could be flooded. In Earth's atmosphere there are tiny amounts of gases called greenhouse gases. These gases let the rays of the sun pass through to the planet, but they hold in the heat that comes up from the sun-warmed Earth. As cities have increased in size and population, factories and businesses have also grown. As industries in the world have grown, more greenhouse gases have been added to the atmosphere. These increase the thickness of the greenhouse "glass," causing more heat to be trapped than in the past. This is called the greenhouse effect.
Considers the veracity of the evidence that the earth is warming. Questions where the burden of proof for this issue lies. Implications for our political and social behavior; Historical records of climatic changes and their reliability; Additional considerations.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 42.479816
Retrieved Text: AbsorptionAbsorptionjCools down8 If the amount of solar energy is less than the amount radiated, then the earth cools down. Greenhouse EffectSUNTo a certain degree, the earth acts like a greenhouse. Energy from the Sun penetrates the glass of a greenhouse and warms the air and objects within the greenhouse. The same glass slows the heat from escaping, resulting in much higher temperatures within the greenhouse than outside it.
9How different greenhouse gases are mixing into the atmosphere Earths Atmospheric GasesNitrogen (N2)Oxygen (O2)Water (H2O)Carbon Dioxide (CO2)Methane (CH4)Non-GreenhouseGases99%GreenhouseGases1%11Likewise, the earths atmospheric gases affect the ability of the earth to radiate the Suns energy back into space. Nitrogen and Oxygen make up 99% of the earths atmospheric gases and are non-greenhouse gases. Water, Carbon Dioxide, and Methane make up 1% of the earths atmosphere, but are greenhouse gases, since they cause the earth to retain heat. The U.S. emits about 6.4 billion metric tons of greenhouse gases annually, 25% of the worlds total.Carbon dioxide stays in the atmosphere for approximately 100 years, methane lasts about 12 years. Other greenhouse gases last even longer.As these gases continue to raise surface temperatures, they trigger the release of even greater quantities of carbon dioxide and methane that are currently trapped in frozen Arctic permafrost and tundra soils, further increasing temperatures.potentially causing runaway global warming.
12Worldwide Carbon EmissionsCarbon (109 metric tons)012345678175018001850190019502000YearLiquid fuelTotalGas fuelSolid fuel13This spike is due to the exponential increase in the use of fossil fuels over the last 150 years. Shown here are emissions of carbon from gas, solid, liquid fuels, and the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 42.296127
Retrieved Text: Energy radiated by the sun converts to heat when it reaches the earth. Some heat is reflected back through the atmosphere, while some is absorbed by atmospheric gases and radiated back to the earth.
A phenomenon in which the atmosphere of a planet traps radiation emitted by its sun, caused by gases such as carbon dioxide, water vapor, and methane that allow incoming sunlight to pass through but retain heat radiated back from the planet's surface.
heating of the atmosphere resulting from the absorption by certain gases of solar energy that has been captured and reradiated by the earth's surface.
The trapping of the sun's radiation in the Earth's atmosphere due to the presence of greenhouse gases.
1. The term given to the heating of the Earth’s surface caused by infrared radiation trapped in the atmosphere.
2. Alleged human-made atmospheric warming by accumulating gases trapping solar heat below them rather like a greenhouse roof. See greenhouse gases.
Even more bizarre, the sign of the greenhouse effect can be opposite that of the radiative forcing.
The bizarre Antarctic: why are the radiative forcing and greenhouse effect negative?
We're not saying the greenhouse effect is rubbish," says study coauthor Justus Notholt, an atmospheric physicist at the University of Bremen in Germany.
A good article to draw attention to is " Greenhouse Effect and the IR Radiative Structure of the Earth's Atmosphere" by Ferenc Miskolczi in the International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health (2010).
This study investigated 438 Year 10 students (15 and 16 years old) from Western Australian schools, on their understanding of the greenhouse effect

########
Rank: 6
Score: 42.261566
Retrieved Text: Most of our atmosphere is made up of nitrogen (78% by volume) and oxygen (21% by volume). The remaining 1% of the atmospheric gases are known as trace gases because they are present in such small concentrations. The most abundant of the trace gases is the noble gas argon (approximately 1% by volume). Noble gases, which also include neon, helium, krypton and xenon, are very inert and do not generally engage in any chemical transformation within the atmosphere. Hydrogen is also present in trace quantities in the atmosphere, but because it is so light, over time much of it has escaped Earth's gravitational pull to space.
Despite their relative scarcity, the most important trace gases in the Earth's atmosphere are the greenhouse gases. Most abundant in the troposphere, these gases include carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide, water vapour and ozone, so-called because they are involved in the Earth natural greenhouse effect which keeps the planet warmer than it would be without an atmosphere. Apart from water vapour, the most abundant greenhouse gas (by volume) is carbon dioxide. Despite being present in only 370 parts per million by volume of air, carbon dioxide and the other greenhouse gases help to keep the Earth 33�C warmer than it would otherwise be without an atmosphere. Through emissions of greenhouse gases however, mankind has enhanced with natural greenhouse effect which may now be leading to a warming of the Earth climate.
Whilst ozone behaves like a greenhouse gas in the troposphere, in the stratosphere where its abundance is most significant within the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 42.17816
Retrieved Text: A growing number of Americans believe that climate change is happening, and 59% of voters think that humans are the primary cause. As we start to see the impacts of a changing climate, the topic of climate change may be coming up more often in conversation than it has in the past. If you’re talking with someone who seems to be rethinking their skepticism about global warming, be an informed spokesperson for the environment by mentioning these quick facts about climate change and its impacts.
It’s true that the earth’s climate has changed many times over the centuries, but until a few hundred years ago, these changes were due to small variations in the earth’s orbit. These orbital shifts affected the amount of solar energy that our earth received and caused climate fluctuations. Today’s warming is far more dramatic. Researchers say that it’s more than 95% probable that this unprecedented rate of change is due to human activity, and much of this warming is caused by an increase in greenhouse gas emissions.
Greenhouse gases are gases that absorb infrared radiation (IR) from the sun and radiate that heat in all directions. Common greenhouse gases are water vapor, carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide, ozone, and any fluorocarbons. Some of these gases are naturally produced, like water vapor, and a certain amount of greenhouse gases are necessary for our ecosystem to function. But, some of these gases are increasing rapidly because of human activity. Carbon dioxide in our atmosphere has increased by 40% since the dawn of the industrial age

########
Rank: 8
Score: 41.794895
Retrieved Text: Greenhouse Gases, or GHG’s are those unwanted gases that exist in our atmosphere and as such contribute to global climate change, either directly or indirectly by trapping the Earth’s heat and making our planet warmer. Although some of these greenhouse gases occur naturally within the atmosphere, the result of human and industrial activity on the Earth has increased their quantity altering and affecting the atmospheric balance.
We all know that the Earth’s atmosphere is slightly more warmer than we would normally expect it to be, due mainly to the effects of direct solar heating of the greenhouse effect. Normally the Earth is heated by both visible and infra-red light coming directly from the Sun. The heated surface then emits back the infra-red light. The small amounts of greenhouse gases present in the atmosphere absorbs and re-emits the infra-red radiation back to Earth in all directions, effectively trapping it within the atmosphere.
As a result the Earth naturally experiences a mild greenhouse effect keeping the temperature at the Earth surface just right, that is not too cold, and not too hot. This allows humans to live happily on the planet and just as important, for most of the water at the surface to stay in liquid form.
The two primary gases in the Earth’s atmosphere are Nitrogen (N2) and Oxygen (O2) which we breath, but themselves do not absorb infra-red radiation or play any significant role in setting the temperature of the planet so are therefore not classed as a greenhouse gas.
But as well as Nitrogen and Oxygen, there are

########
Rank: 9
Score: 41.711723
Retrieved Text: At Co-operative Energy, we think it’s important you see the bigger picture when it comes to climate change. We care about the world we live in, and we think you should too, which is why we’re always looking for new ways to help our customers live more sustainably. One way to do this is to offer insight into environmental change, and the practices that are having a negative effect on the planet.
Global warming is a growing environmental issue, which has recently become a big priority. By signing the Paris Agreement, almost 200 nations have vowed to reduce rising global temperatures - the cause of increasing sea levels and climates. But what has triggered global warming? To help you further understand climate change, we’re highlighting one if its key components - the greenhouse effect.
The greenhouse effect is the natural process of gases from the Earth’s atmosphere trapping the Sun’s energy.
Step-by-step: How does the greenhouse effect occur?
1. Electromagnetic radiation from the Sun passes through the Earth’s atmosphere.
2. The Earth absorbs a proportion of the Sun’s energy, which warms up the planet, while some is radiated back into space as Infra-Red (IR) energy.
3. As it makes it way out of the atmosphere, a proportion of the IR energy is trapped by a layer of greenhouse gases, and is re-radiated back into the Earth’s atmosphere.
4. The trapped IR atmosphere then warms up the atmosphere.
The layer of greenhouse gases surrounding Earth includes water vapour, carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide, plus more – all of which contribute to the warming of the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 41.38906
Retrieved Text: Held in place by gravity the atmosphere is thicker at the equator than at the poles and rapidly becomes less dense with increasing distance from the Earth's surface with no clearly defined upper boundary. A generally accepted boundary between the atmosphere and outer space is an altitude of approximately 62 miles. Near the equator, about 99% of the atmospheric gases (by mass) are below an altitude of 19 miles(1). To visualize how thin the atmosphere really is, it helps to remember that a commercial jetliner typically flies above 75% of the atmosphere.
The atmosphere is composed of a mixture of gases; primarily nitrogen (78%) and oxygen (21%). Carbon dioxide is comprises only about 0.038% of the atmosphere. Collectively we call this mixture of gases "air"; and it is this thin layer that makes life on earth possible, providing the oxygen that we require and protecting us from much of the ultraviolet solar radiation.
The atmosphere/earth system reflects about 30% of the incoming solar radiation, the remainder is absorbed and warms the earth, water and atmosphere. All objects radiate energy, with the wavelengths becoming shorter as the temperature of the object increases. As the sun is extremely hot, much of its radiation is in the shorter wavelengths, such as visible light. These shorter wavelengths pass readily through the atmosphere and reach the surface of the earth. The major atmospheric gases, nitrogen, oxygen and argon, are also quite transparent to the long wavelength, or heat, radiation. However, due to their molecular structure some of the gases present in the atmosphere

########
Rank: 11
Score: 40.672325
Retrieved Text: The Earth’s surface warms up during the day and cools down at night, releasing the heat in the form of infrared radiation IR out of the atmosphere into space. But before all these infrared radiation can escape out of the atmosphere into the space, they are absorbed by greenhouse gases (GHG’s) present in the atmosphere. The absorption of these radiations by greenhouse gases makes it possible to keep this planet warm for humans. Without Greenhouse effect, the temperature of this planet would be lesser by 30 degree Celsius and this would be too cold for us to survive.
Greenhouse gas pollution, through its contribution to global climate change, presents a significant threat to Americans’ health and to the environment upon which our economy and security depends.
The major greenhouse gases (GHG’s) solely responsible for greenhouse effect are Carbon dioxide, Ozone, Methane and Water vapor. Although these gases comprise 1% of our atmosphere, they act like a thick warm blanket outside that surrounds this planet and regulate climate control. Greenhouse effect is not bad. In fact, it is needed for all of us to survive on planet Earth. In short, the greenhouse effect is nothing but a naturally occurring process designed by nature that aids in heating earth’s surface and helps to maintain ecological balance.
Now, while some of that heat dissipates into space, some of it burns along the atmosphere, and some of it penetrates the atmosphere and finds its way into the lower atmosphere and the planet’s surface. This in turn raises the average temperature of the Earth.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 40.626755
Retrieved Text: The most profuse greenhouse gases in the atmosphere are carbon dioxide, methane, water vapor, nitrous oxide and chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs). Greenhouse gases, such as carbon dioxide, serve as a mantle, entrapping heat close to the earth surface and increasing the temperature.
The production of greenhouse gases is caused by both natural and human sources although it is widely accepted that climate change has been sped up as a result of human activity. From the start of the industrial revolution, human influence on our planet has has a huge impact. The plain truth is that the greatest source of greenhouse gases are from fuels such as oil, coal, and natural gas. The use of fossil fuels emits tons of greenhouse gases into the earth’s atmosphere. Cars, electricity produced by coal, and fuel burned by agricultural machines greatly add to the amount of greenhouse gases in our atmosphere.
Greenhouse gases have detrimental effects around the world as they contribute to climate change. Heat waves, more intense storms, rising sea levels, ocean acidification, dessert expansion, and changing weather patterns have damaging impacts on the ecosystem. Islands are disappearing and people living in coastline regions have been forced to move.
Additionally, natural greenhouse gases are contributing more to global warming and are also linked to climate changes. The amount of water vapor in the atmosphere has increased in response to the rise in global temperature, caused by the expanded water-holding ability of a warmer atmosphere. Since water vapor is a greenhouse gas, the rate of global warming is greater than ever before.
Finally, the impact

########
Rank: 13
Score: 40.55311
Retrieved Text: Concentrations of the main greenhouse gases in the atmosphere have reached their highest level since pre-industrial times, the World Meteorological Organization (WMO) said on Wednesday.
Concentrations of the gases continued to build up in 2009 — the latest year of observations — despite the economic slowdown, the U.N. weather agency said in its latest Greenhouse Gas Bulletin.
Rises in the amount of greenhouse gases increase radiation in the atmosphere, warming the surface of the Earth and causing climate change.
The findings will be studied at a U.N. meeting in Cancun, Mexico, from Nov. 29 to Dec. 10 to discuss climate change.
The growth rates for carbon dioxide and nitrous oxide were smaller than in 2008, but this had only a marginal impact on the long-lasting concentrations.
It would take about 100 years for carbon dioxide to disappear from the atmosphere if emissions stopped completely.
This could create a “feedback loop” in which global warming releases large quantities of methane into the atmosphere which then contributes to further global warming.
These natural emissions could be the reason why methane has increased in the atmosphere over the past three years after nearly a decade of no growth, the WMO said.
Human activities such as cattle-rearing, rice planting, fossil-fuel exploitation and landfills account for 60 percent of methane emissions, with natural sources accounting for the rest.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 40.45438
Retrieved Text: ❶Thus, the collective effect of all the green house gases increases temperature on the earth and gives rise to many dangerous problems.
Causes. This essay on global warming needs to look at the causes of the problem. Global warming is caused by an acute heating of the earth’s atmosphere as .
This causes an increase in the intensity of heat in atmosphere causing global warming. The thickening of earth atmosphere because of presence of increased carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases is called greenhouse effect. Global Warming Causes and Effects Essay 4 ( words) Increase in environmental temperature and climate change has become very clear over the last 50 years because of increasing level of greenhouse gases concentration (like water vapour, CO2, methane, ozone, sulphur and nitrogen gases, etc) in the atmosphere.
What are the causes of global warming? There is no question that everyone is feeling the effects of global warming. It’s felt all over the world which is why government agencies are scrambling to find means to stop it from escalating into an uncontrollable situation that may see the total destruction of this planet. Global Warming Essay: Causes, Effects & Solutions Introduction Global warming is a phenomenon due to which the temperature of the earth’s surface; land, water, and atmosphere, is rising year-by-year due to many natural and human-made causes.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 40.408756
Retrieved Text: After reading 'How Big Is Your Footprint?' by Norman Bilbrough the Avengers collaborated on a Cause and Effect map and Summary.
The greenhouse effect is a natural process that’s needed for life on Earth. Greenhouse gases in the atmosphere (such as water vapour, carbon dioxide, methane, and nitrous oxide) are useful because they trap heat, keeping our planet warm. While our planet needs to be warm enough to allow life to exist, there is such a thing as too warm. In recent years, large amounts of greenhouse gases have been released into the atmosphere and this has upset a delicate balance.
The greenhouse effect has been linked to climate change. Currently both Texas in the USA and Bangladesh have suffered from Hurricane Harvey and extreme rainfall causing floods. These events are thought to be linked to climate change and the effect of greenhouse gas emissions.
One possible cause of greenhouse gases is deforestation. In places such as Brazil and Indonesia, thousands of hectares of rainforest are disappearing every day. As a result of the deforestation forests no longer absorb extra carbon dioxide, helping to keep our atmosphere in balance.
As a result of burning fossil fuels, such as burning coal to produce electricity and making petrol for cars from oil, the temperature of Earth has risen, which in turn will cause countries to turn to desert and crops will not be able to be produced.
Evidence suggests that cows produce half of New Zealand’s greenhouse gas emissions in the form of methane and nitrous oxide. Extra methane and nitrous oxide in

########
Rank: 16
Score: 40.318253
Retrieved Text: We all hear about it, all know the effects it’s having on our environment, but just what is global warming and do we really know all of the facts about it? Caused by the ‘greenhouse effect’ it is having a warming effect on the world’s average temperatures; and as the greenhouse gases accumulate, the Earth will continue to get warmer, which is what is resulting in the rapid climate change that are we are now witnessing.
The causes of global warming are due to Carbon Dioxide (CO2), which is one of the primary greenhouse gases. The increased amounts of CO2 that have been pumped into the atmosphere have been caused by the burning of fossil fuels (e.g. coal and oil) by power stations, cars and factories. They have also increased due to deforestation – as the wood dies in the forest, through things such as wood burning, the CO2 that they have taken in from the air is released back out into the atmosphere again. Equally, with fewer trees in forests, there is less CO2 absorbed from the atmosphere.
Emphasis has been placed on the energy used in homes as these are having a detrimental affect on the atmosphere. All the electricity we us to power our televisions, lights, computers and so on, is made primarily by the burning of coal. Additionally, when you drive to work in a morning you are also adding to the greenhouse affect, as cars are one of the major emitters of CO2.
What other gases contribute to the greenhouse effect?
Whilst CO2 is responsible

########
Rank: 17
Score: 40.017426
Retrieved Text: Reblog of a new post by materials physicist Dr. Charles Anderson, which discusses the recent paper by Chilingar et al posted here. Dr. Anderson improves upon some aspects of the paper, but in general comes to the same basic conclusion that additions to the present levels of the greenhouse gases CO2, H2O, and methane will cause cause cooling, not warming, of the Earth surface & atmosphere.
So if the present average temperature of the Earth is taken to be 288.2 K, the net warming effect of all of the present infra-red active gases is 9.8 K. This is a far cry from the 33 K warming effect which is often claimed as the result of the so-called greenhouse gas effect. But it is true that without the so-called greenhouse gases, the Earth’s surface would be cooler than it is now because the surface itself would be in radiative equilibrium with space instead of a combination of the surface, a more heavily weighted altitude at the top of the troposphere, and a much lighter weighting of the stratosphere.
So, it is not a foregone conclusion that adding CO2 to the present mix of gases in the Earth atmosphere will cause further warming, just because the additions of the first molecules did cause warming. We do not immediately know whether the so-called greenhouse effect is increasing or decreasing with further additions of greenhouse gases. This is a question I have been discussing for years on this blog and since I wrote a book chapter called "Do IR-Absorbing Gases Warm or

########
Rank: 18
Score: 39.452248
Retrieved Text: Earth is known for its mild and life friendly atmosphere, where other planets surrounding it are either too warm or too cold. Greenhouse effect is to blame for that.
Greenhouse effect arises when gases in the Earth’s atmosphere stop heat radiating into space from the Earth.
Those gases are called greenhouse gases.
They are methane, carbon dioxide, water vapor and other gases. When sunlight reaches the surface of the Earth, some of it is absorbed which warms the ground and some bounces back to space as heat.
Here is what happens in greenhouses: incoming UV radiation from space easily passes through the glass walls of a greenhouse and is absorbed by the plants.
Weaker IR radiation, has difficulty passing through the glass walls and is trapped inside. So it is warming the greenhouse.
This effect enables tropical plants to live during winter and cold, inside a greenhouse.
This millions years old process keeps the planet warm.
Greenhouse effect was discovered by Joseph Fourier in 1827, experimentally verified by John Tyndall in 1861, and quantified by Svante Arrhenius in 1896.
Greenhouse works by reducing airflow and retaining warm air inside the structure.
This sunlight passes into the planet’s atmosphere and warms the Earth. Part of this energy is absorbed by the Earth’s surface. It is transformed into heat and radiated back towards space.
This heat goes up through the atmosphere, but some of it gets trapped by the different greenhouse gases and doesn’t escape into space.
This in turn warms up the Earth’s atmosphere; just like the windows of a greenhouse that lets light in and keeps the heat

########
Rank: 19
Score: 39.42827
Retrieved Text: To understand what the greenhouse effect is, one must also know the contributing factors. This list of greenhouse gases includes some that may be common knowledge, but a few that may surprise you.
Carbon Dioxide makes the top five list of greenhouse gases, and this gas is released during the fossil fuel power plant processes, as well as from animals and humans breathing and other causes. Carbon Dioxide is the second most prevalent greenhouse gas in the atmosphere, with water vapor being the most prevalent.
Water vapor is on the list of greenhouse gases, even though most people would not consider this as greenhouse gas. Water vapor is produced continuously by the earth, and this vapor evaporates and rises into the atmosphere. This component makes up somewhere between one third and two thirds of all the greenhouse gases present at any given time.
Methane greenhouse gas may be one of the most damaging on the list of greenhouse gases. This gas is twenty times more damaging than carbon dioxide when it comes to contributing to global warming. Mining releases this gas that is trapped inside the earth, and so do some animals including cows when they have flatulence. There are other sources of this gas as well.
Ozone is a gas that has a double threat. Before ozone evaporates into a greenhouse gas that has an affect on global warming it stays near ground level and causes smog, air pollution, and lung problems in humans and animals. Once evaporated, ozone goes into the atmosphere and helps trap heat near the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 39.406715
Retrieved Text: As early as in the 19th century scientists discovered that carbon dioxide retains the heat from the sun in the atmosphere, affecting the Earth's surface temperature. With the beginning of the industrial revolution and scientific and technological progress the world consumption of various fuels grew, raising respectively the atmospheric carbon dioxide level.
In connection with the political instability in the world during the Cold War, up to the middle of the eighties, international cooperation in the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions was unfeasible. Measures for nature protection policy of most countries did not extend beyond the frameworks of the national level. However attitudes of states started changing due to huge efforts of scientists from many countries with regard to the ozone crisis when in 1987 in Montreal a Protocol on Restrictions was signed and finally follows with a ban on emissions from CFC production. The success of the Montreal Protocol has contributed to the prospects for international cooperation relating to other problems of global nature protection.
When one of outstanding climatologists of the United State James Hansen from NASA declared to the Congress in 1988 that with a high degree of reliability warming (increase in the mean global temperature by around 0.5 °C in this century) can be connected with the anthropogenic greenhouse effect, he stirred up a storm of critics. "It is time to stop waffling so much and say the evidence is pretty strong that the greenhouse effect is here." - he said in his interview to a journalist from New York Times. Thus, the statement

########
Rank: 21
Score: 39.376835
Retrieved Text: The consumption of fossil fuels in the last few decades has contributed much to the degradation of our environment. Global warming, climate change, extinction of wildlife species, depletion of the ozone layer, and an increase in air pollution are few of the problems from which our environment is suffering. It may be quite a task for anyone to find some solid global warming facts to alarm for some action. Here is plenty of them, right on your platter.
Global warming is the increase of earth’s average surface temperature and its oceans due to greenhouse gases released as people burn fossil fuels. These greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide and methane absorb heat that would otherwise bounce off the Earth’s surface. Global warming has emerged has one of the biggest environmental issues in the last two decades.
As per NASA, “the global average surface temperature rose 0.6 to 0.9 degrees Celsius (1.1 to 1.6° F) between 1906 and 2005, and the rate of temperature increase has nearly doubled in the last 50 years. Temperatures are certain to go up further.” It seems that the temperature is rising at a rate faster than ever before. Human activities like the burning of fossil fuels, deforestation, industrialization and increase in pollution are considered as few of the factors responsible for the rise in global warming.
War contributes greatly to global warming, which shouldn’t surprise us. All those bombs going off, all those rockets, all those planes and helicopters. All that fuel of various kinds being used. It pollutes the air and water of

########
Rank: 22
Score: 39.294044
Retrieved Text: In response to scientific predictions of man-made global warming, the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (FCCC) was adopted and signed by 162 countries in 1992 at the Rio Earth Summit. With 26 Articles, consisting of objectives, principles, commitments and recommendations, the FCCC became a blueprint for precautionary action against the threat of global climate change. The Convention highlighted the fact that human activities, like the burning of fossil fuels, are releasing large quantities of gases into the Earths atmosphere. These gases, including carbon dioxide are enhancing the natural greenhouse effect. There are many concerns that the increase of such greenhouse gases in the atmosphere is causing “global warming”, which is threatening humans and natural ecosystems.
The aim of the Convention was to provide an international framework within which future actions could be taken to reduce the threat of global warming. The Convention indicates that participating nations have the right to exploit their own resources, but they have a responsibility to ensure that their activities do not cause any environmental harm to other nations.
The ultimate goal of the Convention is to stabilise greenhouse gases in the atmosphere at a level that will not pose undue risk to the global climate system. Since most of the worlds greenhouse emissions come from developed nations, the Convention challenges the developed nations to take the lead in combating climate change and its negative effects. Developing nations whose economies are based on fossil fuels may have difficulties in reducing their greenhouse gas emissions. It is therefore recognised that developed nations will

########
Rank: 23
Score: 39.09107
Retrieved Text: To determine if the world’s temperature is increasing, several different methods are used, including data, where data exists, historical documents, glacier activity, sediment, tree rings, ice cores, corals, and carbon fourteen dating (Botkin & Keller, 2013). I will talk about only a couple of these. One way that scientist’s used to discovering the past climate and compare its changes throughout history, that I found interesting, is the use of historical documents.
Researchers can use historical documents such as paintings to reconstruct the climate. For example, “ships logs from the Spanish, Dutch, and English ships crossing the world’s oceans between the sixteenth and twentieth centuries, provide insight into weather patterns and how these change over time” (Oosthoek, 2015, pp. 1, pp.1). Another example, “is the painting of glaciers in the Swiss Alps, in some paintings the glaciers reached down into the valley below, indicating cold times, and in some painting the glaciers were high up in the mountains, showing warm eras” (Botkin & Keller, 2013, p. 482, pp. 1). Several other historical documents are used to include, “people’s written recollections in books, newspapers, journal articles, personal journals, ships’ logs, travelers’ diaries, and farmers’ records, along with dates of wine harvests and small grain crops” (Botkin & Keller, 2013, p. 482, pp. 1).
Another method I found interesting was how scientists use tree rings to determine how the climate has changed over the centuries. Since the growth of trees is affected by the climate, the tree rings that trees develop over the years can tell scientists a lot about the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 39.017002
Retrieved Text: A Skeptic's Guide to the Greenhouse Effect: What is the greenhouse effect?
If you want to debate the greenhouse effect, a good start is to know what it is. People argue whether there exists such a thing as the greenhouse effect, however, here we will provide a simplified mathematical formulation that nevertheless captures the essential features. The background information is gathered from Goody and Yung "Atmospheric radiation", Oxford University Press.
Where H is a height scale. We will now solve these equations numerically for three different values of a0. (H = 1, sigma = 1, Fs = 1 held constant).
The blue line is for a0 = 0, the green line is for a0 = 0.5 and the red line is for a0 = 1. As we can see, by increasing the absorption/emission parameter we heat the surface and cool the upper layers of the atmosphere. Note that for a0 = 0 we have an isothermal atmosphere. In more advanced models the pure radiative equilibrium is modified so that when the lapse rate exceeds a certain critical value convection sets in. These models are called radiative-convective models. A lapse rate neutrally stable to convection is characterized by a constant potential temperature and are often called adiabats. These differ depending on the amount of water vapour present. Of course, the equations presented in the beginning need some further explanation, but we will leave that for now and refer to the litterature.
Although we were able to give a mathematical illustration of the greenhouse effect in just a few lines, unfortunately the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 38.89183
Retrieved Text: Climate refers to the average weather experienced in a region over a long period, typically 30 years. This includes temperature, wind and rainfall patterns. The climate of the Earth is not static, and has changed many times in the past in response to a variety of natural causes. The term ‘climate change' usually refers to recent changes in climate which have been observed since the early 1900's. The earth is kept warm by the greenhouse effect. Certain gases in the atmosphere (so-called greenhouse gases) absorb energy that is radiated from the Earth's surface, and so warm the atmosphere. The greenhouse effect is a natural phenomenon without which life on Earth as we know it would not be possible, as the Earth would be 30°C cooler. However, our modern lifestyles have resulted in us releasing large amounts of greenhouse gases - like carbon dioxide and methane - into the atmosphere, enhancing the greenhouse effect and so pushing up temperatures globally.
Most climate scientists agree that the world is going to get warmer. The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) was set up by the World Meteorological Organization and the United Nations Environment Programme in 1988 to assess scientific and socio-economic information on climate change and its impacts and to advise the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change. In its Third Assessment Report it projects that global temperatures could rise by between 1.4 and 5.8°C by the end of this century. The range of temperatures reflects a number of uncertainties, as many aspects of the weather are not

########
Rank: 26
Score: 38.76727
Retrieved Text: The human population on Earth has grown to the point that it is having an effect on Earth's atmosphere and ecosystems. Burning of fossil fuels, deforestation, urbanization, cultivation of rice and cattle, and the manufacture of chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs) for propellants and refrigerants are increasing the concentration of carbon dioxide, methane, nitrogen oxides, sulphur oxides, dust, and CFCs in the atmosphere. About 70 percent of the Sun's energy passes through the atmosphere and strikes Earth's surface. This radiation heats the surface of the land and ocean, and these surfaces then reradiate infrared radiation back into space. This allows Earth to avoid heating up too much. However, not all of the infrared radiation makes it into space; some is absorbed by gases in the atmosphere and is reradiated back to Earth's surface. A greenhouse gas is one that absorbs infrared radiation and then reradiates some of this radiation back to Earth. Carbon dioxide, CFCs, methane, and nitrogen oxides are greenhouse gases. The natural greenhouse effect of our atmosphere is well established. In fact, without greenhouse gases in the atmosphere, scientists calculate that Earth would be about 33°C cooler than it currently is.
The current concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is about 360 parts per million. Human activities are having a major influence on atmospheric carbon dioxide concentrations, which are rising so fast that current predictions are that atmospheric concentrations of carbon dioxide will double in the next 50 to 100 years. The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) report in 1992, which represents a consensus of most

########
Rank: 27
Score: 38.73799
Retrieved Text: Reading Cafe: What is Global Warming?
A Swedish chemist, Svante Arrhenius, was the first to describe Global warming and greenhouse effect in 1896. Carbon dioxide, nitrous oxide, water vapour and methane are greenhouse gases released into the Earth’s atmosphere which help to trap heat and stop too much of it to escape into space. Without these gases, the Earth would not have been warm enough for us to live in.
The problem starts when too much of these greenhouse gases gets released into the atmosphere from human activities, which in turn causes too much heat to get trapped. One of the main causes of worry here is carbon dioxide pollution. The three main sources of Carbon dioxide (CO2) pollution in the atmosphere are: burning fossil fuel (coal and oil), cement manufacturing, and gas burning. Animals, forest fires, and other sources produce carbon dioxide naturally. But, fact remains that this natural production has been overtaken by transport, manufacturing and other such human activities. Therefore, simple equation is this: - more Carbon dioxide in the atmosphere increases the amount of heat absorbed, and this leads to global warming.
· The earth became 0.5 degree Centigrade warmer during the 20th century and a further rise of even a couple of degrees will damage its natural balance.
· Polar ice caps will melt, sea levels will rise and many areas will be flooded.
· Changing climates will also affect plants and animals, which might not be able to adapt quickly enough to new conditions.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 38.47858
Retrieved Text: The terms “climate change” and “global warming” are frequently used interchangeably, although they are two different things. Climate change refers to the increasing average global temperature caused by naturally occurring processes such as solar radiation, forest fires, and volcanic eruptions. Global warming, on the other hand, refers to a long-standing trend of rising global temperature due to human activity.
Since the concept of global warming was introduced in the mid-1970s, the triggers for climate change, as defined in scientific studies, have been expanded to include the human element. Deforestation, population escalation, and the use of fossil fuels are now widely believed to have a significant influence on the Earth’s changing temperatures and weather patterns. This has led scientists to further study their effects on climate.
The consensus among the scientific community is that the greenhouse effect has been the leading cause of climate change. The greenhouse effect refers to gases being trapped within the Earth’s atmosphere, thereby increasing the global temperature. Gases trapped in the Earth’s atmosphere can be divided into two categories: long-lasting greenhouse gases and feedbacks.
Nitrous oxide (N2O): A greenhouse gas emitted from a variety of natural sources, it is also released through human practices such as use of fertilizers, burning of fossil fuels and the production of nitric acid. Nitrous oxide makes up approximately 5 percent of the greenhouse gases in North America, and according to the US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), approximately 40 percent of the nitrous oxide present in the Earth’s atmosphere comes from human activities alone.
Carbon dioxide (CO2): A small concentration of

########
Rank: 29
Score: 38.402508
Retrieved Text: Over the last couple of decades, there has been a growing awareness for Global warming all over the world. But before analyzing the impact of global warming, one should be aware about global warming. Global warming is the slow and steady increase in the average temperature of the Earth due to concentration of Greenhouse gases in the atmosphere. These gases mainly constitute of water vapor, carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide and ozone (“Greenhouse gas,” 2015). In the absence of these gases the average temperature of the earth would have been much lower. But over these years incessant and rapid industrialization all over the world has increased the concentration of these gases, especially carbon dioxide gas, in the atmosphere, resulting in what we term as global warming. Carbon dioxide is accumulating in the atmosphere both because of the burning of fossil fuels and forests (Agarwal & Narain, 1991).
The ramifications of global warming are mainly ocean warming, melting of the polar ice caps and increase in the average temperature of the earth. These phenomena in turn pose grave consequences which could in due time cause sea levels to rise, cause biological imbalance and result in destructive natural calamities.
Now that Greenhouse gas emissions have reached disastrous proportions, it is upon mankind to make a concerted effort to reduce such emissions. Various initiatives have been taken worldwide to reduce carbon dioxide emissions, the most significant amongst them being the Kyoto Protocol treaty adopted in Japan in the year 1997 and enforced since 2005, whereby developed countries have taken upon themselves

================



======= Instance Index 4 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are increase or decrease ):

The temperature of matter increases with the added energy.


If you put a lot of energy into some food the temperature of it will increase or decrease?

Target Text: increase

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 29.862144
Retrieved Text: Check thermostats. When you are home and awake, set your thermostat as low as comfortable — 68 F or below in the winter. Wear a sweater around the house to keep warm. When you are asleep or out of the house, lower the setting by several degrees. Use a programmable thermostat to automatically adjust the temperature in your home before you get back home from work, or in the morning and evenings. If you have a heat pump, consider buying a newer thermostat that has outside air temperature functionality via the web or a remote outside air sensor. This allows the thermostat to intelligently keep the auxiliary strip heat off, until it is needed. Remember, a heat pump is most efficient when the mechanical compressor outside is running and strip heat within the furnace is off.
Check for air leaks. A lot of energy is lost through drafty windows, so feel for cold air leaking around your doors and windows. If you feel cold air, buy a new seal kit to fix the air leaks around the door jams or window seals. Cover drafty windows with a heavy duty, clear plastic sheet on the inside of window frames during winter months. If you can afford it, it is best to replace old drafty windows with modern, energy-efficient windows.
Inspect water heaters. Set your water heater to 120 F and use efficient showerheads. If your water heater doesn’t work like it used to, it might have a bad element in the lower level because of sludge buildup over time.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 28.951773
Retrieved Text: A blast freezer is a type of freezer which is designed to speed up the freezing of food in the food industry. This is because the current legislations regarding food safety standards state that food must be cooled from the Danger Zone temperature to a safer temperature (below 8 degrees Celsius) in as little time as possible.
The Danger Zone temperature is between +8 degrees and +68 degrees Celsius, and is the temperature at which bacteria can reproduce fastest. By cooling food to below this temperature as quickly as possible, you can prevent the potential spread of bacteria over your food.
The Department of Health Guidelines in the UK say that in order for the food to be safely frozen, the food must be cooled from a temperature of +70 degrees to -18 degrees Celsius in less than 240 minutes (4 hours). Whereas a Blast Freezer is capable of doing this, most standard and conventional freezers are not, which is why if you are supplying food as part of your business, you’ll need to make sure you’ve got some blast freezers to keep your food safe to eat for the consumer.
What are the functions of blast freezers?
A blast freezer will generally have two main functions. The first function takes effect the moment you put food into the freezer. This is the blast chilling phase. The blast freezer will have powerful fans inside which will blow cold air laterally over the food, to remove any thermal energy (heat) that is in the food. Once this is complete, the blast

########
Rank: 2
Score: 28.814104
Retrieved Text: My girlfriend thinks it's bad to put hot or warm food in the fridge without letting it cool to room temperature first. Something something bacteria something something. I think she's stupid. I also think she's wrong. Is she?
Eponysterical, seeing as an almost identical post has been made before (which answers your question).
That's eerily similar and includes all the details I left out like forgotten food on the bench and the horrible run on sentence about same. I really did search for previous questions, but I was talking about a bench and a refrigerator, not a counter and a fridge! Thanks.
After reading the other thread - it only really matters if you're putting something hot directly into the freezer. Apparently piping hot food can throw the freezer out of whack.
I usually go stove > fridge > freezer if I'm making something specifically to be frozen for later.
Also, as far as I know a couple hours sitting out won't make all that big a difference with most cooked foods, anyway.
Here is the USDA's take on the matter. In brief, they agree with you, if you divide larger quantities into smaller packages.
I attended one of those food service classes years ago where they certify you for restaurant work per the department of health or whatever and for what it's worth the big issue there was the middle of larger portions of hot foods. We used to use an ice bath to cool the food rapidly before saving it in a fridge when I worked in a restaurant. From what

########
Rank: 3
Score: 28.061495
Retrieved Text: First and foremost, when considering what type of freezer you require you must decide on capacity. There are two main types of standalone freezer you can buy, the upright freezer and the chest freezer, and the capacities vary quite a lot.
Chest freezers are frequently purchased as a secondary item and kept in an outhouse such as a garage in order to preserve space within the house. Utility rooms also commonly contain chest freezers; they are significant in size and quite often simply won't fit in a kitchen along with all the other appliances. A chest freezer works best for those larger households who freeze a lot of food at one time - ideal if you grow fresh fruit and vegetables in your own garden. Traditional upright or integrated fridge freezers don't tend to have the amount of space required for this purpose.
Upright freezers, on the other hand, don't have the volume of a chest freezer, but are much more practical for those with less space to store the freezer itself. Upright models are much narrower than chest freezers and allow an easier installation and will fit into smaller places with a lot less difficulty. An upright freezer has the added benefit over a chest freezer in that it typically comes with a number of shelves, allowing the user to distribute the food into sections. Chest freezers, although usually coming with wire baskets, don't have this added ability to divide the storage up and as such can get cluttered.
The choice between the two types of freezer should

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.750856
Retrieved Text: Aside from lowering your utility bills, having an energy-efficient home is a great way to add value. Prospective buyers may be more attracted to homes that need little to no upgrading. A great place to start is with your kitchen. It’s one of the busiest rooms in your home, and arguably the one that utilizes the most electricity.
Below is a list of areas to focus on to ensure that you have an energy efficient kitchen.
Another tip: keeps lots of food in your refrigerator will help your refrigerator operate at the optimal temperature. The more space that’s in your fridge, the more space that needs to be cooled. Also, let food get to room temperature before you put it in your refrigerator. The excess heat from your leftovers causes the refrigerator to work harder to bring the temperature down.
If you’re doing a lot of entertaining at the lake this summer, consider keeping a cooler on your deck with plenty of ice-cold drinks for your guests to enjoy. That way they don’t have to continuously open and close your refrigerator.
When it comes to keeping your oven and stove from wasting energy, it pays to be prepared. That means not turning on too many burners or opening the oven door a dozen times to check on your roasted veggies. One of the greatest perks of living at the lake: firing up the grill and relaxing by the water! Utilize your grill as much as you can to save on energy costs, while also enjoying the great Smith Mountain Lake

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.21309
Retrieved Text: We are obsessive foodies, deep into gastronomic satisfaction. The point of cooking is to produce delicious satisfying food – it’s one of life’s greatest pleasures. There’s no point in saving energy if the result tastes horrible. A microwave oven will never produce a good roast, whatever it says on the box. Unless pasta is fresh cooked in plentiful boiling water it will always be less than perfect. However, there are also many ways that a cook can produce food that tastes as good, and often better, with less time and energy.
We buy all our oil, grains, pasta and fairtrade coffee from an organic wholesaler and store them under the stairs (we put together a large bulk order with friends). Almost all our vegetables come from a local organic box scheme or the allotment. Occasional meat comes from local suppliers and is either free range, organic, or from rare breeds (which is effectively organic and far cheaper). In summer we fish for the invasive American Signal Crayfish, which have taken over the local rivers. With nets draped over bicycle wheels, in an hour we can pull up 4 kilos. And, of course, we compost all kitchen waste, including paper bags.
We cook casseroles and stews in an old bedside cabinet we have converted to a “haybox” cooker. We filled it with offcuts of Celotex insulation trimmed to tightly fit a Le Creuset casserole (it has to be cast iron). We bring the casserole to the boil on the stove (allow 20 minutes on the stove for meat dishes),

########
Rank: 6
Score: 27.194872
Retrieved Text: With all the recent cold weather, the term “Wind Chill” has been extensively used to describe just how cold it FEELS outside. But what does that mean? How is it computed? What is the basis behind this seemingly subjective measure of “temperature”? I hope to answer some of this along with a brief history of the term “wind chill”.
Prior to 1945 everyone knew that it felt colder under windy conditions but there was no objective measure to report to the public. It was in 1945 that Paul Siple and Charles Passel published a paper quantifying the impact of wind on apparent temperature. They used a pretty simple experiment to test come up with their numbers. A vessel of near freezing water was set in various temperatures and wind conditions and was timed to observe how long it took to freeze. Of course, when you think about it, there are several problems with this original wind-chill methodology including, but not limited to, that they were measuring energy loss, not temperature. So you would not get wind chill temperature, you would instead receive a number representing the amount of energy lost in an hour over 1 square meter.
It was not until 1998 that Robert Quayle and Robert Steadman released a paper titled “The Steadman Wind Chill: An Improvement over Present Scales”. What Steadman did was expand on the work done by Siple and Passel but took into consideration the natural heating of the human body by its own metabolism. Steadman had experience with how heat is lost and

########
Rank: 7
Score: 27.169024
Retrieved Text: Use flat-bottomed pots, and match the size pot to the amount of food you’re cooking.
Place the pot on a similarly-sized burner, and put the lid on the pot.
Consider using a pressure cooker. It cooks food at a higher temperature and pressure, reducing cooking time and cutting energy use by 50 to 75 percent.
When you need to roast a dish in the oven, plan to cook as much of your meal as you can in the oven at the same time.
By baking in glass or ceramic pans, you can lower the oven’s temperature by 25° F, and food will cook just as quickly.
To maintain good air flow, don’t line the oven racks with foil, and stagger the pans on the racks.
Don't put uncovered hot liquids into the refrigerator; the vapors from hot liquids add to the compressor's workload.
Quickly cool hot liquids and food by dividing large amounts of leftovers into shallow containers or placing containers of hot leftovers in an ice bath then refrigerate them.
Leftover cooked foods requiring refrigeration should be rapidly cooled to an internal temperature of 45°F or less.
By using an ENERGY STAR-qualified dishwasher instead of washing dishes by hand, you'll save on water and cut your water-heating cost in half.
"During the holiday season many people are busy in the kitchen preparing for festive gatherings - and that can increase your average electricity usage," said Shayna Decker, Maui Electric communications specialist. "These tips can help save energy in your household this holiday season."
For more energy saving tips, visit www.mauielectric.com.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 27.095623
Retrieved Text: Most of us who are concerned about our health and weight are familiar with the term metabolism. Learning more about this complicated process can help you understand the steps to better weight management.
Metabolism can generally be broken down into two processes: catabolism and anabolism.
Catabolism is the process that breaks down compounds or molecules (typically from food) to release energy. This energy is used to fuel body processes such as movement.
Anabolism is the building of complex compounds or molecules from simpler compounds. This process usually requires energy. Anabolism allows your body to maintain cells and build new ones.
What you weigh is mostly the result of your catabolism minus your anabolism — the amount of energy (food) you put into your body minus the amount of energy your body uses.
Now that we understand metabolism a bit better, let’s separate some metabolism myths from the facts.
Slender people have higher metabolism rates than overweight people. This is a pretty big myth. In fact, the bodies of larger people require more energy than smaller people. That means, as you lose weight, you’ll need less food to fuel your body. And after you lose weight, if you return to old eating and exercise habits, the weight will come back because you’re providing more fuel (food) than your body needs. So, keep active to keep those pounds at bay.
Eating a lot less food slows your metabolism. This is true and not a good idea. Eating a lot less food can kick your body into what’s commonly known as starvation mode — your metabolism

########
Rank: 9
Score: 27.065195
Retrieved Text: In March of 2008, I retired my 10 year old 22 ft^3 chest freezer and replaced it with these two new smaller 5.5 ft^3t chest freezers.
The only place I can easily fit a large freezer is in our garage which is outside the building envelope (ie it’s unheated and uninsulated). The smaller freezers, however can easily be maneuvered into the house. We heat our home with electric space heaters (see Convert from Gas to Electric Space Heating to learn why). Our heating season is about 6 months of the year. Freezers, like all electrical appliances, produce heat. It takes the same amount of electricity to produce a given amount of heat whether that heat is generated by an electric space heater, or a freezer, or any other electrical appliance.Â Therefore, moving the freezers inside effectively reduces the operating cost to zero for 6 months of the year when the heat produced by the freezers offsets the heat produced by our space heaters. If I had purchased a single larger freezer, I would have had to keep it in the unheated garage and pay for its operation a full 12 months of the year.
The amount of freezer space we need varies throughout the year. During the summer months, one 5.5 ft^3 freezer is plenty. We need the extra 5.5 ft^3 just before winter when we preserve various foods we’ve harvested or purchased. With two freezers, we can simply unplug one during the summer months. The cost of operating the two freezers during the 6 month heating season

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.052517
Retrieved Text: Home energy efficiency results in lower household costs – and who wouldn’t want to pay less? The thing is, energy efficiency sounds great but we often don’t pay a lot of attention to it. We take things for granted, not even questioning if something can be done to reduce the costs and increase energy efficiency. The reality check moment usually comes in the winter when you see your bills growing regardless of how much energy you are trying to save.
But really, when temperatures go down you are not thinking about how much is that going to cost you – keeping warm is the priority. An additional layer of insulation and replacing household appliances seems like a costly project so you might think “I would rather pay the high bill”.
But what if we told you there are few simple and cheap ways to make your home energy efficient? With these residential energy saving tips, you will be able to stop spending money you don’t really need to spend!
This is probably the one thing you have been hearing ever since you were a child – don’t leave the light on if you don’t need it.
Did You Know? The energy needed for one 100W light bulb for one hour costs you on average around $0.30. It obviously isn’t a lot.
But how many 100W light bulbs do you have around your house? Let’s say you leave 10 light bulbs on for 10 hours. That’s $30! This is an easy fix that anyone can do. It might not seem like a

########
Rank: 11
Score: 26.874748
Retrieved Text: Love or hate it, cooking is a daily part of adult life (sigh) and even the biggest takeaway fans will find themselves facing their kitchen at some time or another.
However, the costs of cooking something up go beyond getting your ingredients from your local supermarket – your microwave, oven, slow cooker, hob and any other favoutite kitchen appliance can be a drain on your energy spend.
Up to a staggering 30% of the average house hold gas and electricity cost is from just cooking, depending on your cooking habits.
We’ve put together these top tips to make sure you’re not wasting money when cooking up a storm in the kitchen!
Got some broccoli to boil? A great time and energy saver is boiling the right amount of water in the kettle first, then pour it into your pan on your hob, it will kick off the boiling process, and in turn use less energy than heating it from scratch on the hob or gas cooker. Psst, don’t forget to put a lid on the pan to retain the heat, it’ll also make it cook faster (whilst saving extra energy)!
Bulk cooking is a great way to save energy and convenient for families. Cooking a large portion of your favourite meal(s) utilises the energy you use on cooking, instead of cooking normal sized portions repeatedly. It will also put your freezer to work – having a full freezer means it will retain the cold in, and in effect use less energy.
Putting your freezer to work saves time and money during the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 26.75339
Retrieved Text: Cracks in your oven’s door can occur for many reasons. Maybe it’s an older model and the glass finally succumbs to the stress of time? Or, perhaps you accidentally bumped into it with something hefty and caused a hairline crack to form? Whatever the case, you’re staring at a problem that’s only going to get bigger the longer you put it off.
Replacing oven door glass in Minneapolis, MN isn’t particularly expensive or even difficult. Most people put it off because they either can’t even see the crack or because they think it’s purely a cosmetic issue. Regardless of how prevalent it is, a crack in your oven’s door glass is something to get fixed right away. Here’s why.
If you had a glass dish with a huge crack in it, would you feel safe microwaving your Pyrex in Minneapolis, MN? Probably not. Visions of exploding shards isn’t too far from the truth of what could happen when compromised glass is subjected to heat extremes. The same goes for your oven.
Cracked oven glass is exposed to consistent temperatures of 300 to 450 degrees and sometimes even higher, depending on what you’re cooking. As the temperature climbs, the integrity of your glass wanes. Thankfully, oven glass—like your car’s windshield—is designed not to spontaneously shatter! It will crack and could fall out of place if the door slams shut, though. And, when it cracks or spiders, you’ll be left with an unprotected oven interior.
It may take much longer for your oven to heat to temperature if heat keeps escaping through

########
Rank: 13
Score: 26.281492
Retrieved Text: Want to know how energy efficient your Air Fryer is when compared to, say a conventional oven?
Is it cheaper to run or more expensive?
Well I want to give you a few home tested pointers and then follow up with some facts.
Air Fryers (and ovens) tend to heat up to the desired temperature and then cycle their electric use to try to maintain a set temperature.
(It is the same for a lot of household appliances. Fridge freezers do this too. A fridge freezer can actually only be “on” for as little as a third of the time, only coming on to reach the required temperature).
So the wattage used cycles up and down once operating temperature has been achieved.
So what does all this techno mumbo jumbo stuff mean?
Well it’s just the way that machines work in order to achieve the right cooking temperature for example 180 degrees.
Therefore it doesn’t take as long to heat up to the right temperature (in fact it’s almost instant, 1 to 2 minutes at most) meaning cooking time is reduced.
Even a convection oven cannot beat an Air Fryer for pre-heat times. A convection oven takes anywhere up to 10 or more minutes.
The special way that air flows all around food inside an air fryer also helps speed up the cooking time.
A conventional oven simply gets hot. A fan assisted oven being slightly more efficient blows hot air around the sides and top.
A convection oven circulates air around food like an Air Fryer but are generally larger in size and take up more counter

########
Rank: 14
Score: 26.25412
Retrieved Text: Three new technologies aim to tap unconventional energy sources—automobile motion and the temperature and saltiness of seawater—to produce vast new supplies of electricity.
The kinetic energy of automobiles and sea currents may help scientists create large stores of energy in the future: "Getting a car moving takes a lot of energy, but when the vehicle comes to a stop most of that energy just gets dissipated. The engineers who designed hybrid gas-electric autos came up with a way to recover some of the energy lost in braking and convert it to electricity to recharge the hybrid's batteries. But what if that converted energy could be put into the electric grid?"

########
Rank: 15
Score: 26.223612
Retrieved Text: Archaeologists have traced clay pot cookery back to the Romans, who used special unglazed earthenware pots to bake meats and crisp, chewy loaves of bread. They are a real time-saver, with the added bonus of very flavorful and tender results due to the cooking process. It's great for those on a fat-conscious diet, since you can cook foods without fat, and still get all that wonderful flavor. It's energy-efficient because you begin with a cold oven and usually cook the whole meal in one pot.Clay cookers are pretty much self-explanatory. They are cooking vessels made of unglazed clay, usually large oval roasters with a lid. These are not to be confused with terra cotta baking pots that have a glazed interior and unglazed exterior. It's important to use an unglazed clay cooker to avoid any potential problems of lead in the pot which can leach into the food and cause serious health problems. Normally this is not a problem in unglazed pottery such as clay cookers. Clay cookers are soaked in water first. As the pot heats in the oven, the water evaporates causing a pressure-steaming effect to cook the food. It's easy to keep the calories down, because you never have to add fat to clay pot-cooked foods. Because flavors are easily absorbed into the unglazed clay, we recommend separate roasters for chicken and fish, or other foods with very different tastes.
the ingredients. This is easily accomplished by filling your sink with water and soaking top and bottom while you prepare the ingredients. Once loaded,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 26.210468
Retrieved Text: Whether it's a two-day business trip or a months-long voyage, it pays to prep your fridge before you leave.
As much as Samsung and LG continue to promote the wonders of the Smart Fridge, the fact remains that no refrigerator can preserve food forever, even if it comes with Twitter or Pandora. Until your fridge has the ability to sense expired goods and dispose of them on its own, you, the consumer, will have to be the smart one.
So what do you do when you’re planning on leaving home for a weekend, or a month, or even longer? Most people don’t think about it, but it’s important to prepare your fridge for your absence. Left untended, it’s almost like it gets lonely and petulant without you. So satiate your fridge’s ego by giving it some attention before your departure. Depending on the length of your trip, here are some tips for getting your fridge ready for some time away from home.
Check expiration dates — Though they won't turn your fridge into a biohazard, expired milk, cheese, eggs, cream and meat, can produce some nasty smells. Purge any perishables on the verge of grossness.
Raise the temperature — With at-risk perishables gone, you can kick the temperature up a degree or two to save some energy (and a few cents on your power bill). Just remember to always keep it south of 40°F.
If you’re planning on being away for about a week to 10 days—a pretty typical length of a vacation to the Caribbean or the opposite coast, for

########
Rank: 17
Score: 26.17115
Retrieved Text: Running is an excellent form of exercise, which can prevents and delays the onset of type 2 Diabetes, while improving the body’s sensitivity to insulin. It can help to build strong bones, strengthen muscles and improve cardiovascular fitness.
While running has many health benefits, you can put yourself at risk of injury if you are not well-prepared. Good preparation can also have a big impact on your performance during a race. Here are some tips on what to do before a big run!
Rest Up – Sleep plays an important role on a person’s physical and mental condition. Being well rested helps you to concentrate during the race, while sleep deprivation affects your body’s ability to recover from fatigue. To be well rested, you should have several nights of good sleep before the race.
Fuel Up – Running is an exercise that requires a lot of energy. Make sure you have enough energy to complete the race by loading up on carbohydrate rich food. You should also drink often the day before a race, so that you are already well-hydrated before it even begins.
Warm Up – The pace at which you run can place a lot of stress on your body, especially when you start from rest. Prepareyour body for a faster pace by warming up. This activity slowly increases your heart rate, lowering the strain on the cardiovascular system. The temperature of your muscles will also be increased, reducing stiffness and risk of injury.
Through these simple steps, your body will be optimised for the race, allowing you to

########
Rank: 18
Score: 26.167248
Retrieved Text: This article describes a recipe for Korean kimchi that is as delicious as it is healthy.
There are probably as many different recipes for Kimchi as there are Koreans, but nothing on earth tastes as good or is as good for you. (For an explanation of it’s health benefits, see What Makes Kimchi So Healthy?) Kimchi can be based on a variety of vegetables, but arguably the healthiest and most common version is based on cabbage.
The recipe in this article is one I learned from Grandmaster Tae Yun Kim on a Self-Discovery Weekend. This is probably the ultimate kimchi recipe. A lot of Korean foods are too hot for the Westerner to enjoy at first. But this recipe blends a variety of flavors and textures in a way that suits the Western palette. It also provides a pleasing mixture of colors and adds a bit of fruit to sweeten the taste.
One of the interesting aspects of Grandmaster’s teaching is that the energy you are generating while preparing food goes into the food through the energy fields around your body, and especially your hands. The directions in this article capture as much as possible of the flavor of that teaching, encouraging you to generate the best possible energy while cooking. If nothing else, consciously preparing your food will be a healthy and rewarding experience, irrespective of any effect it may have on the food itself.
If you have already tried kimchi, and you like it, then you are going to just love this recipe. If you didn’t like it,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 26.16659
Retrieved Text: Chicken, turkey and duck are rich in vitamins and minerals. They are also a good source of protein for you and your family. But because raw poultry can carry bacteria and other germs that can make people sick, keeping your poultry safe is important. So here's some tips to help you shop for, store, and cook poultry as well as clean and sanitize the surfaces it has touched.
Sanitize the shopping cart handle.
Beware! Bacteria and other germs may be lurking on the handle of your shopping cart. Take advantage of those free sanitizer wipes usually found by the carts, and wipe down the handle. That way if the customer before you touched a leaking package of chicken, those juices won’t end up on your hands.
Make the meat department one of your last stops when shopping.
Bacteria grow well when chicken and other poultry is left out at room temperature. That’s why the meat department should be one of the last stops on your shopping list. Why? This will reduce the time poultry spends riding around in your cart and will help keep bacteria from growing.
Make sure the poultry is fresh.
chance to grow and could make you or your family sick.
Buy poultry before the “sell-by” date.
USDA recommends that you buy raw poultry before the sell-by date.
Bag raw poultry before placing it into your cart.
leaking onto your other groceries.
Store raw poultry away from other food in your cart.
or deli meat. That’s asking for trouble. Try putting it on the bottom of the cart, where you put your cases of water

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.158443
Retrieved Text: Friginox i-Chilling blast chillers / freezers are the only ones in the world to use a cooling air temperature automatically adapted to the product to be cooled.
With an unwavering commitment to maintaining natural food quality and assisting in the process of managing food safety, Friginox Blast Chillers and Blast Freezers create peace of mind that your food products are given the respect they deserve.
Established in 1973 in Villevallier, France, Friginox is on the leading edge of professional refrigeration equipment. The manufacturer of one of the first blast chillers in 1982, Friginox is now a leader in the foodservice industry offering a complete line of Blast Chilling and Blast Freezing solutions (reach-in and roll-in) for restaurants, caterers, bakeries, pastry shops and food production facilities.
Friginox constantly invests in Research and Development and uses high quality materials and advanced solutions to engineer hygiene, safety, productivity, innovation and dependability into their equipment to meet the demands of an ever-evolving, ever-increasing market place.
The new touch screen control panel range offers simplicity in use, which reduces the overall footprint to create more space and improves energy efficiency. The new, extended range ensures that a solution is available for a wider range of commercial kitchen applications.
When blast chilling or blast freezing food products it is critical to have control of the process taking into consideration the product being chilled. The TS range provides exceptional flexibility in operation with Soft Chilling, Hard Chilling, Soft Freezing, Hard Freezing and Self Adaptive I-Chilling as standard on all models.
When selecting the exclusive Self Adaptive I-Chilling mode data

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.092585
Retrieved Text: Some simple adjustments to your refrigerator, your freezer, and the way you store food will lead to improved energy efficiency and food safety.
More than 44 million refrigerators in the United States are over 10 years old, which means they're not as energy efficient as they could be. If buying a newer, more energy efficient refrigerator isn’t on your shopping list right now, making some minor adjustments in the way you use your current refrigerator can help you save money and protect the environment while improving food safety.
Adjust the temperature. It's recommended that you keep your refrigerator between 37°F and 40°F, and your freezer at 5°F. Freezers used for long-term storage should be kept at 0°F. Keeping your refrigerator and freezer within these recommended temperature ranges is an important part of food safety, since it can slow bacteria growth and reduce the chances of spoilage.
Keep it clean. Unless you have a no-clean condenser, you should clean your refrigerator condensers every 12 weeks. Do this by moving your refrigerator away from the wall and using a vacuum to remove dust and debris from the condenser coils.
Keep the door shut. Always close your refrigerator and freezer doors, and make sure they're sealed tight. If you're having a problem with the door sealing, you may need to have the seal or latch fixed or replaced.
Cover your foods. Any foods or liquids you put in the refrigerator should be covered, since uncovered foods release moisture that decreases the energy efficiency of your refrigerator's compressor.
Keep out the heat. Avoid putting foods into

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.089148
Retrieved Text: If you like to get creative in the kitchen, you probably don’t give much thought to how much power you’re using – not when there are more important things to measure. Well, just take a minute now to think about all the things going on in the kitchen when you’re cooking – the oven is heating, the stove top is probably bubbling away with one or two pots and you may even have the microwave, the kettle or the grill going as well.
When you add up all of that power used, every night of the week just to feed your family you’ll probably start wondering if there’s a better way. You don’t have to resort to takeaway food to tone down the power consumption in your kitchen, all you have to do is cook smarter and below are 24 ways you can save energy when you cook, and most of them won’t even cost you a grain of salt.
The same way you wouldn’t run your dishwasher or washing machine half full because it’s a waste of energy, so too should your oven be full when you use it. With more homes opting for a gourmet style kitchen you may even have a large freestanding stove which you use to cook just one tray of muffins or roast one chicken breast. Instead, think about what else you can fill your oven with – you may take something from the stove and cook it in the microwave instead, or maybe you can double or triple your recipe and

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.0251
Retrieved Text: Nations Press health The Dangers In Your Kitchen:THE REAL REASON WHY EATING RICE COULD KILL YOU!!
The Dangers In Your Kitchen:THE REAL REASON WHY EATING RICE COULD KILL YOU!!
We always want to save money and one of the best way is to eat leftover food by re heating it first. But there is a danger in some food when you reheat.
There are hidden dangers in your kitchen and rice, a staple of many of our meals could be one of the biggest culprits.
And it’s not just your own kitchen you need to be wary of - people can also be at risk of food poisoning in their favourite pubs and restaurants or even finishing up last night's chinese takeaway.
A bad bout of food poisoning can cause vomiting, diarrhoea and stomach cramps and put you out of action often for 24 hours. NHS Choices said other symptoms can include a a lack of energy, loss of appetite, a high temperature, chills and aching muscles. In some extreme cases, the symptoms can also lead to dehydration and even death.
A 2014 report by the The Food Standards Agency showed 500,000 people got food poisoning - attributable to 13 different types of pathogens, or bacteria including E. coli, campylobacter and salmonella.
Although some people believe the biggest food poisoning risks come from meat, people can get food poisoning from eating reheated rice.
However, experts suggest it is not the reheating that’s the cause of food poisoning - it is the way it is stored before it goes back in the pan.
The FSA said:

########
Rank: 24
Score: 25.93855
Retrieved Text: Defrosting regularly can save £100 per year. Do so at least once a year, or when there is more than 1cm of frost covering a large area of the surface.
Make sure to keep it at 5°C or below.
Make sure all seals and drawers close properly.
Keep it stocked up – fridges work best when three quarters full. But it doesn’t work well when overfilled!
Don’t store stuff on top and keep it away from the wall to allow air to circulate around it.
Hoover dust from condenser coils at the back or underneath the fridge.
A lot of people think it’s cheaper to use an electric heater to heat a room instead of central heating. However, it’s estimated that having one on for two hours a day could cost £200 over a year. It may actually save you money to keep your house at a reasonable constant temperature using central heating and then just put an extra jumper on if you need it! If you’re wasting heat through your walls and roof, you should look at insulating.
Picking a dryer with a good energy rating is key here – it could make all the difference to your bills. An inefficient C-rated dyer is estimated to cost a huge 49p per load, while an A-rated model should cost around 14p per load. The investment in replacing old/inefficient appliances could pay off in the long run by lowering your bills.
If you have to use it, make sure to clean the lint filter each time to help air circulate and stop it overheating, which

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.93295
Retrieved Text: If you call yourself an Emergency Preparedness person, you probably have a crock pot and use it all the time. What kind of 21st century emergency preparedness is there if you don’t have crock pot meals at least once a week? The fatal flaw with crock pots, however, is that you have to keep them plugged in, which is a problem if you experience any kind of power outage.
It’s always useful to acquire various off-grid cooking methods. Campfires are great for marshmallows and hot dogs, but to cook something like a stew, you need to have a lot of fuel handy. I have always been interested in learning to use a solar oven, but creating an efficient one at home can be tricky, and a nice commercially-made one can run into real money so I’ve been afraid to try it.
If only there was a way to create slow-cooker meals without having to rely on the power grid – something energy-efficient that has the reliability of a crock-pot but without being as fussy or intimidating as a solar oven. Someone should invent something like that.
With this introduction, may I humbly suggest the haybox. Simple, easy-to-use, hayboxes have actually been around in one form or another for ages—at least over a century. Original hayboxes were, as the name suggests, boxes full of hay. You cook with it in a way that does not involve using the hay for fuel.
Here’s how it works: If you’re making a stew or a small roast, put everything on in a conventional pot

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.87288
Retrieved Text: University of Nottingham > Blogs > Off Campus > Advice > Save Money AND Do Your Bit for the Environment!
Greatly impressed by the work that goes on in the buildings and grounds on campus to increase our sustainability, we wanted to share some tips with students living off campus. Considering the environment can lead to personal rewards – being energy efficient at home will reduce your energy bills and your carbon footprint, as well as making you feel good!
We have done some research to come up with our TOP 10 SUSTAINABILITY TIPS. We have hand-picked some easy to make changes that require only a small amount of effort. Let us know how you get on!
Use a lid when cooking; putting a lid on your saucepan will reduce the amount of energy needed to cook whilst cooking your food quicker. Dinner quicker and cheaper? Yes please!
Only boil the amount of water you need when making a cuppa: don’t fill your kettle up, you can use a cup or mug as guide for the amount of water you need.
Don’t throw away your unwanted items. One man’s waste is another man’s treasure – pass it onto friends, charity shops or put it on eBay to make yourself some extra cash!
Stop unwanted junk mail by signing up to the Mail Preference Service at www.mpsonline.org.uk Less waste and no more annoying piles of mail by the front door!
Save money by turning off lights, appliances and computers, rather than leaving them on standby. Most utility suppliers provide electricity monitors for free so

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.836847
Retrieved Text: An interesting subject is regarding how efficiently a human operates as if it were a machine! We know that automobiles of the 1970s generally operated at around 15% overall thermal efficiency (which has now been increased to around 21%). We know that electric power plants operate at about 30% overall thermal efficiency and then that the power grid distribution system operates at around 40% thermal efficiency, which results in around a 13% overall thermal efficiency, regarding the energy that started out in the coal or uranium and the electricity that actually gets to us. We know that photosynthesis in plants (such as corn and wheat crops) is only around 1% to 2% efficient regarding the energy received as sunlight. So what about us?
These "overall thermal efficiency" figures are a rigorous scientific evaluation of any machine, taking the total developed energy or power (such as the actual energy and power that an automobile creates and makes available to its wheels) divided by the total amount of energy that is available from the source fuel (such as the 126,000 Btu of energy available from a gallon of conventional gasoline) (times 100 to get percent). This number is really one of the best guides for an overall comparison of different types of machines.
In the case of human efficiency, we must necessarily analyze two different things, the energy we necessarily use up to maintain life, called Basal Metabolism energy, and the energy we use up in doing productive work, whether that is physical labor or mental effort.
A human body is

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.819399
Retrieved Text: You have bought a very convenient and efficient gas grill, but there’s something lacking in there. It lacks the ability to give food the traditional smoky flavor.
A gas grill is perfect for direct and indirect grilling. Unfortunately, it doesn’t perform well when it comes to smoking.
There are several easy and quick ways that allow to add smoke to a gas grill and turn it into a decent smoker.
To do that, you’ll need the right tools depending on the method.
Ohh, I forgot about one important thing, if you don't have right now a gas grill or want upgrade your outdated grill to a new model you can check out my gas grills reviews list.
If you wish to smoke meat on a gas grill much more often, I suggest the smoker box method.
Plenty of better gas grills are equipped with a smoker box. If your grill doesn’t have it, I really recommend getting one. It makes smoking with a gas grill easier and more convenient.
So let’s get to the point – place the smoker box as close to the source of heat as possible, preferably directly above the burner in your grill. Then put dry wood chips in it. People often keep wood chips in water for half an hour before cooking, they do it to prevent the wood chips from catching on fire.
However, the thing about a smoker box is that it doesn’t have holes in the bottom, which means that wood chips should be safe and shouldn’t catch on fire. I’d like to stress out that

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.813578
Retrieved Text: How Does the Raw Food Diet Work? The raw food diet (also called rawism) is based on the idea that plants are the most wholesome for the body when they are in their natural state. This means they are not cooked or processed. Although most of the food you eat is raw, you can heat food as long as the temperature stays between 104 and 118 degrees Fahrenheit. The maximum temperature varies within the raw food community. The Raw Food Diet is a definite lifestyle choice, and not just a weight loss plan. Abiding by the raw food diet is very difficult and time consuming because you spend a lot of time in the kitchen peeling, chopping, blending, straining, and dehydrating. However, the health benefits can be wonderful if you're willing to put in the time.
2Do you have a hard time eating enough fruits and vegetables?
4Do you want to have a more earth friendly diet?
The Raw Food Diet promise to you?
The Raw Food Diet is based on the idea that food was meant to be eaten in its natural state, and that our bodies were meant to process food in this same state. As we eat more raw foods, we will have more energy, reduce our risk of disease, improve our skin and lose weight. The Raw Food Diet has also been shown to reduce cholesterol and possibly slow down the aging process. In short, if you switch to a Raw Food Diet, you will not only feel better and be less susceptible to disease, you

================



======= Instance Index 5 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are decrease or increase ):

When your brain senses that your body temperature is increasing, it sends messages to the blood vessels in the skin to increase in diameter.


If Milo has just performed a hard workout and his body temperature increases, what happens to the size of his blood vessels decrease or increase?

Target Text: increase

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 39.959835
Retrieved Text: What if I told you only need 4 minutes to get in shape. Would you start working out?
Well it really only takes 4 minutes if you're willing to push yourself hard. 4 minute is all you need to burn major calories, lose weight and tone up your body.
What can you achieve in 4 minutes?
Dr. Izumi Tabata said a lot more than what you can in 60 minutes.
Tabata workouts (also known as High-intensity intermittent training) invented by Dr. Izumi Tabata and his research team from the National Institute of Fitness and Sports in Tokyo only last 4 minutes and 20 seconds and are proven more effective than 60 minute moderate workouts.
Tabata is an equation: 20/10 x 8 = 4. The 20 stands for seconds of work, the 10 stands for seconds of rest and the eight represents the number of rounds performed.
The sum of the equation equals four minutes of intense exercise. It's that simple an easy.
It's in the workout structure and intensity.
It may be just 4 minutes, but Dr. Tabata surely knows how to make those 4 minutes feel like eternity in the burning hell. Without further adieu, let me introduce you his 4 Min Tabata Workout.
Take 10 second rest in between each set. Complete 2 sets.
The Secret Sauce to Maximum Calorie Burn. So how does this workout perform much better than other longer workouts?
Tabata workout is short and intense.
It's just what you need to stir up your metabolism and shed off body fat.
High intensity workout such as this triggers Afterburn Effect, the effect essential to

########
Rank: 1
Score: 36.055336
Retrieved Text: The Bruce Lee Workout reveals the secrets to his routine. Bruce Lee is known for having a lean body, yet he was full of strength and agility. Lee was very secretive about his training. This is because martial arts centers around personal growth and inner strength, it’s not something you gush about.
Bruce Lee’s workout was discovered by his daughter, Shannon Lee. Shannon Lee shared the Bruce Lee workout that she found in her late father’s possessions. The workout and training notes were featured in Muscle & Fitness (October 2014 issue).
Don’t allow your goals to be superficial. Think deeply about your motivations, and pursue them in ways that elevate your performance. Accept what is useful, reject what is useless, and add what is essentially your own, and apply it to your workout.
Bruce Lee developed a circuit training routine long before it was popular. He found that training all his muscles was a more balanced approach. For his goals, it was much better than focusing on a singular muscle group.
This is because Bruce Lee was focused on power and agility, but not massive increases in size. For anyone focused on a lean frame, circuit training is the way to go. By doing different exercises for different body parts, blood has to flow much quicker.
As your blood is flowing quicker through body, your heart has to work harder. Circuit training requires more pumping blood, increasing your heart rate. An increased heart rate during weight training (or cardio) is the key to fat burning.
The Bruce Lee Workout for lean muscle

########
Rank: 2
Score: 35.128155
Retrieved Text: Just showing up and lifting isn't going to maximize your muscle and strength gains. Here's how to implement the most critical principle of bodybuilding: progressive overload.
If just showing up at the gym is half the battle in your efforts to get in shape, then the other half is understanding the most important principle in building size and strength: progressive overload.
Unless you understand and incorporate this key concept into your training, simply showing up won&apos;t go far in helping you achieve your training and physique goals.
The story of Greek athlete Milo of Croton—a wrestler of renown in the 6th century B.C. —best explains the concept. According to legend, Milo trained by carrying a calf on his shoulders every day from its birth until it became a full-sized ox. As the load imposed by the calf gradually increased, so did Milo&apos;s strength, and therein lies the key. His body adapted over time.
When you overload your muscles via resistance training, you trigger the body&apos;s natural adaptive response to the demands placed on it (given good nutrition and rest) by growing bigger and stronger. Overload simply means you make your muscles work beyond the capacity to which they are accustomed. You need to continually increase the overload over time if you expect them to continue growing in size and strength. Otherwise, your body and gains will stagnate.
"The body will only change according to the level at which it&apos;s stressed," says Jimmy Peña, CSCS, exercise physiologist and bestselling author. "The progressive part kicks in when, over time, [muscles] grow stronger and

########
Rank: 3
Score: 34.415688
Retrieved Text: In antiquity, stories of ancient heroes were used to inspire youngsters towards greatness. One story tells of Milo of Croton, the greatest wrestler of his generation.
Milo was so strong that after his victory at the Ancient Olympics, he carried a life-size bronze statue of himself to its stand in the alleyway of heroes at Olympia.
Just like the Olympics today, ancient athletes spent considerable time training in order to win their individual matches, as well as immortality; stories of their feats are still being recounted after generations.
Milo is one such athlete; stories of his discipline and training are legendary.
He came from the city of Croton in Magna Graecia (now in southern Italy) and was a six-time Olympic champion, also winning numerous titles at the Pythian, Nemean, and Isthmian Games.
One mantra of modern training that Milo also used is the progressive overload, where you add heavier and heavier weights as you progress. The story goes that one day, seeing a small bull that had recently been born, he hoisted it onto his shoulders and walked around with it. He got such a good workout out of it that he decided to do it every day.
As the bull grew stronger and larger over time, and so did Milo.
Forget Spartacus as the greatest gladiator of all time. He’s more famous for leading a revolt than what he accomplished in the arena.
Spiculus was the Mike Tyson of his day, the greatest fighter of his generation. Men trained in order to be able to look and fight like him, and women threw

########
Rank: 4
Score: 34.3258
Retrieved Text: Think you don’t need to take time to warm up before you exercise? Here are seven good reasons why you should take 3-5 minutes to properly warm up before you hit the gym, the track or the courts.
Warming up before your workout will greatly reduce your risk of injury. It only takes 3-5 minutes and your warm up will prepare both mind and body for for the physical training that is about to follow.
Warming up increases the temperature of muscle. Your warm up really does warm up and increase the internal temperature of your body. And warm muscles contract more fully and stretch more easily. Most importantly, warm muscles stretch before they tear and are less likely to strain or pull during your workout.
Warming up increases blood flow. As you warm up, your heart begins to pump faster and your blood vessels begin to dilate allowing greater blood flow to your muscles which increases the supply of oxygen and nutrients to your muscles. More oxygen and nutrients improves strength and endurance.
Warming up lowers your blood pressure. Warming up and actively moving signals your blood vessels to dilate (increase in size) which allows your blood to travel more freely. Larger blood vessels decrease the workload of your heart, lowering your blood pressure.
Warming up increases flexibility. As your body temperature and circulation increase, so does the flexibility and range of motion of your muscles and joints. Warming up properly will decrease the risk of soft tissue injuries of joint tendons and ligaments.
Warming up prepares you mentally. After you

########
Rank: 5
Score: 34.18616
Retrieved Text: Milo Yiannopoulos could be fired from Breitbart after a 2015 video in which he defended and advocated for pedophilia resurfaced online.
After issue that is basically a non-apology, blaming deceptive editing and poor wording for his comments, Fox News is reporting that as many as a dozen Breitbart senior staffers are threatening to walk if Milo is not fired.
It’s worth noting as Gasparino points out, that Breitbart has generally stood by even Milo’s most controversial statements.
“I just know that inside Breitbart, there are people saying that there’s a good chance — there is a debate, there are people that want him to stay — but they find this thing very, very hard to defend and we’re going to see what happens,” said Gasparino.
During the election, as white nationalism and white supremacy was tired directly to the site, advertisers started walking. The decisions to fire Milo would likely be to protect the site from further damage. Don’t be fooled for a second it’s because they don’t defend Milo’s heinous words.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 33.936428
Retrieved Text: Shahrukh Khan, (born 2 November 1965), is an iconic Indian television personality, film actor, and producer who has been noted as one of the most prominent movie actors in the world in terms of earnings and worldwide fan following. In his illustrious acting career, SRK has made appearances in over 80 Bollywood films and has been granted with numerous awards and privileges.
The “King of Bollywood” or “King Khan”, as he is popularly called is also gifted with a slim and toned physique. His six-pack abs in the 2007-movie Om Shanti Om made heads turn while his second avatar featuring eight-pack abs in the 2014-film Happy New Year mesmerized everyone. Even at 50, SRK has successfully achieved such a chiseled body, which shows that if you work hard and have the right approach, no goal is out of your reach.
The “Baadshah of Bollywood” is well aware of the fact that a nutritious diet is accountable for being hale and hearty. He eschews foods with high carb content including white rice, white bread, refined grains, alcoholic beverages, and sugary and fried foods. Instead, he prefers eating green leafy vegetables, fruits, and legumes. The protein requirement of his body is fulfilled by the consumption of egg whites, lean meats, grilled chicken, pulses, etc. Moreover, SRK always remains alert about controlling his daily portion size.
Shahrukh has worked out rigorously with discipline, determination, and passion for building his sculpted body, but the guidance needed to train hard has come from the celebrity fitness trainer Prashant Sawant. The superstar has been training

########
Rank: 7
Score: 33.17572
Retrieved Text: Milo and Wanda have always sat in the same pew of our church, on the north side. And they were always touching, holding hands. His arm was often draped around her, along the back of the pew. Her hand rested on his leg.
He dragged around an oxygen tank. She needed knee surgery. They’d been married for nearly 65 years.
And they still had stars in their eyes.
One Sunday a while back, Wanda scooted over to my pew before church, and she held out her hand. “Look!” she beamed.
She wanted me to see what Milo had bought for her — a new Black Hills Gold ring. I looked over Wanda’s shoulder to see that ol’ lovebird beaming. He told me he’d seen the ring in a catalog that arrived at their farm. He thought she needed it — just because. He bought the ring for no other reason than love.
After church, we drank coffee together in the fellowship hall. I asked them the secret to their happy marriage. He asserted that it was mostly due to the fact that he was “always right.” He winked, and we all laughed.
And then Milo got a little teary-eyed. Because I asked him about their first years of love, the years filled with hope and that starry-eyed belief that deep happiness is possible. Milo and Wanda got married right there on the family farm, on April 28, 1950. And for years, they kept meeting in their fields. During planting season, she would run across the rows of newly planted crops to bring

########
Rank: 8
Score: 33.090466
Retrieved Text: Look for the hat to find Coach Milo! Either that or look for the biggest guy around doing the goofiest stuff - correctly!
In a room full of kids, Coach Milo is the biggest, loudest, goofiest and most active one there. His passion lies in finding better means and methods of getting his younger brethren to move, to explore the communication between their brains and muscles and the interaction of those with the environment. After that, it’s all about getting them moving more often!
Coach Milo is the founder of the Coalition for Launching Active Youth (C.L.A.Y.), an organization he established to help the fight against sugar, boredom, video games, televisions and adults who have lost their inner child. Fundamental movement is Milo’s weapon of choice. But give him a ball, bat, racquet and some space, and inactivity and obesity don’t stand a chance!
Coach Milo gets children, and the old folks who want to be more childlike, moving while educating them on youth health and fitness. He has taught in seminars throughout the world. He is an advisory board member of TPI and regularly appeared on the Golf Channel’s “Golf Fitness Academy.” Coach Milo is a co-author of “Movement: Functional Movement Systems: Screening, Assessment, Corrective Strategies” and also writes a physical fitness column. But mostly, Coach Milo spends his time working on that doctorate degree in movement-induced laughter and fun!
Check out this page to find out more about the Coalition for Launching Active Youth, and check out this page to find out more about Coach Milo.
Body Preparation or

########
Rank: 9
Score: 33.054485
Retrieved Text: Wondering if warm-up routines for triathletes and runners are really needed before training or racing?
So, is it worth it to include a warm-up?
Rise Endurance athletes know how important warming up is. In fact, warm-up details are spelled out in every workout they get. Why? Because performing a warm-up prepares your body for higher intensity exercise. It increases your heart rate, increases your core body temperature, increases breathing rate, and loosens up your muscles and joints. It also helps you mentally prepare for what you’re about to do.
In addition, performing your usual warm-up before races brings down anxiety levels. You become more calm and comfortable by performing your usual routine and feel at ease when you do the things you normally do on a daily basis. Performing a warm-up before training sessions, helps you mentally prepare for your workout and helps you make that switch from co-worker, boss, or parent to athlete.
Warming up has evolved over the years. What used to be an easy jog followed by static stretching is now a bit of jogging followed by dynamic movements and then perhaps some strides. The static stretching is now saved for after the workout.
Warm-ups don’t always have to be the same; they vary depending on your training session or goal of the race. Generally, you want it to last anywhere from 5 to 20 minutes. The length of your warm-up will depend on the type of workout you have planned.
Sometimes, it may be enough just to start out with an easy pace as part of your run.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 32.89868
Retrieved Text: As a thermogenic, Animal Cuts is extremely powerful. Thermogenesis is the ‘burning’ of calories from stored body fat. This in turn increases body temperature and provide a source of utilizable energy to the body. Animal Cuts includes potent thermogenics that can help boost the body’s natural ability to burn stored body fat while sparing lean mass (muscle), the body’s own fat-burning furnace.
When it comes to shedding excess water weight stored under the skin (the kind that gives you that “soft” look), Animal Cuts is extremely efficient. The problem with most diuretics is that they often deplete the body of key electrolytes, including potassium. When this happens, your muscles lose their pump and size. Unlike other products, Animal Cuts also contains potassium-sparing herbs which help preserve muscular fullness. Dieting is stressful. Dieting can cause the release of the ‘stress’ hormone cortisol. High levels of cortisol can wreak havoc on natural hormone production and actually eat away at lean muscles. This is precisely the opposite of what bodybuilders want, especially when the body is already in a depleted state from reduced caloric intake. Animal Cuts has a unique cortisol-inhibiting complex (including patented SerinAid) that is designed to help blunt cortisol production, allowing your body to stay in a more positive anabolic environment.
Finally, three additional components round out Animal Cuts’ potent formula. The first of these is a nootropic complex which contains important brain ‘boosting’ ingredients designed to help maintain proper brain chemistry and also allow for better focus and increased alertness during the workout. Another benefit of nootropics

########
Rank: 11
Score: 32.787582
Retrieved Text: What it Takes starts with Milo and his parents moving to Cape Cod where he meets Andrew after just a few days there. They’re both eight years old and instantly hit it off. I loved to see their friendship grow from Milo keeping secrets from Andrew to them sharing their most intimate secrets.
I loved to see both characters develop from kids to teenagers to young adults and then finally see them when they’re all grown up.
I want to take a bow for how Ms Sierra handled the abuse from Milo by his father. In the whole book there’s only one time where it’s on-page and not just mentioned by Milo or Andrew afterwards. And even reading that one scene was really difficult. The abuse follows Milo (and Andrew) throughout the story, through school and then college and even after Milo’s father dies. It’s always there but somehow Ms Sierra manages it, that it never becomes too much for the reader. There’s also always hope in her words that it might get better, that when Milo finally leaves for college he’ll be able to leave it all behind.
Of course it’s not that easy. Because his fathers words and actions are so deeply rooted inside Milo he can’t just shake it off and become a different person once he goes to college. And it wouldn’t have felt real if it had been that easy.
That’s another thing I really loved about this story, the way the characters and everything that happens feels so real. For example Milo’s fear and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 32.7421
Retrieved Text: Disclaimer: This is a bit detailed so please follow along.
In my last post I touched upon a few topics you may or may not have heard before and now I will explain what they are and what implications they have one your training and, more importantly, your results.
Intensity is a tricky word. It is deceiving. Mention “intensity” to anyone and they probably think of action movie explosions, the look in a fighter’s eyes before a title shot, or their last grueling Kettlebell Kamp workout. But, intensity, as I stated before and as it relates to training, is merely load over time. I will try to refer to what intensity actually is as load/time and what one thinks of as a “high-intensity workout” as a high-density workout hereafter.
Decreasing one’s time spent training rapidly increases load/time, and increasing the loads in the time you do spend training increases it, but not as quickly. To give you an example, snatching a 16kg kettlebell 100 times in 10 minutes (600 seconds) would produce a load/time of about 2.7. 16kgx100reps/ 600seconds=2.6666. This of course is not a PERFECT model because it does not take into account time spent at the “lock-out” position or “rack” position and instead assumes a constant degree of load, but it works in the case of the example and, more importantly, the theory behind varying degrees of intensity. If one performs the same load (16kg for 100 reps) in 400 seconds (6 minutes and 40 seconds), the load/time of their workout nearly doubles to 4! To produce

########
Rank: 13
Score: 32.551033
Retrieved Text: Kevin Darnell Hart (DOB: July 6, 1979), known as the fast-talking king of comedy, is one of the funniest American actors today. However, people might not know that he is a fitness freak and his body is as ripped as an athlete’s or a gymnast’s. The Real Husbands of Hollywood star takes part in health events where he motivates people to go to the gym and train hard. He has even shared his workout and diet secrets.
The 37-year-old actor trains under the guidance of his fitness motivator and trainer Ron Everline. Given the intense workout schedule of Hart, Everline makes sure that they start training early, preferably by 5 a.m.
Hart does not give excuses for a day off. He finds time to hit the gym 6-7 times a week regardless his busy work schedule. If he is at a hotel, Everline first visits the gym and checks the equipment that could be used for working out.
Hart’s workout routine is designed to help him build a strong upper body. He performs the exercises as circuits, which assists not just in gaining lean muscle but also in losing excess fat within a short span of time.
The Central Intelligence actor is committed to leading a healthy lifestyle. He mixes it up between his intense workouts and a nutritious diet plan. Not being a foodie makes it easier for Kevin Hart to stick to a healthy meal plan. Brown rice, vegetables, salads, and baked chicken are his staple food. He is not a big fan of bread and dairy products.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 32.2761
Retrieved Text: Home » blog » Coaching » Stuck Wasting Time in the Doldrums?
Clients frequently describe their goals or problems in metaphorical terms. This week’s theme seems to be a lack of movement – feeling stuck or “in the doldrums” combined with a lack of motivation – just wasting time.
It was the reference to the doldrums that inspired me to consult a favourite book – The Phantom Tollbooth by Norton Juster. OK, I confess, it’s a children’s book (as opposed to a weighty coaching manual), but children’s literature is a great source when it comes to metaphor.
If you are not familiar with the book, it tells of the adventures of Milo, a very bored little boy, who receives an unusual package one day: a make- believe tollbooth. When he drives through it in his electric toy car, he is suddenly transported to the Lands Beyond, a fantastic world of imagination where he has many adventures and learns many lessons.
One of the first places Milo is excited to visit is the Land of Expectations which is described as “the place you must always go to before you get to where you are going”. Having left the Land of Expectations, he follows a long and winding path; he loses interest, his mind wanders and he starts to daydream. Without realising it, he wanders into the land of the Doldrums, a land of greyness where nothing happens and nothing ever changes. The Doldrums are inhabited by the Lethargarians who spend all their time being busy doing nothing at all. In fact,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 32.242508
Retrieved Text: Gym Workout Sheet Beauteous 44Day Total Body Workout Plan TONE TIGHTEN YOUR BODY FROM HEAD TO picture is in category that can use for individual and noncommercial purpose because All trademarks referenced here in are the properties of their respective owners. You can browse other picture of Gym Workout Sheet Beauteous 44Day Total Body Workout Plan TONE TIGHTEN YOUR BODY FROM HEAD TO in our galleries below. If you want to see other picture, you can browse our other category.
Gym Workout Sheet Beauteous 44Day Total Body Workout Plan TONE TIGHTEN YOUR BODY FROM HEAD TO was posted in October 16 2018 at 6:13 am and has been seen by 55 users. If you want to view image in full size just click image on gallery or click "View Image" at the bottom of the image.
Your First Day at the Gym What to Do and What You Need to Know Strength Training Log Template Excel T Journal Free Printable Fourday Workout Routine Heath Fitness Pinterest Routine This 44Minute ResearchBased Workout Exercises Your Whole Body Workout Char Template Free Chart Best Strength Weight Lifting Sheets ExRxnet Workout Logs Name Workout Spell out your name and do those moves For beginners The best fullgym chest workout routine Muscle Fitness The Best Exercises for a Killer Upperbody Workout Routine Muscle Rory McIlroy Gym Routine The secrets behind his fitness Gym Workout Sheet.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 32.123016
Retrieved Text: Introducing to you Milo Saffron Extract Select. This product is guaranteed to work and it is by far the most recent breakthrough in weight loss. This is a natural Milo product which contains no artificial ingredients or preservatives, it is made from the saffron crocus. It helps to suppress your appetite and it is manufactured in FDA registered laboratory.
If you want to reduce body fat, try it today! Forget about the cheap weight loss supplements that don't provide result. Saffron Extract Milo AB has a 100% money back guarantee because we are sure that you will lose weight.
This product is known to help Milo women reduce body fat and blast unwanted belly fats in no time. Saffron Extract has been used for over three hundred years as a seasoning and over weight fragrance. This miracle extra body weight worker helps to suppress your appetite and your urge to over eat- which is the main cause of extra body weight and weight gain.
This supplement was featured on the Dr OZ talk show as a "The New Miracle Appetite Suppressant to Kill Your Hunger". It helps to prevent Milo emotional eating which is a big factor in extra body weight for many people. It naturally enhances the serotonin levels in your body, which are responsible for both your Milo mood and appetite.
It has been shown through Medical Doctors extensive Alberta research that low serotonin levels are the direct cause of binge eating and poor dietary weight loss food selections. Through increased levels of serotonin your Milo body can

########
Rank: 17
Score: 32.000393
Retrieved Text: When I was younger I believed in the notion that the human body resisted getting in better shape. I believed that every cell in my body was geared towards staying smaller, weaker and efficient as possible. This belief led me to view exercise as a method to punish and train the body through pushing it against its utmost limits of potential. Unfortunately, this led to a lot of burnout, frustration, injury and lack of motivation. Pushing to one’s limits is occasionally necessary to maximize one’s potential, but doing it all of the time is very taxing on the mind, the body and even the spirit.
Thankfully, I discovered the method of multidimensional progression and I understood that you don’t have to push yourself to your absolute limit to tell your body to change and improve. It was a great relief to know that I could improve within the aspects of intensity frequency or technique to find progression rather than just simply taxing myself as hard as I could. This led me to the realization that the body changes because we progress our exercise rather than just simply tax the body through maximum levels of pain or suffering. Not only does this save loads of stress and frustration but it also helps protect ourselves from burnout, injury, overtraining and boredom.
In today’s article I want to talk about another concept that this opens us up for. It’s a concept that many people often discredit but it’s a very valuable lesson to those who want to maximize their potential and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 31.909693
Retrieved Text: This is my second time reviewing this character within about a month. If you want to see my thoughts on the orginal Saint Cloth Myth release for this character, you can check it out here.
Scorpio Milo is the guardian of the House of Scorpio. Each of these houses is a line of defense for the inner part of Sanctuary where the Pope (of Sanctuary, not the Catholic faith) and Athena reside.
Scorpio Milo squares off against Hyoga, who decides to fight Milo in order to allow his friends to continue in their race to save Athena, whose her death draws near. During the fight with Milo, Hyoga receives Milo’s signature attack, the painful and deadly Scarlet Needle.
This attack injects poison into the victim that causes them to scream in pain as their body slowly loses all five senses and culminates in death when Milo deals the final attack. Milo pierces Hyoga in fourteen points of his body corresponding to the fourteen stars of the Scorpio constellation.
Milo realizes, however, that as he had landed the final strike of the Scarlet Needle, Antares, Hyoga had landed fourteen attacks of his own (in the same pattern as the Scarlet Needle) on Milo’s body. Milo admits that his victory is a shallow one, as he won the fight only due to the protection of the Scorpio Cloth. Recognizing Hyoga’s strength, Milo heals Hyoga’s wounds, thus allowing the Bronze Saint to continue his journey.
Milo does not make another major appearance in the series until the Hades Chapter, when the Specters of Hades

########
Rank: 19
Score: 31.900347
Retrieved Text: Home Fitness What’s the Best Time to Exercise?
Some people swear by a 6 a.m. jog to get their hearts racing and get psyched up for the day. Others wouldn’t dream of breaking a sweat before noon, preferring a walk around the neighborhood after dinner. But is any one time of day the best time to exercise?
The truth is that there’s no reliable information to suggest that calories are burned more efficiently at certain times of day. But studies have shown that the time of day can influence how you feel when exercising.
The most important thing is to choose a time of day you can stick with, so that exercise becomes a habit.
Your body’s circadian rhythm determines whether you’re a night owl or an early bird, and there’s not much you can do to alter it.
Circadian rhythm is governed by the 24-hour pattern of the earth’s rotation. These rhythms influence body functions such as blood pressure, body temperature, hormone levels, and heart rate. All of which play a role in your body’s readiness for exercise.
Using your body clock as a guide to when to go for a walk or hit the gym might seem like a good idea. But there are other important considerations, such as family and work schedules, or a friend’s availability to exercise with you.
If you have trouble with consistency, morning may be your best time to exercise, experts say. Research has shown in terms of performing a consistent exercise habit, individuals who exercise in the morning tend to do better. The thinking is

########
Rank: 20
Score: 31.772396
Retrieved Text: Twilight: Eclipse is out on June 30, which means that Bella (Kristen Stewart), Edward (Robert Pattinson), Alice (Ashley Greene), Victoria (Bryce Dallas Howard), Jacob (Taylor Lautner), and – of course – Emmett, played by Kellan Lutz, are back.
Kellan Lutz, who also happens to be the new Calvin Klein cover model, is fitter than ever for his role reprisal. During his time off since Twilight: New Moon, Kellan spent a lot of time working outside of the gym by swimming and hiking. But when it came down to getting ready for Twilight: Eclipse, Kellan Lutz hit the gym hard with the workout routine (below) covered in Men’s Health.
“They created these giant treadmills called ‘Death Sleds.’ And we would just run on them for hours at a time, at 10-minute intervals,” he said.
Lie face up on the floor with your palms facing down. Bend your hips and knees 90 degrees. Raise your hips off the floor and crunch them inward. Pause, and then slowly lower your legs until your heels neatly touch the floor.
Hold the bar with an overhand grip that’s just [beyond] shoulder width. Raise your upper arms until they’re parallel to the floor. Set your feet shoulder-width apart. Keeping your upper arms parallel to the floor, push your hips back, bend your knees, and lower your body as far as you can. Simultaneously push your body back to the start as you press the bar over your head.
Get down on all fours and place your hands on the floor so that they’re slightly wider than and

########
Rank: 21
Score: 31.551891
Retrieved Text: "If you don't put half an inch of solid muscle on your arms, I'll pay your expenses to and from Florida."
As you can imagine, many bodybuilders made the journey to DeLand, Florida, in the early 1970s. I witnessed Jones put dozens of men through his workouts. And crazy as this whole challenge seemed, he actually made good on his promise. I never saw any of these men ask for his expenses to be reimbursed.
A quick half an inch of muscle on each arm? What was Jones's secret? How was he able to stimulate growth so fast?
The secret to such growth was totally unsuspected by most bodybuilders.
Jones would meet the arriving bodybuilder at the airport, bus station, or a local restaurant. Almost immediately he'd get out his tape and measure the trainee's upper arms – on the first flex, cold, and unpumped – and record it appropriately in his yellow tablet, along with the guy's name, age, and date. Arthur was a vigilant record keeper. Then, over a large and leisurely meal, they'd talk training and Jones's harder-but-briefer philosophy.
After an hour of conversation, Jones would check the visitor into a Daytona Beach motel, where he was instructed to spend the next three nights and days sleeping and resting. Invariably, the bodybuilder would ask, "But what about my workout?"
Jones knew from his dinner discussion that the bodybuilder was in a state of overtraining – as most were then, and are now – so it would be counterproductive to exercise him straight away in that condition. What he desperately

########
Rank: 22
Score: 31.494265
Retrieved Text: Testosterone levels peak around 30 minutes post-exercise. They then return to baseline by the one-hour mark.
Research indicates there are three factors that maximize post-workout rises in testosterone. They include training large muscle groups, lifting heavy, and using short rest periods.
This workout implements all three factors. You choose three multi-joint exercises, do 6-8 reps per set, and rest 5 minutes between exercises.
Testosterone levels peak around 30 minutes post-exercise and return to baseline by the one-hour mark. Now, will that temporary boost in testosterone from a high intensity workout result in significant muscle growth? That's the big question.
But let's shoot at this target from a different angle. If I outlined two resistance-training programs, one that produced a 15% increase in testosterone post-exercise and another that resulted in a 100% increase, you'd likely choose the one that gave your natural T levels a bigger boost, even if the boost was short lived.
The fact is, men who lift weights have higher resting levels of testosterone than men who don't push iron. Whether that increase comes from a cascade of hormonal events due to the temporary boost of testosterone post-exercise, or other physiological processes, is unclear. Even though scientists currently don't agree on how much of a difference that temporary boost will make, it makes sense that higher levels of testosterone can only help, so why not train in a way that has the most significant effect on boosting T?
The science comes from reputable research, not just any study printed in a random journal. Additionally, this type of training is backed

########
Rank: 23
Score: 31.430841
Retrieved Text: Maximize Your Workout by Recovering Like a Champ | Valet.
If you've been watching the Olympics, you've likely noticed some pretty intense recovery methods for the world's best athletes. From cupping and extreme stretching to neck-deep dunks in tubs filled with ice water, these guys will do anything to heal and alleviate the pain that comes with such epic training sessions. We mere mortals will probably never need such drastic measures, but that doesn't mean that you don't get sore after a long bike ride or workout in the gym. And if you're only focused on what you're doing while you're working out, you'll be missing out on all the muscle-building and toning your body does when you're finished. Here's how to boost your recovery to get the most out of your fitness.
Your body repairs itself when you go to sleep, and studies have shown that lack of proper sleep will have a significantly negative impact on your performance during your workout and your body's recovery afterwards. And that's largely due to the hormonal secretion that happens during sleep. Your body undergoes protein synthesis while you're asleep and that's when muscle-building anabolic hormone concentrations and activity increase as well. So an extra hour after a hard day of activity or a nap after a brutal workout could do your body good.
When your muscles are tight and sore, a lot of that discomfort occurs when our muscles (along with the connective tissue known as fascia) gets knotted. Multiple studies have proven that rolling your muscles out with a

########
Rank: 24
Score: 31.41879
Retrieved Text: when taking an infant’s temperature under the arm, should I add a degree or two for it to be correct?
My physician and nurse have always told me to add one degree when taking temp under the arm.
what is the “normal” temperature range for an infant? – taken orally -?
i know it’s different if you take it rectally or under the arm, but what is it orally?
i have a pacifier thermometer, so it stays in her mouth, and gives an accurate reading.
taking the temperature on a 1 month old infant?
taking the temperature on a 1 month old infant under the arm do you have to add 1 degree to what you get ?
at this age rectal is the most accurate. And I think your right.
what is the normal temperature range for an infant?
I have a 3 month old… I was taking his temperature a couple times a day under his arm but I was told to take it rectally… What is considered too low or too high?!
I believe if its taken under the arm, you add 1 degree. a baby that young needs to go to a dr. if the temp gets around 100 or higher, its not normal for a lil bitty one!
What temperature should I keep my home at with an infant in the house?
I am watching my niece overnight. She just got here and this question just came up in my mind. What is the right temperature to turn the heat to? She is 3 weeks old.
Most pediatricians advocate 74 degrees. You also might

########
Rank: 25
Score: 31.273176
Retrieved Text: Running. Yes, you sweat, you get tired, eventually you struggle to feel your legs.
But what happens inside the brain & body when we are running? What’s happening that we can’t see?
Right this second, in a natural state, your body will be turning sugar into energy through your breathing, in science they call this aerobic respiration. Yet, when we run the body struggles to get enough oxygen for this process.
So yes you feel the burn, but running doesn’t just cause feelings of pain and ache (otherwise nobody would do it surely?!).
Running can have positive effects on the mind.
Long distance running releases brain chemicals called endorphins which promote feelings of euphoria.
Running is also argued to be a natural anti-depressant, it releases the neurotransmitter dopamine which fuels a feeling of pleasure. This also activates serotonin which has been linked to regulation of mood, giving that “energy buzz”.
Research has found this activity to be a protective factor for mental illnesses such as anxiety and depression.
The body burns calories, how exactly?
By our metabolism a.k.a chemical reactions in the body working 24/7 that turn food into energy.
This energy releases oxygen that helps keep the body working, whether this is by keeping our heart beating or our lungs breathing. Running is considered an effective way to burn calories which activates our metabolism to do so.
As I’ve already mentioned, you sweat. It makes you smell and doesn’t look the most appealing either.
Why though? Running increases the heart rate and body temperature which causes the body to sweat as a consequence. This happens by activating

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.194271
Retrieved Text: Marla has just finished setting up.
Did Kelvin tell you he was the one who did this?
Daniel is Jarmo's business partner.
Granville's sentences are really hard to translate.
Leads doesn't plan to leave.
Aimee and his grandmother went to the bookstore.
Christopher left the house after eating lunch.
Lawrence is one of the more than 3,000 inmates on death row.
Jesus cleaned the house by himself.
Jeffie shared his mother's oatmeal cookie recipe with Mongo.
Erick will come looking for you.
There's no doubt that Allen is lying about it.
Billie and I talked to each other by phone.
All you have to do is tell Barrett to leave.
Keep taunting me and see what happens.
Isabelle came in with a wrench in his hand.
Calvin told Rex and Milo told John.
Elliot hit one of the boys and knocked him to the ground.
Mayor Mickey Jackson made a speech at a hotel conference room.
Tracy will always love you.
Do you know what Siping's surname is?

########
Rank: 27
Score: 31.123081
Retrieved Text: Home / Celebrities / Is Dwayne Johnson (The Rock) Using Steroids?
Is Dwayne Johnson (The Rock) Using Steroids?
Michael B. Jordan: Steroids or Natural?
Brock Lesnar: Steroids or Natural?
Christian Bale: Steroids or Natural?
Does Dwayne Johnson (The Rock) use steroids for bigger, better, faster gains? We think that these are the steroids responsible for his muscular physique.
Another big name with a big frame – Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson. Maybe you know him from WWE or his many appearances on the big screen, but whatever the case, you’re probably wondering – if The Rock is on steroids?
Now, there is no denying that Dwayne has the size in his genes. His father, Rocky Johnson, was humongous during his career as a pro wrestler. What’s more, his grandfather from his mother’s side was Peter Maivia, one of the best known WWE wrestlers of all time. While not as big as Dwayne’s father, he still had quite some muscle on him.
Dwayne Johnson a.k.a. “The Rock”, however, shows several telltale signs of steroid use. So, is he using them? Let’s find out!
A few years back, in an interview he did with Fortune, The Rock said that he was taking steroids when he was 18 years old. However, he did also mention that he was ignorant and that he has not used steroids since.
Now, there are two possible reasons as to why Dwayne Johnson made that claim. The first and more unlikely one is that he genuinely did not use them after that. However, it is far more likely that he said it not to set

########
Rank: 28
Score: 31.110168
Retrieved Text: Ever since I signed up wit KFit, I’ve been doing different types of workout every other day (if I’m not lazy). There’s this one good workout that I enjoy the most and got me hooked, it’s called Bikram Yoga. It was introduced by a well-known yogi master, Bikram Choudhury in the early 1970s.
If you want to practice this form of yoga, you need to perform 26 yoga poses and two breathing techniques in a heated room, about 104 Degree Fahrenheit (40 Degree Celsius) with a humidity of 40%. It’s too hot that it makes me sweat a lot without doing anything! You can just sit there, and then your sweat is gonna drip all over your yoga towel/mat.
Check out the pic above. It looks easy right? Vermz, my yoga teacher gave me an intro talk and showed me that chart on my first day. I said to myself, “That’s pretty easy”. But when we started doing all those poses in the heated room, I just wanna open all the windows and splash cold water on my face. It’s super hard, I was gasping for air. Well, that happened on my first day. After few more sessions, I became more comfortable.
Bikram yoga advocates extensive stretching of your body parts and muscles to increase your flexibility. The hot environment allows you to stretch your muscles and joints beyond normal limits. This yoga form loosens your muscles in the best possible manner and they become more toned and stronger as well. This hot yoga method also increases your spine

########
Rank: 29
Score: 31.091711
Retrieved Text: Perfect Thermogenic Stretchy Neoprene Plus Size Yoga Pants,unique fibers and material produce higher compression resulting in more sweating and help your body to sweat out harmful fats. Heats up your core body area and then burn excess calories in your body by retaining body heat .
Helps in burning tummy fat,reducing your abdomen and thighs .
Special neoprene material increases body temperature and absorbs sweat so youre always dry on the outside .
Comfortable,light-weight,stretchy fabric molds and moves with your body while performing any activity .
Designed to maximize the effectiveness of your workout and fat burn, expedite calorie burning .

================



======= Instance Index 6 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are it will increase or it will decrease ):

A decrease in greenhouse gas levels decreases global temperature and an increase raises global temperature.


John's company committed to decrease greenhouse gas production worldwide. What likely happens to the global temperature in the future as a result it will increase or it will decrease?

Target Text: it will decrease

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 48.99015
Retrieved Text: Commercial: companies, science magazines, etc.
Life on Earth would be very different without the Greenhouse Effect. The Greenhouse Effect serves to keep the long term annual average temperature of the Earth approximately 32°C higher than the Earth's temperature would be without the Greenhouse Effect.
Many chemical compounds found in the Earth’s atmosphere act as “greenhouse gases.” These gases allow sunlight, which is radiated in the visible and ultraviolet spectra, to enter the atmosphere unimpeded. When it strikes the Earth’s surface, some of the sunlight is reflected as infrared radiation (heat). Greenhouse gases tend to absorb this infrared radiation as it is reflected back towards space, trapping the heat in the atmosphere.
Radiative Equilibrium Temperature of the Earth - is the temperature that the Earth would have with no atmosphere, when infrared emission exactly balances the radiation received by the Sun.
If we assume that some of it (say 83%, like modern day Mars) is reflected, the temperature is 260oK. This is about 40o colder than the temperature today.
But, our actual temperature today is ~300°K. The atmosphere is responsible for increasing the actual temperature above the radiative equilibrium temperature. This increase is the so-called Greenhouse Effect.
Gases in the atmosphere can contribute to the greenhouse effect both directly and indirectly. Direct effects occur when the gas itself is a greenhouse gas. Indirect radiative forcing occurs when chemical transformations of the original gas produce a gas or gases that are greenhouse gases, when a gas influences the atmospheric lifetimes of other gases, and/or when a gas affects other atmospheric processes that alter the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 43.59644
Retrieved Text: The Integrated Carbon Observing System (ICOS) is a European Research Infrastructure (RI). A RI refers to facilities, resources and related services used by the scientific community to conduct top-level research. RI’s may be RIs may be ‘single-sited’ (a single resource at a single location), ‘distributed’ (a network of distributed resources), or ‘virtual’ (the service is provided electronically). CERN, the world’s largest particle physics laboratory is an example of a well-established research infrastructure.
ICOS-RI was created because it was considered important to establish a sustained greenhouse gas observation system to enable high quality climate change research and increase usability of the research data.
The mission of ICOS Research Infrastructure is to enable research to understand the greenhouse gas budgets and perturbations.
Track carbon fluxes in Europe and adjacent regions by monitoring the ecosystems, the atmosphere and the oceans through integrated networks.
Provide the long-term observations required to understand the present state and predict future behaviour of the global carbon cycle and greenhouse gas emissions.
Monitor and assess the effectiveness of carbon sequestration and/or greenhouse gases emission reduction activities on global atmospheric composition levels, including attribution of sources and sinks by region and sector.
Carbon dioxide (CO2) release to the atmosphere by human activity, including fossil fuel combustion, cement production and changes in land use patterns, has resulted in a 40% increase in atmospheric CO2 concentration, from 280 ppm (parts per million; equivalent to μmol mol-1) in preindustrial times to 400 ppm today. This increase has caused a measurable increase in global surface temperature, with significant consequences for human wellbeing predicted to occur when

########
Rank: 2
Score: 43.08332
Retrieved Text: In a project which may very well influence what energy assessors do in the future, scientists are setting out to determine whether it will be possible to remove sufficient greenhouse gases from the atmosphere to meet our current and future climate targets.
The £8.6m Greenhouse Gas Removal Research Programme will involve 100 researchers from across 40 UK universities and partner organisations, and fund seven PhD students to complete research programmes.
It is being funded by the Natural Environment Research Council, the leading UK public funder of environmental science, together with the Department for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy and two science and engineering research councils.
The NERC said in a statement yesterday: “The UK is committed to the 2015 Paris Agreement to keep global temperature rise well below 2°C and pursue efforts to limit the temperature increase to 1·5°C above pre-industrial levels.
“Alongside significant emission reductions, large-scale removal of greenhouse gases from the atmosphere could considerably increase the likelihood of achieving this goal.
None of this work directly involves the energy efficiency of buildings, but how far researchers can go in finding ways to remove greenhouse gases from the atmosphere is likely to determine how urgent is the task of reducing emissions from homes and businesses.
Researchers will investigate the potential for increasing carbon storage in agricultural soil and forests, and new ways to remove methane gas from the air on a local scale.
Others will look into using waste materials from mining as a greenhouse gas removal technique, and explore how bioenergy crops could be used in power stations in combination with

########
Rank: 3
Score: 42.57597
Retrieved Text: However, coal mining is a significant source of anthropogenic greenhouse gas emissions. Extracting coal through underground and surface mining releases methane (CH 4 ) stored in the coal bed and the surrounding geology.
ACARP is a collaborative program that utilises the experience and technical strength of both the coal mining industry and research institutions in solving technical problems and addressing issues of significance to the industry's long term future.
Nov 28, 2017· Switching from coal to natural gas for cooking is another way to reduce the production of greenhouse gases in our homes. Using solar panels for our energy requirements is an effective way to reduce greenhouse gases in our homes.
Greenhouse Gas Emissions Iowa Code section 455B.131, as amended by Senate File 485 in 2007, requires the Iowa DNR to include estimates of emissions of some greenhouse gases in its construction permitting and emissions inventory programs.
Global climate change, caused by the emissions of greenhouse gases (GHGs) that trap solar heat in the Earth's atmosphere, has major impacts on both people and the environment. Nearly 40% of GHG emissions are attributed to the design, construction, and operation of buildings.
This statistic shows the greenhouse gas emissions of mining company AngloAmerican from 2009 to 2017. In 2010, the company emitted approximately 20 million metric tons of greenhouse gases.
May 08, 2013· Coal mining accounts for about 10 percent of US releases of methane (CH 4), a potent global warming gas. It is the fourth largest source of methane, following landfills, natural gas systems, and enteric fermentation.
Caval Ridge Coal Mine Project Environmental Impact

########
Rank: 4
Score: 42.502544
Retrieved Text: How big will the American West's current fossil-fuel boom become, and how long will it last? Any answer involves as much art as science, but according to the International Energy Agency (IEA) and the U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA), which each year calculate outlooks for future energy production in the United States and around the globe, there are three primary scenarios for fossil fuel demand: business as usual; business tempered by a global effort to reduce greenhouse gases; and business more or less scrambled by a range of wildcards.
Under current world policies, the IEA predicts that global energy consumption will grow at 1.4 percent between now and 2035, which is a high rate, but still lower than the torrid 2 percent rate of the previous 25 years. Asia will be responsible for almost all the growth, with China accounting for half. On the other hand, if the world starts taking climate change seriously and follows through on policies to combat it, energy demand will grow much more slowly, between a projected 0.7 percent and 1.2 percent.
Some things likely won't change no matter what happens. The nation itself will consume the vast majority of the coal, natural gas and oil produced in the West -- currently, the U.S. consumes virtually all of the roughly 1 billion tons of coal, 20 billion cubic feet of natural gas and 2 billion barrels of oil produced domestically every year. In addition, developing Asian countries, particularly China, will drive the lion's share of growth in worldwide consumption, pushing up fossil fuel

########
Rank: 5
Score: 42.02952
Retrieved Text: Over the last couple of decades, there has been a growing awareness for Global warming all over the world. But before analyzing the impact of global warming, one should be aware about global warming. Global warming is the slow and steady increase in the average temperature of the Earth due to concentration of Greenhouse gases in the atmosphere. These gases mainly constitute of water vapor, carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide and ozone (“Greenhouse gas,” 2015). In the absence of these gases the average temperature of the earth would have been much lower. But over these years incessant and rapid industrialization all over the world has increased the concentration of these gases, especially carbon dioxide gas, in the atmosphere, resulting in what we term as global warming. Carbon dioxide is accumulating in the atmosphere both because of the burning of fossil fuels and forests (Agarwal & Narain, 1991).
The ramifications of global warming are mainly ocean warming, melting of the polar ice caps and increase in the average temperature of the earth. These phenomena in turn pose grave consequences which could in due time cause sea levels to rise, cause biological imbalance and result in destructive natural calamities.
Now that Greenhouse gas emissions have reached disastrous proportions, it is upon mankind to make a concerted effort to reduce such emissions. Various initiatives have been taken worldwide to reduce carbon dioxide emissions, the most significant amongst them being the Kyoto Protocol treaty adopted in Japan in the year 1997 and enforced since 2005, whereby developed countries have taken upon themselves

########
Rank: 6
Score: 41.65356
Retrieved Text: Planet Earth is currently experiencing unprecedented climate change linked to global warming.
Global temperatures have been increasing dramatically for the past 100 years.
A significant part of this warming is caused by an excess of greenhouse gases, the most significant being carbon dioxide.
Carbon dioxide is produced as a result of burning fossil fuels (oil, gas and coal).
Fossil fuels are the source of most of our energy, including heating and transport.
Reduced energy bills, especially when energy prices are expected to rise (see PEAK OIL).
Reduced carbon emissions, which will avoid higher bills in future to meet the cost of tackling climate change.
Further reading? The links are recommended, each taking a different approach.
The Climate Change Act of 2008 established legally binding reduction targets for UK greenhouse gas emissions. The overall aim is to cut emissions by 80% from 1990 levels by 2050. To make this transition, a series of carbon budgets have been set. These require reductions of 23% by 2012, 29% by 2017, 35% by 2022, and 57% by 2030. Note that the UK's 2030 target of 57% is well ahead of the 40% cuts agreed by EU leaders in 2015. But to achieve this will require profound changes in infrastructure and policies, according to the Committee on Climate Change, which advises the government on setting the targets.
The Copenhagen Accord, signed in 2009, gave international backing to prevent overall global temperature rising by more than 2 degrees Celsius, but little in the way of legally binding steps to achieve this. This ambition was strengthened by the 2015 Paris Agreement, adopted

########
Rank: 7
Score: 41.63432
Retrieved Text: Australia recently overtook Qatar to become the world’s largest exporter of gas (exported as Liquefied Natural Gas, or LNG). LNG is gas which has been cooled down to liquid form for storage and transport.
Producing and exporting LNG is driving dramatic growth in Australia’s greenhouse gas pollution. The growth of LNG exports has also led to rising and increasingly volatile gas prices here in Australia.
There are currently seven LNG production plants in Australia. By 2020, Australia will be operating ten LNG production plants and potentially exporting more than 80 million tonnes of LNG per year.
It’s no secret Australia’s greenhouse gas pollution levels are rising.
Without credible climate policy, projections anticipate pollution will keep going up – pollution levels in 2030 are projected to be higher than today. Australia’s dramatic expansion in LNG production and export is a major factor driving current and future emissions growth. Extracting, transporting and burning gas releases greenhouse gas pollution in the form of carbon dioxide and methane, which is a potent greenhouse gas (25 times more polluting than carbon dioxide).
LNG is driving emissions growth because producing LNG for export requires large amounts of electricity. In addition, ‘fugitive emissions’ (emissions from gas leaks, venting and equipment purging) are released at all stages of the gas supply chain from extraction through to transport and production. Fugitive emissions in Australia have risen 41% since 2005.
The dramatic growth in greenhouse gas pollution associated with LNG between 2015 and 2020 will effectively cancel out emissions reductions from Australia’s national Renewable Energy Target.
Indeed, the emissions resulting from unconventional gas

########
Rank: 8
Score: 41.59549
Retrieved Text: Natural gas, a fuel for the future, is key to both meeting the growing energy needs of Australia and Asia, and reducing greenhouse emissions and improving air quality in our region.
As one of Australia’s leading suppliers of natural gas, Santos recognises the science of climate change and is committed to being part of the energy and climate solution.
Natural gas produces less than 50% the greenhouse gas emissions of coal when used to generate electricity.
Reliable and abundant in Australia, natural gas plays an important role in a low-carbon future on a standalone basis and as the perfect partner for renewable energy.
If all of Australia’s forecast 85 million tonnes of LNG exports by 2020 replace legacy coal-fired power generation in Asia, Australian LNG will cut 300 million tonnes of global greenhouse gas emissions every year.
To put this in context, that’s three times the size of Australia’s 2030 annual emissions reduction target under the Paris Agreement.
We believe in transparently reporting our greenhouse gas emissions as well as our climate change strategy, governance, risks and metrics and targets, in line with the recommendations of the G20 Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations, all in our 2019 Climate Change Report.
We continually assess a broad range of climate change risks and undertake scenario analysis. Our scenario analysis against the International Energy Agency (IEA) Energy Technology Perspectives 2017 shows that the company’s value and earnings are resilient under each of the IEA’s three scenarios: policy commitments under the Paris Agreement, limiting global temperature rise to 2 degrees Celsius and limiting average

########
Rank: 9
Score: 41.019485
Retrieved Text: U.S. Clean Energy Fund is committed to help fight global climate change. Part of this mission is to help people better understand the problem we are facing.
I’ve written this article (and its companion article, Clean Energy 101) to get everybody up to speed on modern understanding of global climate change.
Global warming is the phenomenon of our planet getting warmer. Scientists have observed average global temperatures increasing by an average of 0.3°F per decade since the 1970s.
The world has maintained approximately the same temperature for most of human history. Disrupting this equilibrium will cause a multitude of problems.
Our planet gets nearly all of its heat by absorbing the sun’s radiation. Earth then radiates some of this heat back towards outer space, cooling the planet. A portion of this outgoing radiation is absorbed by our own atmosphere before it can escape, locking in the heat. This is called the greenhouse effect.
The greenhouse effect depends on some specific gases in our atmosphere called greenhouse gases (GHGs). The primary GHGs causing global warming are carbon dioxide (CO2) and (to a lesser extent) methane. These gases make up less than 0.05% of our atmosphere, but they are the primary regulators of the overall temperature on Earth.
CO2 has increased 43% from 280 to 400 ppm (parts per million).
Methane has increased 142% from 715 to to 1,732 ppb (parts per billion).
Scientists agree that these higher concentrations of greenhouse gases are responsible for the global increase in temperature.
Technically, the most impactful greenhouse gas is water vapor. However, water behaves quite differently from the other

########
Rank: 10
Score: 41.00232
Retrieved Text: Record heat, record drought, record floods, and stormy weather will become more common. The results are broad, affecting food production, the heart of our society, literally all ecosystems, and work or living conditions.
Are fires affected by climate change? The answer is simple, yes. Of course. A warming climate affects fire. Warming temperatures dry out land, making it all more flammable.
The number of large forest fires in the western United States has increased over 500%, the burned area over 1000%, since the 1970s and early 1980s. In some areas, the increase is much larger: area burned in northern US Rockies forests has increased 3000%. In Pacific north-west forests, 5000%.
With warmer temperatures, evaporation increases. The atmosphere draws more moisture from soils, and from the live and dead vegetation that, drier than it used to be, helps fuel fires.
Droughts have been drier and lasting longer in recent years. With higher air temperatures many regions in the world are experiencing, drier air, and more severe or frequent drought conditions.
the drier soils are less able to absorb the water, increasing the likelihood of flooding. And drought conditions make wildfires more likely.
Earth’s lower atmosphere is becoming warmer and moister, as a result of human emitted greenhouse gases.
When warm air holding moisture meets cooler air, the moisture condenses into tiny droplets and when heavy enough, they fall as precipitation.
Thus, more energy for storms and certain severe weather events, leading to heavier rainfall and snowfall events, increasing the risk of flooding.
Scientists expect the amount of rainfall during the heaviest precipitation events to increase more

########
Rank: 11
Score: 40.842182
Retrieved Text: The National Climate Assessment (NCA) is a central component of the U.S. Global Change Research Program (USGCRP). Every four years, the NCA is required to produce a report for Congress that integrates, evaluates, and interprets the findings of the USGCRP; analyzes the effects of global change on the natural environment, agriculture, energy production and use, land and water resources, transportation, human health and welfare, human social systems, and biological diversity; and analyzes current trends in global change, both human-induced and natural, and projects major trends for the subsequent 25 to 100 years. A draft of the Third National Climate Assessment report is available on the Federal Advisory Committee website. The final report is slated to be released in 2014.
These visualizations show projections of temperature anomalies from 2000 to 2100. For each year, the differences (or anomaly) between the model projected 30-year temperature average and the 1970-1999 average are shown. The dates displayed represent the center of the 30-year average; so, the 30-year spans are +/- 15 years from the displayed dates. Separate animations are shown for annual averages and for seasonal averages in the United States. Summer temperatures are displayed due to stakeholder interest in potential extreme heat events. The other seasons are included for completeness.
The data are from fifteen coupled Atmosphere-Ocean General Circulation Models (AOGCMs) from the World Climate Research Programme (WCRP) CMIP3 multi-model dataset (PCMDI 2012). These models are CCSM3, CGCM3.1 (T47), CNRM-CM3, CSIRO-Mk3.0, ECHAM5/MPI-OM, ECHO-G, GFDL-CM2.0, GFDL-CM2.1, INM-CM3.0, IPSL-CM4, MIROC3.2 (medres), MRI-CGCM2.3.2, PCM, UKMO-HadCM3, and UKMO-HadGEM. In those cases where an ensemble of

########
Rank: 12
Score: 39.90973
Retrieved Text: In response to the climate challenge, the agreement recognises that States have common but differentiated responsibilities, depending on respective capabilities and different national circumstances.
It takes into account the level of development and the specific needs of particularly vulnerable countries, for example. Beyond making financial commitments, industrialized countries will need to facilitate technology transfers, and more generally, adaptation to a low-carbon economy.
In terms of transparency, a system for tracking national commitments, which is slightly flexible for developing countries, has also been set up to keep track of everyone’s efforts.
The purpose of the agreement is to hold the increase in global average temperature to well below 2°C above pre-industrial levels and to ensure that efforts are pursued to limit the temperature increase to 1.5 °C.
To achieve this, it stipulates that all countries shall review their contributions to reducing greenhouse gas emissions every five years. Every new nationally determined contribution will need to be more ambitious than the last.
The Parties committed to reaching a global peak in greenhouse gas emissions as soon as possible, in order to achieve a balance between emissions and their removal in the second half of the century. The States are also required to increase their efforts to mitigate and reduce their greenhouse gas emissions.
The 195 States Parties involved in the negotiations committed to drawing up long-term low greenhouse gas emission development strategies. This is the first time that a universal agreement has been reached in the fight against climate change.
Certain legally binding rules will apply to the States Parties, such as the obligation for

########
Rank: 13
Score: 39.43456
Retrieved Text: Without dramatic reductions in greenhouse-gas emissions, most of the planet's land-based ecosystems -- from its forests and grasslands to the deserts and tundra -- are at high risk of "major transformation" due to climate change, according to a new study from an international research team.
They found that under a "business as usual" emissions scenario, in which little is done to rein in heat-trapping greenhouse-gas emissions, vegetation changes across the planet's wild landscapes will likely be more far-reaching and disruptive than earlier studies suggested.
"If we allow climate change to go unchecked, the vegetation of this planet is going to look completely different than it does today, and that means a huge risk to the diversity of the planet," said Overpeck, who conceived the idea for the study with corresponding author Stephen T. Jackson of the U.S. Geological Survey.
The findings are scheduled for publication in the journal Science. Forty-two researchers from around the world contributed to the paper. The first author is geosciences graduate student Connor Nolan of the University of Arizona.
Overpeck stressed that the team's results are not merely hypothetical. Some of the expected vegetational changes are already underway in places like the American West and Southwest, where forest dieback and massive wildfires are transforming landscapes.
"We're talking about global landscape change that is ubiquitous and dramatic," Overpeck said. "And we're already starting to see it in the United States, as well as around the globe."
But the new study, which took five years to complete, is the first to use paleoecological data -- the records of past vegetation

########
Rank: 14
Score: 39.401474
Retrieved Text: Dallas, New Delhi – February 11, 2019: Tech Mahindra Ltd. a leading provider of digital transformation, consulting and business re-engineering services and solutions has committed to reduce its absolute scopes 1 and 2 GHG (Greenhouse Gas) emissions 22% by 2030 and 50% by 2050, from a 2016 base-year. The same has been approved by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).
The SBTi approval confirms that Tech Mahindra’s long-term targets are in line with the level of decarbonization required to keep global temperature increase below 2°C, as compared to pre-industrial temperatures, as set out in the Paris Agreement on climate change.
Tech Mahindra is focusing on improving energy efficiency through process optimization, energy conservation initiatives, increased use of renewable energy and by investing in low emission and green technologies.
The Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) is a collaboration between CDP, the United Nations Global Compact, World Resources Institute (WRI) and the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF). The SBTi defines and promotes best practice in science-based target setting and independently assesses and approves companies’ targets. Science-based targets provide companies with a clearly defined pathway to future-proof growth by specifying how much and how quickly they need to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions.
Targets adopted by companies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions are considered “science-based” if they are in line with the level of decarbonization required to keep global temperature increase below 2 degrees Celsius.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 39.38966
Retrieved Text: The warming of the climate system is unequivocal, as is now evident from observations of increases in global average air and ocean temperatures, widespread melting of snow and ice, and rising global mean sea level. The Earth’s average surface temperature has risen by 0.76° C since 1850. Most of the warming that has occurred over the last 50 years is very likely to have been caused by human activities. In addition, changes in climate are increasingly coming to be linked with disasters and environmental trends that impact human societies.
In light of recent scientific findings that show that climate change is happening faster and more drastically than previously envisaged, it is urged that all possible mitigation efforts, including primarily preventing the emission of greenhouse gasses worldwide be immediately executed, and that societal adaptation measures be urgently developed and adopted.
EcoPeace researched the projections that are being made for climate change in a selection of Middle Eastern countries and territory; Egypt, Israel, Palestinian Authority, Jordan, along with adjacent river basin countries. The study focused on the anticipated impact this will have on human societies and economies, and the ramifications that this is likely to have on human security and political stability within this already volatile region.
It was found that a decrease in rainfall coupled with an increase in extreme climatic events due to climate change is likely to significantly decrease water availability in the region, with negative effects on food production and economies. This is likely to increase tensions between countries that share common water resources, and also potentially

########
Rank: 16
Score: 39.27454
Retrieved Text: A new study published in Nature found oil fields in Saudi Arabia had among the lowest greenhouse gas emissions on the planet, a feather in the cap of the Middle Eastern kingdom as governments worldwide combat climate change.
On the other end of the ranking was Venezuela, where oil fields measured a carbon intensity six times that in Saudi Arabia.
The study, which was authored by scientists at Stanford University and the Saudi national oil company Aramco, only looked at countries which supplied a significant share of China’s oil market, the world’s largest. That left out the United States, which only began exporting crude after Congress lifted a decades long ban in late 2015.
“China has been the world’s largest growth market for energy for the past 15 years and accounted for about 43% of the world’s oil consumption growth over this period,” the report reads.
The amount of greenhouse gas emitted during the production of oil and natural gas – whether though burning fossil fuels to power equipment or natural gas leaks – is likely to be looked at increasingly in the decades ahead as government’s try to prevent the world’s average temperature from increasing more than 2 degrees Celsius.
Scientists credited Saudi’s relatively low emissions rate to the natural productivity of its light oil fields and the low incidence of natural gas flaring in the kingdom – a technique that puts the powerful greenhouse gas methane into the atmosphere.
In Venezuela, on the other hand, the use of “steam flooding” to increase oil flow rates from its heavy crude fields

########
Rank: 17
Score: 39.162663
Retrieved Text: This article is about the current period of increasing global temperature.
The causes of the recent warming are an active field of research. The scientific consensus is that the increase in atmospheric greenhouse gases due to human activity caused most of the warming observed since the start of the industrial era, and the observed warming cannot be satisfactorily explained by natural causes alone. This attribution is clearest for the most recent 50 years, being the period most of the increase in greenhouse gas concentrations took place and for which the most complete measurements exist.
The greenhouse effect was discovered by Joseph Fourier in 1824 and first investigated quantitatively by Svante Arrhenius in 1896. It is the process by which absorption and emission of infrared radiation by atmospheric gases warm a planet's lower atmosphere and surface. Existence of the greenhouse effect as such is not disputed. The question is instead how the strength of the greenhouse effect changes when human activity increases the atmospheric concentrations of particular greenhouse gases.
Recent increases in atmospheric carbon dioxide (CO2). The monthly CO2 measurements display small seasonal oscillations in an overall yearly uptrend; each year's maximum is reached during the Northern Hemisphere's late spring, and declines during the Northern Hemisphere growing season as plants remove some CO2 from the atmosphere.
Naturally occurring greenhouse gases have a mean warming effect of about 33 °C (59 °F), without which Earth would be uninhabitable. On Earth the major greenhouse gases are water vapor, which causes about 36–70 percent of the greenhouse effect (not including clouds); carbon dioxide (CO2),

########
Rank: 18
Score: 39.033993
Retrieved Text: For the case study area of the upper Aare River catchment in Switzerland with large mountain glaciers, where a complex storage hydropower scheme is located, the impact of climate change on runoff was simulated. Future runoff was assessed for the ongoing century using the semi-distributed conceptual hydrological modeling approach "Routing System". Glacier mass balance and runoff were computed in hourly time steps for precipitation and temperature distributions. The model was calibrated using ice volume changes and daily runoff at five gauging stations in the catchment area. The scenarios for future climatic conditions up to 2099 were developed from historical temperature and precipitation data series. The herein presented C2SM-ETHZ scenario, neglecting any global greenhouse gas reduction in future, predicts an almost complete de-glacierization of the upper Aare River basin until the end of the century. Runoff from glacier melt will initially slightly increase, followed by a decrease due to important ice mass losses. Total runoff will decrease by 2% until 2050 and by 18% until 2099. Significant decrease of runoff related to glacier melt must be considered for future hydropower management.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 38.53843
Retrieved Text: Dallas, New Delhi - February 11, 2019 - Tech Mahindra Ltd. a leading provider of digital transformation, consulting and business re-engineering services and solutions has committed to reduce its absolute scopes 1 and 2 GHG (Greenhouse Gas) emissions 22% by 2030 and 50% by 2050, from a 2016 base-year. The same has been approved by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).
The Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) is a collaboration between CDP, the United Nations Global Compact, World Resources Institute (WRI) and the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF). The SBTi defines and promotes best practice in science-based target setting and independently assesses and approves companies' targets. Science-based targets provide companies with a clearly defined pathway to future-proof growth by specifying how much and how quickly they need to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions.
Targets adopted by companies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions are considered 'science-based' if they are in line with the level of decarbonization required to keep global temperature increase below 2 degrees Celsius.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 38.117016
Retrieved Text: Air pollution is already a significant health problem in Australia, and on current trends will worsen in the future. The estimated financial cost of premature deaths due to air pollution ranges from roughly $11 billion to $24 billion per year.
Many factors contributing to poor air quality are likely to increase in the future. Energy use is projected to increase. If this comes from burning fossil fuels, it will cause an increase in air pollution and greenhouse gas emissions. According to the current emissions-growth trajectory, Australia will not meet its emissions reduction targets for 2030, committed to as part of the global Paris Agreement on climate change in 2015.
How Might Climate Change Affect Island Culture in the in the Torres Strait?
Could litigation help Torres Strait Islanders deal with climate impacts?
Differential Effects of Temperature Extremes on Hospital Admission Rates for Respiratory Disease between Indigenous and Non-Indigenous Australians in the Northern Territory.
The spatial distribution of extreme climate events, another climate inequity for the world’s most vulnerable people.
Compound injustice: the impacts of climate finance on Kiribati.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 38.11367
Retrieved Text: A a team of researchers from the International Centre for Theoretical Physics (Trieste, Italy) projects a 200 percent to 500 percent increase in the number of dangerously hot days in the Mediterranean by the end of the 21st century if the current rate of greenhouse gas emissions continues. The study found France would be subjected to the largest projected increase of high-temperature extremes.
The analysis also shows a reduction in greenhouse gas emissions could reduce the intensification of dangerously hot days projected in the scenario by up to 50 percent. The research covered the entire Mediterranean area, which includes 21 countries in Europe, Africa and Asia. Major cities covered in the study include: Prague, Zurich, Bucharest, Athens, Istanbul, Tel Aviv, Cairo, Algiers and Casablanca.
The results of the study have been published in the June 15 issue of Geophysical Research Letters.
A 2003 heat wave led to 15,000 deaths in France and almost 3,000 in Italy. The researchers found that global warming causes summer temperatures to dramatically exceed the range that was correlated with the increased number of deaths.
The thresholds of the 2003 event are substantially exceeded in the future in both of the research scenarios that were created (image, click to enlarge), says Diffenbaugh, who is a member of Purdue's Climate Change Research Center. The research is about understanding the response to different emissions levels. It finds that decreases in greenhouse gas emissions greatly reduce the impact, but also sees negative effects even with reduced emissions. Technological and behavioral changes that are made now will have a big

########
Rank: 22
Score: 38.040916
Retrieved Text: How does a climate model work?
Changes to the climate system have been observed at a global scale, in the measurements of temperature at the surface, and the middle atmosphere, increased sea level, increased sea surface temperature, increased ocean heat content, and increased water vapour in the atmosphere.
Decreased polar ice sheets, decreased global sea ice extent (with regional variation but overall net loss), and net decrease in glacier volumes (with regional variation) have also been observed (see figure).
Drivers of these observed changes have been identified as a positive radiative forcing of the atmosphere, leading to an uptake of energy by the climate system. The largest contribution to total radiative forcing is caused by the increase in the atmospheric concentration of CO2 since 1750.
The atmospheric concentrations of carbon dioxide, methane, and nitrous oxide have increased to levels unprecedented in at least the last 800,000 years. Carbon dioxide concentrations have increased by 40% since pre-industrial times, primarily from fossil fuel emissions and secondarily from net land use change emissions. The ocean has absorbed about 30% of the emitted anthropogenic carbon dioxide, causing ocean acidification.
Observational and model studies of temperature change, climate feedbacks and changes in the Earth’s energy budget together provide confidence in the magnitude of global warming in response to past and future forcing. In this regard, human influence on the climate system is clear.
Future global and regional climate change indicate that continued emissions of greenhouse gases will cause further warming and changes in all components of the climate system. Limiting climate change will require substantial and sustained

########
Rank: 23
Score: 38.027824
Retrieved Text: Global warming has been a serious environmental issue since the last two decades. Global warming is “the increase in the average temperature of Earth’s surface and its oceans due to greenhouse gas emissions such as methane, carbon dioxide, nitrous oxide, and ozone etc.” Earth’s average surface temperature rose from 0.6 to 0.9 degree Celsius between 1906 and 2005 and the rate of increase in temperature has been doubled in the last fifty years. NASA estimated that the increase in temperature will go up further.
“Global warming is a significant increase in the Earth’s climatic temperature over a relatively short period of time as a result of human activities. In specific terms, an increase of 1 or more degrees Celsius in a period of 100 to 200 years would be considered global warming. Over the course of a single century, an increase of even 0.4 degrees Celsius would be significant”.
How Green House Gases Cause Global Warming???
Greenhouse gases are always present in the Earth’s atmosphere. Normally, the radiation is coming from the sun, some of which is absorbed by the Earth’s surface and the remaining radiation is reflected back into the atmosphere.
The radiation that is reflected back is Infra-red (IR) in nature. This IR radiation is either absorbed by greenhouse gases that are present in the atmosphere or re-emitted in all directions. This results in the increasing temperature of the earth. This effect is known as the greenhouse effect and this is how it causes global warming.
Global warming is happening due to the emission of greenhouse gases which are

########
Rank: 24
Score: 37.967556
Retrieved Text: The climate is changing because of greenhouse gases. Greenhouse gas emissions warm the global atmosphere and cause our climate to change. Reducing greenhouse gas emissions is a key component to limiting the increase in global average temperature and the resulting change in climate.
Total greenhouse gas emissions in 2016 in B.C. were 62.3 million tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent. This is a 1.5% increase in emissions since 2015 and a 2.2% decrease in emissions since 2007—the Government of British Columbia's baseline year for assessing reductions in greenhouse gas emissions. Greenhouse gas emission estimates reported here are from the British Columbia Greenhouse Gas Emission Inventory (2016) and do not include forest management offsets.
British Columbians are generating fewer greenhouse gases. Greenhouse gas emissions per person in British Columbia have declined over the past decade and stabilized in recent years. Greenhouse gas emissions per unit gross domestic product—a measure of the size of the economy—are on the decline in B.C.
Most greenhouse gas emissions in B.C. come from creating and using energy. Major energy-related sources of greenhouse gas emissions include transportation, such as driving cars, and stationary combustion sources, such as heating buildings.
In 2016, British Columbia's total greenhouse gas emissions were 2.2% less than the 2007 baseline year, with relatively small and variable changes in total emissions in recent reporting years.
Overall, greenhouse gas emissions per person in British Columbia—also called per capita—have declined since the 2007 baseline year and stabilized in recent reporting years.
Greenhouse gas emissions per unit gross domestic product—a measure of the size of the economy—have consistently declined since

########
Rank: 25
Score: 37.799995
Retrieved Text: Global Warming: Sources and Consequences of Global Warming!
The most important and significant source of atmospheric carbon dioxide is the burning of fossil fuels.
With the escalation of population and increase in industrial growth, the demand for fossil fuel has greatly increased.
Deforestation adds carbon dioxide to the atmosphere in two ways: Firstly, most of the trees are either burned or decomposed by bacteria, emitting carbon dioxide directly to the air. Secondly, the deforested land is unable to sequester carbon dioxide through photosynthesis. As a result of these two phenomena, deforestation contributes 10 to 30% as much carbon dioxide to the atmosphere as fossil fuel emissions do.
Volcanoes emits huge amount of carbon dioxide approximately 25 million tons, therefore the entire region around the volcano is enriched in carbon dioxide.
The important trace gases which contribute to the greenhouse effect are methane, nitrous oxide, ozone and chlorofluorocarbons. Addition of one molecule of CFC can have the same greenhouse effect as the addition of 104 molecules of carbon dioxide to the atmosphere.
Since their atmospheric levels are rising rapidly and since each molecule of these gases absorbs more infrared radiations than a carbon dioxide molecule, their combined greenhouse effect is almost equal to that of carbon dioxide.
1. Action of anaerobic bacteria on rice paddies and wetlands.
2. Leakage from coal mines and natural gas pipeline.
3. Decomposition of organic matter in landfills.
4. Incomplete combustion of forest or range fires.
Methane contributes to the greenhouse effect to an extent of 19%.
1. Microbial action on nitrogenous fertilizers in soil.
2. Burning of biomass, fossil fuels and forests.
Its contribution to

########
Rank: 26
Score: 37.782143
Retrieved Text: Actualmente estás en el sitio de EE.UU. Elige otro país o región para ver contenido específico según tu ubicación.
Cupertino, California — As part of its commitment to combat climate change and create a healthier environment, Apple today announced its global facilities are powered with 100 percent clean energy. This achievement includes retail stores, offices, data centers and co-located facilities in 43 countries — including the United States, the United Kingdom, China and India. The company also announced nine additional manufacturing partners have committed to power all of their Apple production with 100 percent clean energy, bringing the total number of supplier commitments to 23.
Since 2014, all of Apple’s data centers have been powered by 100 percent renewable energy. And since 2011, all of Apple's renewable energy projects have reduced greenhouse gas emissions (CO2e) by 54 percent from its facilities worldwide and prevented nearly 2.1 million metric tons of CO2e from entering the atmosphere.
To get to 100 percent renewable energy for its own facilities, the company worked to set an example for others to follow. Apple also announced today that 23 of its suppliers are now committed to operating on 100 percent renewable energy, including nine new suppliers. Altogether, clean energy from supplier projects helped avoid over 1.5 million metric tons of greenhouse gases from being emitted in 2017 — the equivalent of taking more than 300,000 cars off the road. In addition, over 85 suppliers have registered for Apple’s Clean Energy Portal, an online platform that Apple developed to help suppliers identify commercially viable renewable energy

########
Rank: 27
Score: 37.732647
Retrieved Text: Anthropogenic emissions of greenhouse gases cause the future climate to change. This change in climate affects the Areas of Protection ‘Human Health’ and ‘Ecosystem quality’, the latter is divided into freshwater and terrestrial ecosystems.
The emission of greenhouse gases will cause a rise in the earth’s atmospheric temperature which ultimately leads to increased damage to Human health and Ecosystems, this overview focuses on the ecosystems.
A marginal approach for calculating the characterization factors is followed, meaning that the additional impact of a marginal increase in greenhouse gas emissions using today’s situation as the reference state. Impact is measured in potentially disappeared fraction of species for ecosystem quality.
Climate change is a global phenomenon; the effect of the greenhouse gas is location-independent because the emitted greenhouse gas is assumed to spread evenly throughout the entire atmosphere.
where GWP is the Global Warming Potential of greenhouse gas x. TH is the time horizon δTEMP is the temperature increase due to the release of 1 kg of CO2 and EF is the effect factor for a given Area Of Protection (AOP), in this case, either freshwater or terrestrial ecosystems.
GWPs are used to compare the effect of different greenhouse gases relative to the reference gas (CO2), because the atmospheric lifetimes of greenhouse gases differ they are time-horizon dependent. By multiplying the GWP (in kg CO2 equivalents) by the effect of CO2 on the global temperature increase and the effect factor of a temperature increase on ecosystems the final characterization factor can be obtained.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 37.35368
Retrieved Text: A quarter of all premature deaths and diseases worldwide are due to manmade pollution and environmental damage, the United Nations said Wednesday in a landmark report on the planet's parlous state. Deadly smog-inducing emissions, chemicals polluting drinking water, and the accelerating destruction of ecosystems crucial to the livelihoods of billions of people are driving a worldwide epidemic that hampers the global economy, it warned.
The Global Environment Outlook (GEO) -- a report six years in the making compiled by 250 scientists from 70 nations -- depicts a growing chasm between rich and poor countries as rampant overconsumption, pollution and food waste in the developed world leads to hunger, poverty and disease elsewhere. As greenhouse gas emissions continue to rise amid a preponderance of droughts, floods and superstorms made worse by climbing sea levels, there is a growing political consensus that climate change poses a future risk to billions.
World leaders in 2015 came up with the Paris climate deal, which saw each nation promise action to cut emissions in a bid to limit global temperature rises to 1.5C (2.7 Fahrenheit). But the health impacts of pollution, deforestation and the mechanised food-chain are less well understood.
Nor is there any international agreement for the environment close to covering what the Paris accord does for the climate. The GEO compiles a litany of pollution-related health emergencies.
It said that poor environmental conditions "cause approximately 25 per cent of global disease and mortality" -- around 9 million deaths in 2015 alone. Lacking access to clean drinking supplies, 1.4 million people die each year

########
Rank: 29
Score: 37.319656
Retrieved Text: The first national scheme in the world for trading greenhouse gas emissions has opened in Britain.
The idea is to induce companies to help reduce humanity's impact on the global climate by giving them financial reasons to cut the amount of carbon dioxide they produce.
The UK is committed under the Kyoto Protocol to reducing greenhouse gas production by 12.5% from 1990 levels by 2008 to 2012.
The UK scheme is the first national system for trading carbon emissions anywhere in the world which is open to any kind of company.
Thirty-six businesses have so far signed up, although the government hopes the eventual total could run into thousands.
Each company has promised to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by a certain amount, and in return the government has given it some money.
But now those companies can find the cheapest ways to fulfil their quotas.
They can reduce their own use of fossil fuels, or they can buy part of their quota from another company - trading the credits, just as they might trade any other commodity.
There is a precedent for this idea. Just over a decade ago, the United States Government set up a scheme to reduce acid rain by allowing companies to trade credits for reducing sulphur dioxide emissions.
This has led to sulphur dioxide levels falling much faster than anyone had predicted, and at significantly lower cost.
The UK is just one of the European countries now interested in using this model to reduce carbon dioxide emissions.
The Danish and Dutch governments already have pilot projects in place, and the European Union is

================



======= Instance Index 7 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are less or more ):

As the Universe expands, galaxies move further and further apart.


A scientist sees that some galaxies are further apart than before, so they know that the universe's expansion is less or more?

Target Text: more

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 45.123375
Retrieved Text: I have heard that there are galaxies which are not red shifted relative to earth, but are blue shifted. In the mapping projects of the heavens are there any ways to predict what percentage of galaxies are blue shifted, and what percentage are red shifted?
Almost all galaxies are redshifted because of the Hubble expansion of the universe. Only a handful of the most nearby galaxies are blue-shifted. You see, in addition to the apparent motion imparted to galaxies due to universal expansion, individual galaxies also have their own intrinsic, what we call "peculiar" motions. This is not because they are peculiar, as in strange, but rather because each galaxy is in motion irrespective of the universe's expansion, and each galaxy has its own unique velocity due to the gravitational attraction of other galaxies in its vicinity.
Generally, that velocity is some hundreds of kilometers per second. In regions close enough to our own galaxy where the Hubble expansion results in less outward expansion than this, the galaxies' peculiar velocities (if they are large enough and sufficiently towards us) can overcome that expansion, resulting in a blue-shift.
There are in all about 100 known galaxies with blueshifts out of the billions of galaxies in the observable universe. Most of these blue-shifted galaxies are in our own local group, and are all bound to each other. Most are also dwarf galaxies which you've probably never heard of, although the Andromeda Galaxy, M31, is in there.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 44.94253
Retrieved Text: Dark Energy is a form of energy that spreads throughout all of space and moves it expands the universe. Dark energy is a theory to explain observations that say that the universe is expanding at a very fast rate. The universe contains about 68.3% of Dark Energy and 26.8% of dark matter. In the solar system, it is estimated only 6 tons of dark energy would be found within the radius of Pluto's orbit. However, to control the mass energy of the universe because of it is stable across the universe.
In the last 20 years, evidences for the existence of Dark energy increased. Many machines can confirm today the growth expansion of the Universe. This thing is based on observations from the Earth of the distance and velocities of very far galaxies. Because of infinite speed of light, so scientist can study the Universe as how it looks like billions of years ago. Dark energy has expanded and will keep expanding.
Dark energy affects the spreading universe it doesn’t say much to scientist. The properties of the unknown matter are still being researched. Recent studies by scientist have shown that dark energy has changed constantly over the universe's history, which provides some insight into the unseen material. Dark energy is an unknown substance material that scientist don’t know about. Dark energy comes from different parts of the universe because it makes it up.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 42.76474
Retrieved Text: STEPS TO PRECISELY MEASURE THE HUBBLE CONSTANT. This illustration shows the three steps astronomers used to measure the universe's expansion rate to an unprecedented accuracy, reducing the total uncertainty to 2.3 percent. Astronomers made the measurements by streamlining and strengthening the construction of the cosmic distance ladder, which is used to measure accurate distances to galaxies near to and far from Earth. Beginning at left, astronomers use Hubble to measure the distances to a class of pulsating stars called Cepheid variables, employing a basic tool of geometry called parallax. Parallax is the apparent shift of an object's position due to a change in an observer's point of view. The box at top left shows how astronomers used Hubble to measure the parallax to Cepheid variables. The Hubble astronomers had to gauge the apparent tiny wobble of the Cepheids due to Earth's motion around the Sun. These wobbles are roughly the apparent size of a grain of sand seen 100 miles away. The latest Hubble result is based on measurements of the parallax of eight newly analyzed Cepheids in our Milky Way galaxy. These stars are about 10 times farther away than any studied previously, residing between 6,000 light-years and 12,000 light-years from Earth and are just like the ones Hubble can see in other galaxies. Once astronomers calibrate the Cepheids' true brightness, they can use them as cosmic yardsticks to measure distances to galaxies much farther away than they can with the parallax technique. The rate at which Cepheids pulsate provides an additional fine-tuning to the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 42.004715
Retrieved Text: To Andrei Linde, the eminent Moscow-born cosmologist at Stanford University, the end of the universe is nigh.
In a startling new set of calculations, Linde and his physicist wife have just proposed that the entire universe, born in the Big Bang some 14 billion years ago, will collapse and end with a Big Crunch in the next 10 billion years or so.
And when the final collapse comes, even a single proton -- the heart of a hydrogen atom -- would be too big to contain the dead remains, Linde maintains.
Linde and his wife are among a worldwide band of physicists and astronomers who are trying to puzzle out the complexities of the cosmos from clues hidden in distant exploding stars, in the echoes of the universe's earliest instants, and in the tangled equations of relativity and space-time.
An art student and philosopher before he took to physics, Linde is one of the founders of the so-called "inflationary" universe scenario, a revolutionary concept that sees the early universe inflating in a sudden burst of speed after the Big Bang then settling into a more stable rate of expansion.
In the view of most cosmologists today, all the galaxies, stars and planets of the expanding universe are now speeding so far apart from each other that at some infinitely future time the universe will end up dark, forlorn and empty.
Instead of expanding forever, they suggest, the universe is only in the middle-age of its expansion. Eventually it will slow down, pause and then start collapsing until -- some 10 to 20

########
Rank: 4
Score: 41.88319
Retrieved Text: It's a bit of a mystery, but here's what we know.
Galaxies. We look at them in the sky, we live in one, but where did they all come from? How did they get here?
Essentially, few million years after the Big Bang, the universe was mostly just gas and dark matter, spread out pretty evenly. Over time, slight differences in density caused the gas and dark matter to clump together, and as these clumps grew larger and larger they became dense enough for stars to form. These clusters of stars grouped together to become the first galaxies.
While scientists are pretty certain they know roughly how galaxies formed, there's still a lot of speculation on exactly when. The main problem is that, for the first billion years or so of the universe's existence, it was opaque. In other words, the light from the first stars and galaxies was absorbed by gas and dust before it could reach us, so we can't see much of what happened for the first billion years or so of our universe's history.
The next generation of telescopes, like the James Webb Space Telescope that will be launched in 2018, are expected to reveal more information about the early universe, hopefully settling the debate on when the first galaxies formed. Until then, all you can do is let it keep you up at night.
Do Repair Kits for Wood Gates Actually Work?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 41.663784
Retrieved Text: Ask Ethan: How Many Galaxies Have Already Disappeared From Our Perspective?
Distant galaxies, like those found in the Hercules galaxy cluster, are accelerating away from us. Eventually, we will cease to receive light from beyond a certain point from them.
So how many earth observable galaxies have dropped out of sight? That is, how many galaxies (with the highest redshift) have disappeared from our point of view?
Depending on what you mean by "disappeared," the answer could either be none of them, or almost all of them. Let's dive in and see what we're talking about.
Our entire cosmic history is theoretically well-understood, but only qualitatively. It's by observationally confirming and revealing various stages in our Universe's past that must have occurred, like when the first stars and galaxies formed, that we can truly come to understand our cosmos. The Big Bang sets a fundamental limit to how far back we can see in any direction.
until it reaches our eyes.
Seems like a straightforward enough scenario, right? So when we look out at the Universe, we'd expect that we'd be able to see all the galaxies that there are. Except, that is, for the fact that we can't.
On a logarithmic scale, the Universe nearby has the solar system and our Milky Way galaxy. But far beyond are all the other galaxies in the Universe, the large-scale cosmic web, and eventually the moments immediately following the Big Bang itself. Beyond that, there's nothing to observe.
The first reason is simple enough: the Universe has only had a finite amount of time to do

########
Rank: 6
Score: 41.323925
Retrieved Text: What’s more likely — that the universe will expand forever, or that it will contract in a big crunch, causing the end of the cosmos? - Mushahid, age 16, Chitral, Pakistan.
About a century ago, we didn’t even know that galaxies existed.
Then, in the 1910s, astronomers figured out how to measure the distance to features called “spiral nebulae” they were seeing in the sky. Although these looked like clouds of gas nearby to us, the scientists realized they were whole galaxies containing billions of stars, really far away.
Pretty much as soon as we understood what galaxies were, we discovered that they are all moving away from each other, and the ones that are further away are moving faster — in other words, the universe is expanding.
The expansion of the universe is everywhere — all points are moving away from each other.
Ever since then, the question has been: will the universe expand forever, or will it one day recollapse in a “big crunch”?
There’s a reason this was a puzzle; it’s because gravity should be slowing down the expansion. All the galaxies pull on each other in the same way that the Earth pulls on us and brings us back down when we jump.
When I throw a ball up into the air, initially it may be going fast, but then it slows down, stops going up, and falls back to Earth.
However, if I throw it fast enough so it’s traveling at more than 11 kilometers per second (that’s very fast!), then it will never come back to Earth. It

########
Rank: 7
Score: 41.31993
Retrieved Text: The galaxies, stars and planets that we can see make up just 15 per cent of the Universe's matter. The rest - the other 85 per cent - is dark matter and it neither emits nor absorbs any known wavelength of light. To construct it, half a million galaxies were observed by Hubble and ground-based telescopes. "When light travels across the Universe, it passes through all the intervening dark matter on its way to us, leaving a telltale imprint of its journey. You can't see such faraway, faint galaxies from Earth because the atmosphere blurs the detail. This is why we needed Hubble," says Dr. Richard Massey. The dark matter bends the light in a 'gravitational lensing' effect, making the galaxies appear distorted. By observing this, it's possible to deduce where dark matter lies. Such a map is fundamental for understanding the Universe's structure, as dark matter acts as 'scaffolding', along which galaxies are assembled.
"You can't see such faraway, faint galaxies from Earth because the atmosphere blurs the detail."
Global clusters are a benchmark for cosmology, and represent an ideal laboratory to understand star formation and chemical evolution in the Universe. What defines the different generations of stads, also known as 'stellar populations', are characteristics such as their chemical composition, age, and their location in the cluster. Hubble's high-resolution images allowed Dr. Piotto and his team to look into the densely packed core of NGC 2808 and measure many stars - something that is difficult for ground based telescopes to so. Hubble's power to observe in both

########
Rank: 8
Score: 40.539543
Retrieved Text: Science Explained: How Can the Diameter of the Universe Exceed its Age?
This is why our universe’s size isn’t limited by the speed of light.
The speed of light is one of the most important and fundamental properties of our universe. It’s used to measure distances, for interplanetary communications, and in various mathematical calculations. And that’s just the start of it.
The speed at which light travels through a vacuum — 299,792 kilometers (186,282 miles) per second — is static and unchanging. If you remove that constant, the very foundation of modern physics crumbles due to a number of reasons, and the general rule can be summed up with this: Nothing in the universe can travel faster than the speed of light.
As you can imagine, some confusion arises when one considers the fact that the universe is not 13.8 billion light-years across — a number that corresponds with the age of the universe. By current estimates, it’s actually quite a bit larger with an estimated diameter of some 93 billion light-years. And that’s just what we can see. What we can’t see may go on forever.
So, how can the universe be 93 billion light-years wide if it is only 13.8 billion years old and nothing can travel faster than light?
Before you can understand why the universe’s size is so much greater than its age, it is important to understand just how light works.
Sir Isaac Newton was unquestionably one of the greatest minds to ever live. In addition to “inventing” calculus, he was the first scientist to truly understand the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 39.216095
Retrieved Text: What are the Big Freeze, the Big Crunch, and the Big Rip/Crackup?
The Big Freeze is one scenario that could describe the end of the Universe. In this scenario, everything in the Universe keeps getting farther and farther apart because of the Universe's expansion. When things get farther apart, they will become colder, because their atoms will no longer interact and cause fission and fusion, which create explosions, and thus energy and heat. So, in this scenario, when a star runs out of fuel, it dies, and that death does not support the beginning of another star, because there are no other particles nearby. So, one by one, the stars die, and they do not produce any heat, and the universe becomes very cold. This is the expected fate of our Universe given what we know about cosmology today.
The Big Crunch is what would happen if the Universe were more dense than the "critical density", which we now know it isn't. If the Universe were denser than this, eventually the gravitational force of the matter in the Universe would cause it to stop expanding (overcoming the force of dark energy), and then the Universe would begin to collapse. As it collapses, matter would be pushed closer and closer together, eventually collapsing back into one singularity. At this point it is possible under certain conditions that the collapse could "bounce" and the expansion could begin again. There is no enough matter in the Universe for the collapse to occur, there just isn't enough pulling it back together.
The Big

########
Rank: 10
Score: 39.063126
Retrieved Text: The universe is made up of many galaxies. When galaxies were first discovered they were called island universes because they looked like islands of stars in a dark sea. New galaxies are discovered every day containing large numbers of stars. My results show the number of galaxies from some sources is the same and from some it is different. The more recent sources give larger numbers. This is because of new inventions that make it easier to find galaxies. One of these is the Hubble Space Telescope which enables us to see farther out into space and locate more of the universe's galaxies. These sources are just estimates because the numbers are always changing. Another reason that we do not know the exact number of galaxies is because they range in sizes. There can be extremely large galaxies and extremely small galaxies. The smaller galaxies are harder to detect.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 38.538887
Retrieved Text: NASA's Hubble Space Telescope has made the deepest image of the universe ever taken in near-infrared light. The faintest and reddest objects in the image are galaxies that formed 600 million years after the Big Bang. The image was taken by the new Wide Field Camera 3 in the same region as the Hubble Ultra Deep Field (HUDF), which was taken in 2004 and is the deepest visible-light image of the universe.
The revamped Hubble Space Telescope has spied what might bethe oldest, most distant galaxies yet seen, astronomers announced today.
The faintest and reddest objects in the new Hubble imagesare galaxies that formed 600 million years after the theoretical Big Bang,which occurred about 13.7 billion years ago. So these objects are located about13.1 billion light-years from Earth.
Observations of early galaxies can help astronomers learnwhat conditions were like in the universe's early years.
Two teams of astronomers from the United Kingdom took imagesof galaxies in the early universe with Hubble's brand new Wide Field Camera 3(WFC3), which can take highly sensitive measurements in the infrared.
Infrared light is light invisible to the human eye, withwavelengths about twice as long as (and so redder than) visible light.
"The expansion of the universe causes the light fromvery distant galaxies to appear redder, so having a new camera on Hubble whichis very sensitive in the infrared means we can identify galaxies at muchgreater distances than was previously possible," said team member StephenWilkins, a postdoctoral researcher in astrophysics at Oxford University.
The new images from the Hubble Space Telescope (HST), taken inAugust over four days, include

########
Rank: 12
Score: 37.926575
Retrieved Text: HubbleSite - Hubble Identifies Primeval Galaxies, Uncovers New Clues to the Universe's Evolution | Astro What?
A series of remarkable pictures, spanning the life history of the cosmos, are providing the first clues to the life history of galaxies. The Hubble results suggest that elliptical galaxies developed remarkably quickly into their present shapes. However, spiral galaxies that existed in large clusters evolved over a much longer period - the majority being built and then torn apart by dynamic processes in a restless universe. These pictures of faraway galaxies, located 5 to 10 billion light-years from Earth, illustrate the findings.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 37.89446
Retrieved Text: This week, unexpected new results from NASA’s Hubble Space Telescope shows that the galaxies are accelerating 9% faster away from each other than previously anticipated, astronomers are not quite sure why!
The international team of astronomers, led by Nobel Laureate Adam Riess, measured with unprecedented accuracy the movements of 2,400 Cepheid stars and 300 Type Ia supernovas in 19 galaxies, far beyond our Milky Way galaxies, and found that the rate of expansion of our universe (the so-called “Hubble constant”) is approximately 73.2 kilometers per second per megaparsec (1 megaparsec is equivalent to 3.26 million light-years.) with an uncertainty of 2.4%.
This means that a galaxy 1,000,000 ly away from us is dashing away at regarding 22.4 kilometres per second, whereas another galaxy 2 million light-years distant is flying far from us doubly as quick, at 44.8 kilometres per second, explained cosmosmagazin.
This rate of expansion is in conflict with studies of radiation left over from Big Bang — some unknown forces are speeding up the expansion of the universe for reasons scientists can’t explain. At this rate, these mysterious forces will make the distances between the objects to double in 9.8 billion years.
Its unclear why the universe is expanding so fast but there are some hypotheses. One possible explanation could be the mysterious force known as dark energy, a weird anti-gravity force discovered in 1998 which is hypothesized to contribute 68.3% of the total energy in the present-day observable universe.
Dark energy may be much stronger than scientists had thought and thus pushing galaxies apart from one another more

########
Rank: 14
Score: 37.728603
Retrieved Text: Launched 25 years ago, the Hubble Space Telescope is a veritable manufacturing plant of discoveries, solving mysteries of the universe and raising tantalizing new possibilities about where we’ve come from and where we are going. Here are 15 things we’ve learned from the Hubble Space Telescope.
1. WE SHOULD PUT 14 BILLION CANDLES ON THE UNIVERSE'S BIRTHDAY CAKE.
Galaxies are moving apart, which means at some point they must have been close together. One method to figure out the age of the universe involved using Hubble to determine speed, distance, and acceleration. Scientists could then work out the time necessary for current galactic distances to be reached. The universe's birthday cake requires 14 billion candles.
2. QUASARS CALL GALACTIC CORES HOME.
Quasars are extraordinarily weird. They're the size of our solar system but as bright as entire galaxies that are populated with billions and billions of stars. Scientists used Hubble to track down the home of these celestial high beams: galactic cores.
3. WE CAN SEE "BABY PHOTOS" OF THE UNIVERSE.
There's no "now" in space. Space is big and light takes a very long time to reach our little corner of the universe. When Hubble peered deeply into space to photograph distant galaxies, scientists were astonished by the number it captured: 3000. But none of the 3000 galaxies pictured in the "Hubble Deep Field" were recent. Hubble literally photographed galaxies from billions of years in the past. (That's how long it took the light to reach us.) In other words, the Hubble Deep Field is comprised of galactic baby pictures from

########
Rank: 15
Score: 37.69825
Retrieved Text: Biggest 3D map of 1.2 million galaxies will allow astronomers to make precise measurements of dark energy.
Scientists have developed the largest-ever three-dimensional map of distant galaxies to measure one of the universe's most mysterious forces.
An international team of astronomers from the Sloan Digital Sky Survey III (SDSS-III) worked together to create the 3-D map of 1.2 million galaxies.
The map was used to make one of the most accurate measurements yet of "dark energy," which is the force behind the accelerated expansion of the universe.
"We have spent a decade collecting measurements of 1.2 million galaxies over one quarter of the sky to map out the structure of the Universe over a volume of 650 cubic billion light years," Dr. Jeremy Tinker of New York University, co-leader of the scientific team, said in a news release.
The new measurements were carried out by the Baryon Oscillation Spectroscopic Survey (BOSS) program of SDSS-III. Shaped by a continuous tug-of-war between dark matter and dark energy, the map allows astronomers to measure the expansion rate of the universe and determine the amount of matter and dark energy that make up the present-day universe.
The expansion rate is measured by determining the size of the baryonic acoustic oscillations (BAO) in the 3-D model of the galaxies. The original BAO size is determined by pressure waves that traveled through the young universe up until it was only 400,000 years old (the universe is currently 13.8 billion years old), at which point they become frozen in the matter distribution of the universe, scientists said.
By measuring the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 37.687534
Retrieved Text: The Baryon Oscillation Spectroscopic Survey (BOSS) Collaboration announced that they have measured the scale of the Universe to an accuracy of one percent, using galaxies more than six billion light years away.
BOSS mapped the locations of 1.2 million galaxies to make the measurements. The new distance measurements were presented at the meeting of the American Astronomical Society by Harvard University astronomer Daniel Eisenstein, the director of the Sloan Digital Sky Survey (SDSS-III).
In the image, the gray spheres show the pattern of the Baryon Acoustic Oscillations (BAO) from the early Universe. Galaxies today have a slight tendency to align on the spheres -- the alignment is greatly exaggerated in this illustration. By comparing the size of the spheres (white line) to the predicted value, astronomers can determine to one-percent accuracy how far away the galaxies are. This concept allowed the scientists to arrive at their measurement of the size of the Universe.
The Baryon Oscillation Spectroscopic Survey is an astronomical survey that measures the rate of expansion of the universe using the spatial distribution of Luminous Red Galaxies (LRG) and quasars. It is one of four components of the Sloan Digital Sky Survey.
SDSS-III is used to cover distant quasars at far reaches of the universe, the distribution of galaxies, the properties of stars in the Milky Way and also subjects such as dark matter and dark energy in the universe. Its instruments can make detailed measurements of 1000 galaxies at a time.
In 2012, BOSS had released their most accurate measurement yet of the distance scale of the universe

########
Rank: 17
Score: 36.93778
Retrieved Text: "...moves toward a smooth plate in response to energy fluctuations in the vacuum of empty space. The attraction is known as the Casimir Effect, named for its discoverer, who, 50 years ago, was trying to understand why fluids like mayonnaise move so slowly. Today, evidence is accumulating that most of the energy density in the universe is in an unknown form dubbed dark energy. The form and genesis of dark energy is almost completely unknown, but postulated as related to vacuum fluctuations similar to the Casimir Effect but generated somehow by space itself. This vast and mysterious dark energy appears to gravitationally repel all matter and hence will likely cause the universe to expand forever. Understanding vacuum fluctuations is on the forefront of research not only to better understand our universe but also for stopping micro-mechanical machine parts from sticking together."
We've known for a few years that the universe would continue to expand, rather than reach a point of maximum expansion and then retract into a Big Crunch. Scientists discovered a force that counteracted the effects of gravity, which would have tended to pull the universe's mass back together. This expansive force they call "dark energy" because it is not well understood. As the paragraph above explains, the so-called emptiness of space is, in reality, filled with vacuum energy (another name for dark energy), with subatomic particles, called virtual particles, appearing and disappearing at random.
What does this mean for you and me? We certainly won't be around long enough to see a night sky utterly devoid

########
Rank: 18
Score: 36.80907
Retrieved Text: New research conducted as a part of the ongoing Dark Energy Survey (DES) has used the way mass distorts light to produce a bigger, more highly detailed map of the Universe's dark matter structure.
Not only do the measurements support the view that about 26 percent of the Universe is made up of the mysterious stuff, it's turned out that its distribution is a little smoother than had been estimated, which if confirmed could hint at undiscovered physics.
Since 2013, the international team behind the DES has been carrying out a deep, wide-area scan of about 1/8th of the night sky in an effort to collect data on some 300 million galaxies billions of light years from Earth, all to figure out what the hell this dark energy business is all about.
Dark energy and dark matter don't have much in common other than the fact they're both tight-lipped about their nature.
Dark energy is something of a black box that explains why the Universe seems to be accelerating in its expansion, an observation that has been broadly accepted now for at least two decades.
Whatever it is, it's no small deal, making up roughly 68 percent of the Universe's total energy.
On the other hand, dark matter is more about pulling stuff than pushing space apart. Just as mysterious, it's a black box that explains why galaxies hold together in spite of not seeming to have enough visible matter.
Knowing more about how the Universe spreads out over time, and how its matter clumps together, could reveal more about what exactly these

########
Rank: 19
Score: 36.76955
Retrieved Text: Two trillion! That’s 2,000,000,000,000 galaxies. A trillion is a million times a million.
For a long time astronomers have said that our observable universe has about 100 billion galaxies. Two trillion is 2,000 billion, or 20 times larger.
It’s still smaller than the U.S. national debt at about $19 trillion, but those are just dollars, not galaxies. There are only 7 billion people on Earth, this number is 300 times larger.
Galaxies are not static. They evolve.
So what’s the twist, why were astronomers so wrong for so long? Well, it’s because now we can see galaxies much further away than before, thanks to the Hubble Space Telescope and other advanced telescopes. In fact we are now detecting many galaxies that were formed in the first billion years of the universe’s history.
And the universe is about 13.8 billion years old.
A team of astronomers from the University of Nottingham, the Leiden Observatory, and the University of Edinburgh, have built extremely detailed 3D maps of distant galaxies in order to estimate the density of these. They have used data from the Hubble Space Telescope and various ground-based telescopes.
When we look at distant galaxies we are also looking back into the past, since light travels at a finite speed. The researchers, lead by Prof. Christopher Consilice at the University of Nottingham, found the density of galaxies when the universe was a few billion years old to be about 10 times higher than at present (after correcting for the expansion of the universe). He noted that “we are missing the vast majority of galaxies

########
Rank: 20
Score: 36.759594
Retrieved Text: The Baryon Oscillation Spectroscopic Survey (BOSS) is an astronomical survey designed to measure the rate of expansion of the Universe. It will focus on the spatial distribution of Luminous Red Galaxies (LRGs) and quasars.
BOSS is one of the four components of the Sloan Digital Sky Survey (SDSS-III). SDSS-III is used to cover distant quasars at far reaches of the universe, the distribution of galaxies, the properties of stars in the Milky Way and also subjects such as dark matter and dark energy in the universe.
On March 2012, BOSS announced the most accurate measurement yet of the distance scale of the universe during the era when dark energy turned on.
"This is just the first of three data releases from BOSS," says David Schlegel of the U.S. Department of Energy's Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (Berkeley Lab), an astrophysicist in the Lab's Physics Division and BOSS's principal investigator. "By the time BOSS is complete, we will have surveyed more of the sky, out to a distance twice as deep, for a volume more than five times greater than SDSS has surveyed before – a larger volume of the universe than all previous spectroscopic surveys combined."
Spectroscopy yields a wealth of information about astronomical objects including their motion (called redshift and written "z"), their composition, and sometimes also the density of the gas and other material that lies between them and observers on Earth. The BOSS spectra are now freely available at http://sdss3.org to a public that includes amateur astronomers, astronomy professionals who are not members of the SDSS-III collaboration, and

########
Rank: 21
Score: 36.747307
Retrieved Text: I recently picked up a copy of your Unintelligent Design and wanted to alert you to some errors. As a brief introduction, I am a graduate student in Astronomy and have followed the intelligent design movement for several years. I find debunking such creationist claims an entertaining mental exercise and overwhelmingly approve of the purpose of your book.
On pages 173-178, you discuss Hugh Ross's treatment of thermodynamics in a cosmological setting. You correctly point out that Ross's treatment is not overwhelming rigorous--however, his claim that the universe cools because it is expanding is correct.
Ross makes the (regrettably) common slip of referring to an adiabatic expansion when he really means a reversible adiabatic expansion. Because it is assumed that the universe remained in thermal equilibrium throughout much of it's early history, the expansion does indeed cause it to cool.
A couple statements of yours that really need to be changed: on p. 177: "According to the second law, the entropy of the universe increases along with the latter's expansion." This is a misstatement. The second law says entropy increase OR stays constant. The entropy of the early universe, (and I think the latter universe) is dominated by the background radiation which is expanding isentropically. When measured on cosmological scales, entropy is constant.
On p. 178: "The temperature drop occurs because the initial thermal energy of the universe gradually converts...into the kinetic energy of the motion of those clumps of emerging matter moving away from the initial seed of the universe." Again, the cooling is indeed caused by the expansion.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 36.61901
Retrieved Text: What's the oldest thing we've seen through a space telescope?
The Hubble Space Telescope was able to peer 13 billion light-years away to find seven galaxies, some born just around 400 million years after the universe's inception.
Before we get into the meat of the question, let's start off by explaining why we're asking about the oldest thing ever spotted through a telescope. The set-up sounds suspiciously like an astronomy-themed vaudeville routine or something: "I looked through the Hubble Telescope and saw my mother-in-law waving!"
"Hey," you might be thinking, "don't you mean the farthest thing you've seen through a space telescope? How can we see old stuff through a telescope?"
Turns out, the farthest thing you can see in your telescope is the oldest thing as well. (That is, if "you" are an astronomer and "your telescope" is something like the Hubble.) While light speed is the fastest thing in the universe that we know of, it still takes time to travel. When we catch a glimpse of our sun, for instance, we're actually seeing what it looked like eight minutes before, as its rays take eight minutes to reach us. Much, much farther distant stars, planets and galaxies are no different; if a star is 20 light-years away, we're looking at it as it shone 20 years ago. Looking at a galaxy 100 million light-years away means we're seeing it not as it looks right this second, but as it looked when dinosaurs were stomping around Earth.
So the farthest thing we can see in our universe is quite

########
Rank: 23
Score: 36.473724
Retrieved Text: Welcome to the dark side. Around 73% of the universe is made not of matter or radiation but of a mysterious force called dark energy, a kind of gravity in reverse. Dark energy is listed as the breakthrough of the year in the US journal Science today.
The discovery - in fact a systematic confirmation of a puzzling observation first made five years ago - paints an even more puzzling picture of an already mysterious universe. Around 200bn galaxies, each containing 200bn stars, are detectable by telescopes. But these add up to only 4% of the whole cosmos.
Now, on the evidence of a recent space-based probe and a meticulous survey of a million galaxies, astronomers have filled in at least some of the picture.
Around 23% of the universe is made up of another substance, called "dark matter". Nobody knows what this undetected stuff could be, but it massively outweighs all the atoms in all the stars in all the galaxies across the whole detectable range of space. The remaining 73% is the new discovery: dark energy. This bizarre force seems to be pushing the universe apart at an accelerating rate, when gravitational pull should be making it slow down or contract.
"The implications for these discoveries about the universe are truly stunning," said Don Kennedy, the editor of Science. "Cosmologists have been trying for years to confirm the hypothesis of a dark universe."
Sir Martin Rees, Britain's astronomer royal, called it a "discovery of the first magnitude".
The findings were made by an orbiting observatory called the Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy

########
Rank: 24
Score: 36.40181
Retrieved Text: Buy this Hubble Extreme Deep Field space photo. High quality Hubble picture, slide, or Duratrans backlit transparency. NASA photograph H2012-37a. Wide variety of sizes.
Like photographers assembling a portfolio of best shots, astronomers have assembled a new, improved portrait of mankind's deepest-ever view of the universe.
Called the eXtreme Deep Field, or XDF, the photo was assembled by combining 10 years of NASA Hubble Space Telescope photographs taken of a patch of sky at the center of the original Hubble Ultra Deep Field. The XDF is a small fraction of the angular diameter of the full Moon.
The Hubble Ultra Deep Field is an image of a small area of space in the constellation Fornax, created using Hubble Space Telescope data from 2003 and 2004. By collecting faint light over many hours of observation, it revealed thousands of galaxies, both nearby and very distant, making it the deepest image of the universe ever taken at that time.
The new full-color XDF image reaches much fainter galaxies, and includes very deep exposures in red light from Hubble's new infrared camera, enabling new studies of the earliest galaxies in the universe. The XDF contains about 5,500 galaxies even within its smaller field of view. The faintest galaxies are one ten-billionth the brightness of what the human eye can see.
Hubble pointed at a tiny patch of southern sky in repeat visits (made over the past decade) for a total of 50 days, with a total exposure time of 2 million seconds. More than 2,000 images of the same field were taken with Hubble's

########
Rank: 25
Score: 36.308083
Retrieved Text: Some of the universe's most massive galaxies may have formed billions of years earlier than current scientific models predict, according to surprising new research led by Tufts University. The findings appear in the Astrophysical Journal published online Nov. 24 in advance of print publication on Dec. 10, 2010.
"We have found a relatively large number of very massive, highly luminous galaxies that existed almost 12 billion years ago when the universe was still very young, about 1.5 billion years old. These results appear to disagree with the latest predictions from models of galaxy formation and evolution," said Tufts astrophysicist Danilo Marchesini, lead author on the paper and assistant professor of physics and astronomy at the Tufts School of Arts and Sciences. "Current understanding of the physical processes responsible in forming such massive galaxies has difficulty reproducing these observations."
Collaborating with Marchesini were researchers from Yale University, Carnegie Observatories, Leiden University, Princeton University, the University of Kansas and the University of California-Santa Cruz.
The newly identified galaxies were five to ten times more massive than our own Milky Way. They were among a sample studied at redshift 3≤z<4, when the universe was between 1.5 and 2 billion years old.
Redshift refers to the phenomenon of a light wave stretching and moving toward longer wavelengths (the red end of the spectrum) as the emitting object travels away from an observer (Doppler Effect). This is similar to the pitch of a siren getting lower as the siren moves away. The redshift of distant galaxies is due to the expansion of the universe. The

########
Rank: 26
Score: 36.224648
Retrieved Text: Astronomers are announcing this week the sharpest view yet of the properties of dark energy -- the force that currently is driving the accelerated expansion of the universe. "These results are a milestone in the study of the large-scale structure of the universe," said Penn State Professor Donald Schneider, who was the survey coordinator and scientific publications coordinator for the Sloan Digital Sky Survey III (SDSS-III) -- a collaboration of hundreds of scientists whose work produced the largest-ever, three-dimensional map of distant galaxies as well as one of the most precise measurements yet of dark energy.
"The SDSS-III investigation determined the locations of 1.2 million galaxies as a result of its observations, which began in 2009 and concluded in 2014," Schneider said. Jeremy Tinker of New York University, a co-leader of the team that performed the investigation, commented commented that "This map has allowed us to make the best measurements yet of the effects of dark energy in the expansion of the universe."
Shaped by a continuous tug-of-war between dark matter and dark energy, the SDSS-III map now has allowed astronomers to measure the expansion rate of the universe and thus to determine the amount of matter and dark energy that make up the present-day universe. A collection of papers describing these results was submitted this week to the Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society.
These new measurements were carried out by the Baryon Oscillation Spectroscopic Survey (BOSS) program of the SDSS-III collaboration. The scientists measured the expansion rate of the universe by determining the size of the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 36.209583
Retrieved Text: nature of some of the spiral nebulae.
systems of stars remote from our own Milky Way.
of thousands compared to the size of the Milky Way.
later the Palomar 200-inch, he observed a striking correlation.
The more distant a galaxy was, the faster it was moving away from us.
had a red shift not a blue shift, meaning it was receding rather than approaching.
In this situation, a linear relationship between red shift and distance.
We can invert the logic and imagine a time when all galaxies were closer together.
Hubble law points to an origin for the universe, tracing time backwards.
named after Edwin Hubble, and the current expansion rate of the universe.
The steeper this relationship, the faster the current expansion rate.
The shallower this relationship, the slower the current expansion rate.
measured to be roughly 72 kilometers per second per megaparsec.
the recession velocity increases by about 70 kilometers per second.
we understand Hubble's observations now in terms of expanding space.
Hubble spoke simply about recession velocities.
in and causes every galaxy to move away from every other galaxy.
where the fabric of the balloon is space time itself.
Objects on the surface of the balloon are carried away from one another.
The best analogy would be tiny beads glued to the surface of the balloon.
Since galaxies individually are held together by their own gravity.
the galaxies themselves do not grow in size.
What does the linear expansion imply?
that we're the center of the universe?
the red galaxy, measuring the distances and speeds of galaxies near us.
The green and the blue.
We can see that the more distant galaxies move away faster.
That's the linear relationship Hubble

########
Rank: 28
Score: 36.16694
Retrieved Text: The galaxy is a member of a catalog of 30,000 nearby galaxies that Swiss astronomer Fritz Zwicky assembled in the 1930's by photographing the entire northern sky. Though astronomers have long suspected that this galaxy was a youngster, due to its primordial chemical makeup, Hubble's exquisite sensitivity allowed astronomers to do a reliable census of the total stellar population in the galaxy. This allowed them to reliably identify the oldest stars inhabiting the galaxy, thereby setting an upper limit on the galaxy's age.
The baby galaxy managed to remain in an embryonic state as a cold gas cloud of primeval hydrogen and helium for most of the duration of the universe's evolution. As innumerable galaxies blossomed all over space this late-bloomer did not begin active star formation until some 13 billion years after the Big Bang, and went through a sudden first starburst only some 500 million years ago.
Located only 45 million light-years away - much closer than other young galaxies in the nearly 14 billion light-year span of the universe - I Zwicky 18 might represent the only opportunity for astronomers to study in detail the building blocks from which galaxies are formed. It remains a puzzle why the gas in the dwarf galaxy, in contrast to that in other galaxies, took so long - nearly the age of the universe - to collapse under the influence of gravity to form its first stars.
"I Zwicky 18 is a bona fide young galaxy," said Trinh Thuan, professor of astronomy at the University of Virginia, who co-authored the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 36.103645
Retrieved Text: Testing Inflation with Hundreds of Fields Concordance or Contradiction?
This blog post was written by Marc Manera.
More than one million galaxies have been observed in the last three years by the 2.5 meter telescope at the Apache Point Observatory in New Mexico. In the picture above you can see the telescope (and me) just before sunset during a visit I made to the observatory some years ago. Some of the astronomers and cosmologists of the Sloan Digital Sky Survey had met nearby to discuss the science that can be done with the forthcoming observations – but now the data are already here.
When you have observations of the position and colour of more than one million galaxies at your fingertips, there are a lot of questions about the universe that can be investigated. In this post I will focus on how we have measured the expansion of the universe using the distribution of galaxies from the BOSS survey, which is part of the Sloan Digital Sky Survey.
BOSS – the Baryon Oscillation Spectroscopic Survey – has targeted 1.35 million galaxies covering approximately 10,000 square degrees. Galaxies are observed by setting optical fibres in the focal plane of the telescope. The light of each galaxy is then carried to a spectrograph where it is diffracted into a spectrum of wavelengths or frequencies i.e. colours – like a rainbow – and the data are stored.
As the light travels from the galaxy where it was originally emitted to us, the spectrum of colours of the galaxies shifts towards the red; i.e., the

================



======= Instance Index 8 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are the object with many colliding particles has a lower concentration of particles or the object with many colliding particles has a higher concentration of particles ):

At higher concentrations, particles of reactants are crowded closer together, so they are more likely to collide and react.


Ian sees an object with few colliding particles, and he compares it to another object with few colliding particles. Which is true about the objects the object with many colliding particles has a lower concentration of particles or the object with many colliding particles has a higher concentration of particles?

Target Text: the object with many colliding particles has a lower concentration of particles

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 69.986885
Retrieved Text: I have a problem separating particles colliding with other particles.
Filter demon with "on Collision" option separates only particles hitting/colliding with the object not the other particles.
Any clue how to do it ?
Re: Particle to Particle collision separation - filter/demon script ?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 58.464535
Retrieved Text: where is my mistake? Particle wont collide with the grid. They should slide or bounce. better both. And why I dont have a preview of my smoke sim?
Last but not least: Where I'm able to find detailed! Tutors with as muach as possible colliding stuff in it. Particles of course.
particles: Add a static solver to your particle dop network with the collision object of your choice. You just have added a collision detect which stores some hit attributes.
smoke: At first glance I think there is something wrong with your dynamic grid. I turned it off and set the bounding box to a proper size and I got some feedback. Maybe start looking there.
Don't even need a static solver, just merge in a ground plane (or other static object) with the right collision relationship on your merge. You can use your own grid I guess but if you want to represent an infinite floor its easier with a ground plane.
could you send me the file please? Dont know some things exactly.
checked it for 3 minutes this morning before work and didn´t save at all.
Do the following: Navigate to the pop network and hit the Ground Plane button in the shelf. Your particles should collide immediately with the ground.
In your autoDop network ( this one with the smoke sim ) just deactivate the auto resize fluid.... node. Resize your fluid Grid a bit. That´s all.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 55.518436
Retrieved Text: With respect to having objects bounce off one another, I suggest checking out the following links concerning elastic collisions, inelastic collisions, and coefficients of restitution. EDIT: I just noticed that this was covered in another SO question , albeit not specifically for Python.... Is ther a way to know what another object is colliding with? I have a bunch of child objects, each with a trigger collider. I want the parent to be able to know which children are colliding with an object.
Moreover, sprites can be easily created and used to simplify the drawing process and provide a more object-oriented approach to it, and sprite groups provide an efficient way to organize sprites and accomplish tasks such as collision detection. If you are looking to build a simple game in Python or an application with a unique interface, consider using PyGame. how to change wifi password cisco modem dpc2320 So, in this tutorial, I am going to show you how to detect collision between two objects so that you can apply it to your game development project. Here we are going to detect collision with a specific object in Unity 3D with C# programming.
The more complicated problem is how to efficiently detect what objects in a set are overlapping/have collided, without pairwise comparing each object against every other object, which has sub-optimal O(N^2). For this you need a spatial data structure of some kind, like a quad tree. how to draw fur with pastels Collision is knowing when one object has come into contact with another

########
Rank: 3
Score: 54.809193
Retrieved Text: A particle system is first and foremost driven by attributes. Here are some of the attributes understood by the solvers.
The attributes are listed with the @ style prefix to give the full type. No prefix means float.
There are two suggested methods for creating attributes: POP VOP and POP Wrangle.
In a POP VOP, you can use a Bind Export VOP to write out your desired attribute.
In a POP Wrangle you can use a prototype to specify the attribute and default.
The expression after the equals must be a simple constant expression.
Houdini will use the Cd (diffuse color) point attribute to color particles.
Time in seconds since the particle was born. To get the relative time, useful for fading effects, use @nage.
@age divided by @life. Implicit attribute, you cannot write to this.
Time in seconds the particle is allowed to live. When @age>@life, the particle will be marked dead.
A unique id for the particle that remains the same throughout a single simulation. Always use @id rather than @ptnum to avoid things changing when particles are deleted. Use findattribval() to look up the point number that corresponds with an id.
The particle solver uses the standard v (velocity) attribute as the direction of the particle. Use length(@v) to get the speed of the particle.
Forces on the particle for this frame.
This is multiplied by @pscale to determine the rough shape of the particle for the purpose of rotational inertia.
How much the particle is dragged by any wind effects.
A value from 1 to 2. An exponent of 1 means that a particle is dragged to

########
Rank: 4
Score: 54.656036
Retrieved Text: The cumulative total of particle hits.
The number of times the particle hit in this detection node.
A path to the object it hit. This is an op: path so it can be used directly by VEX.
The primitive the object hit. Can be -1 if the specific primitive could not be resolved.
The parameteric location on the primitive of the hit. This is not texture uvs. The primuv() VEX function can be used to recover information about the hit location.
The location in space of the collision. Often does not correspond to the current location of the particle as it usually passes through the collision. Also may not correspond to the evaluated location of the hitpath since intra-frame collisions use swept geometry.
The normal of geometry at the time of the collision.
The velocity of the geometry at the time and position of the collision.
When, in seconds, the collision occurred.
You can read the hit attributes directly, or use the POP Collision Behavior node to transform them in some common ways.
This node detects collisions of all particles in the Group field, even if they already collided. So if you're sticking particles, this node will update the hittime of stuck particles at each time step.
To avoid this, you can specify the Group as @stuck=0, so the node only affects particles that aren’t stuck.
In SOP mode, this node only supports collisions with triangles and quads. You can detect collisions with SDFs using the Relationship or DOP Objects and pointing to Static Objects.
This operator modifies the hitnum, hitpath, hitprim, hituv, hitv, hitpos, hitnml, hittime, P, Cd,

########
Rank: 5
Score: 54.015015
Retrieved Text: [HELP] How to switch the mode of displacement ?
How Can I Make A Platform Lauch My PLayer Into The Air?
How to avoid Character Controller being launched to the air when colliding?
How can I make a flying object follow ground player and stay airborne?
Airplay video play on TV while mirroring is on!
Shaky (jittery) 2D car movement.
How Do I Install Unity 5 on a MacBook Air?
Restrict the particles system, Even when the gameobject is rotating .
Can I use Unity3D in Flash?
Jump in direction while in air?
How to make my vehicle stop from going forward in mid air?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 53.937546
Retrieved Text: Part 1 – Introduction: Information about what we will be building and what we will not.
Before going into the details, I insist on the fact that the physics system we will build here is not physically correct. We will not resolve collision impact or forces in a realistic way, since this is not the goal here. Instead, our aim is to obtain a simple solution focusing on achieving a good gameplay.
Now that this has been made clear, let’s proceed to the details.
To identify colliders, we will first introduce a new component, the Collider component.
One of the few restrictions we imposed on our game was that all the colliders of objects must have a square shape. Therefore, detecting collisions mostly means detecting intersection between squares.
We will also require a function to check if an object is outside our level to prevent it from going outside of our map area.
Note: You migh wonder why we substract the value 0.5f to coordinates. This is because we assumed that the first tile of our grid was at coordinates (0,0). Therefore, the first tile extends from (-0.5; -0.5) to (0.5;0.5). The same applies to the other borders of our level. Please also note that we assumed each grid cell to be 1-unit wide.
We our now ready to check if an object is colliding another one, or colliding the border of our level.
Before moving an object, our physics sytem will now check if it would result in a colliding position. If so, it will also prevent the colliding object to move.
In the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 53.79133
Retrieved Text: Here, as promised, is episode nine of Mike Paterson’s “Colliding Particles“.
Nothing to do with zombies, although it could have been.
This entry was posted in Particle Physics, Physics, Science and tagged colliding particles, Higgs, video. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 52.184513
Retrieved Text: In ATLAS, the very first component that is reached by colliding particles is the inner detector. As particles collide, their tracks, momentum and charge must be measured with the highest degree of precision. In this interview by ATLAS physicist Steven Goldfarb of colleague Pippa Wells, ATLAS Inner Detector System Project Leader, viewers learn how this measurement is done in the heart of ATLAS. Topics covered include a basic description of the structure of the inner detector, what the detector is trying to do, what types of particles will be able to be seen, how the inner detector records what it sees, what happens to the data collected, the construction and assembly process of the detector, the importance of system testing during assembly, and what would happen if the Higgs particle passed through the detector.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 51.370796
Retrieved Text: First one needs to know the initial conditions, namely how powerful the collision was: this is done by measuring the remnants of the colliding nuclei in detectors made of high density materials located about 110 meters on both sides of ALICE (the ZDC’s) and by measuring with the FMD, V0 and T0 the number of particles produced in the collision and their spatial distribution. T0 also measures with high precision the time when the event takes place.
An ensemble of cylindrical detectors (from inside out: ITS Pixels (ITS Drift, ITS Strips, TPC, TRD) measures at many points (over 100 just the TPC ) the passage of each particle carrying an electric charge, so that its trajectory is precisely known. The ALICE tracking detectors are embedded in a magnetic field (produced by the huge red magnet !) bending the trajectories of the particles: from the curvature of the tracks one can find their momentum. The ITS is so precise that particles which are generated by the decay of other particles with a very short life time can be identified by seeing that they do not originate from the point where the interaction has taken place (the “vertex” of the event) but rather from a point at a distance of as small as a tenth of a millimeter.
ALICE also wants to know the identity of each particle, whether it is an electron, or a proton, a kaon or a pion. In addition to the information given by ITS and TPC, more specialized detectors are needed: the TOF measures, with

########
Rank: 10
Score: 51.32335
Retrieved Text: This depiction is, of course, even more utterly balderdashian than all the other boson-pictures combined, because the Higgs is created (and for a short time only) inside the LHC, when other particles collide. While here, one clearly sees two Z-Bosons emotionally colliding, a total figment of imagination.
But I like it anyway, and there's some truth in it, as well, for those to see with their eyes and think in their dreams.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 50.407196
Retrieved Text: 1. Clustering and Coarsening in a Granular Gas Granular gases are of great scientific and economic relevance. Scientific, because of their tendency to spontaneously separate into dense and dilute regions, which makes them fundamentally different from any textbook molecular gas. Economic, because no less than 5 per cent of the global energy budget is wasted due to problems with granular matter in conveyor belts, sorting machines, mixers, and other industrial machinery. Here we study - experimentally, numerically, and theoretically - the clustering of particles in a vertically vibrated array of N connected compartments. For strong shaking, the particles spread evenly over the compartments, but if the shaking strength is lowered beneath a critical level this uniform distribution gives way to a clustered state, consisting of a few well-filled compartments and a lot of diluted ones. In the course of time, this state coarsens: The smaller clusters are eaten by the larger ones, until finally only one big cluster remains. This coarsening process is exceptionally slow, with the mass of the surviving cluster growing only as the square root of log t.
In this second lecture we turn to the wonderful world of ratchets, which have become a hot topic in recent years. In order to extract mechanical work on a molecular scale (e.g., to make a muscle move), nature uses the concept of a Brownian ratchet: The stochastic forces from a noisy environment are converted into a directed motion. Here we create a "granular ratchet", exploiting the clustering phenomenon from the previous lecture in a slightly adapted

########
Rank: 12
Score: 50.29523
Retrieved Text: I've also tried with raycasting but none of the pieces moved. I also have one more problem with the OnTriggerStay2D, "else if" part. OnTriggerStay2D should instantiate one of the particles according to puzzle piece is in the correct place or not. But it instantiates both of them when piece is in the correct place. I can use any help especially with the first question. Thank you everyone.
Thanks a lot ! I've changed Update() method with OnMouseDrag() and now I can move all the pieces without any problem. Also, I've swapped the contents of if() and else if() parts, now I can get the particles correctly but there's just one piece always instantiate both of the particles when it is placed correctly. Any idea how can I fix this ?
You're welcome! Seems like OnTriggerStay2D is being called 2 times (with 2 different Collider2D). Try adding Debug.Log("instantiating right particle when colliding with " + other.name) and Debug.Log("instantiating wrong particle when colliding with " + other.name) and, if you still need help, paste here the output.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 49.700466
Retrieved Text: Save your soul with the power of absorption. You absorb black particles which is good. Destroy red particles by colliding them with the black particles. You grow as you absorb and destroy.
Destroying red particles increases your power meter. Click to use a power bomb to destroy red particles near you. And the only way for a sick score is the power bomb combo. Destroy 2 or more red particles at once using the power bomb to do a combo. The more you do, the more you score. Move with Mouse Power Bomb by clicking when activated.
sORb has been played 3.739 times since it was added on February 3, 2010.
Play the free game sORb and more fun skill games at GamesArca.de, the ultimate source for free online arcade games.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 49.666546
Retrieved Text: The Physic Material is used to adjust friction and bouncing effects of colliding objects.
See in Glossary in the scene.
Dynamic Friction The friction used when already moving. Usually a value from 0 to 1. A value of zero feels like ice, a value of 1 will make it come to rest very quickly unless a lot of force or gravity pushes the object.
Static Friction The friction used when an object is laying still on a surface. Usually a value from 0 to 1. A value of zero feels like ice, a value of 1 will make it very hard to get the object moving.
Bounciness How bouncy is the surface? A value of 0 will not bounce. A value of 1 will bounce without any loss of energy, certain approximations are to be expected though that might add small amounts of energy to the simulation.
Friction Combine How the friction of two colliding objects is combined.
- Average The two friction values are averaged.
- Minimum The smallest of the two values is used.
- Maximum The largest of the two values is used.
- Multiply The friction values are multiplied with each other.
Friction is the quantity which prevents surfaces from sliding off each other. This value is critical when trying to stack objects. Friction comes in two forms, dynamic and static. Static friction is used when the object is lying still. It will prevent the object from starting to move. If a large enough force is applied to the object it will start moving. At this point Dynamic Friction will come into

########
Rank: 15
Score: 49.65432
Retrieved Text: So I'm in the middle of creating a waterfall scene which is going to flow down some geometry and collide with a lake. I've set up both the emitters for the waterfall and the wave tank for the lake in separate DOP networks.
However when i try and bring the particles in from the waterfall into the lake DOP the particles don't seem to be having any interaction, the waterfall particles just fall though my static objects even though they should be colliding.
Edit* I've noticed that the bounding box in the flip solver was not including the waterfall particles which fixes the problem of them not moving however the particles still do not interact with the wave tank.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 49.493397
Retrieved Text: Which more expensive: Broadcast or Conditional?
I'm changing gravity every time something hits a ceiling by the ceiling broadcasting that it's been hit, change the gravity and handling conditionals for needs to change, etc, somewhere else.
Or have you done some magic with arrays/dictionaries between receivers and broadcasters so i can think of these as super fast and light and use lots and lots of braodcasts?
@Deeeds why bother with the broadcast? Why not just have the collide behavior in the object you are broadcasting to?
@iTap-Development It's just an example to make it clear that I'm considering using a LOT of broadcasting, and have already become lazy in relying on it for code organisation.
The question is not about a specific problem: I'm asking the relative cost of using broadcasts versus other approaches to organising and distributing code.
@Deeeds You might want to ask the developers.
I would think that a broadcast/broadcast receive would impact more than a conditional, since broadcast receive behaviours are always waiting for a message to be broadcasted to them.
If you end up getting an answer, let me know too.
Except for my dribbles and rants.
I'm not so sure about the listeners actively listening. This might be just a metaphor being used. They're probably sitting in an array or dictionary that's messaged only when a "broadcast" is sent, meaning highly efficient. Possibly more so than conditionals.
boring story approaching: A friend of mine, a few years ago, spent a huge amount of time teaching me to not use ifs because he'd found them to be a bit of a drag

########
Rank: 17
Score: 48.67575
Retrieved Text: This Condition can be used every time objects (or more precisely, its colliders) need to collide with each other or with the user himself.
Valid if the specified list of objects are in proximity (it means that the Proximity collider of each object is in collision with each other).
You can specify any object in the scene. If you want to detect when the concerned IO is in proximity with your user, choose Head(IO) (inside the camera) as a colliding object.
OnEnter / OnExit lets you define whether you want the condition to validate when Proximity zones of specified IOs are entering or exiting collision.
If Require All is checked, all the specified objects in this list have to be in proximity with each other. If not checked, as soon as two of them are in proximity, this condition will be validated.
Valid if the specified list of objects are in proximity (it means that the Proximity collider of each object are in collision with each other).
You can specify any object in the scene. If you want to detect when the concerned IO is in proximity with your user, choose Head(IO) (inside the camera) as colliding object.
OnExit: The condition is valid when Proximity zones stop colliding, when they exit from each other’s collider.
If Require All is checked, all the specified objects in this list have to be in proximity with each other. If not checked, as soon as two of them meet the condition it will be validated.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 48.166313
Retrieved Text: Dark matter is one of the unsolved mysteries in physics and astrophysics.
This hidden matter, which is believed to form as much as 85% of the total matter in the universe, was first introduced about 60 years ago by the astronomer Fritz Zwicky. He developed and later proposed his “missing matter” theory to explain why stars rotating far away from the center of a galaxy move much more quickly than expected, taking account the visible mass of the galaxy.
What Zwicky had called missing matter is now commonly called the dark matter. Dark matter cannot be directly observed by any scientific observation devices, but its existence has been suggested by its gravitational effects.
Weakly Interacting Massive or Low-Mass Particles. They include particles that have a very weak interaction with the rest of the matter, but with a finite mass contributing to the overall mass of the galaxy or universe. Due to their nature, they cannot be “seen” or easily detected and so can be categorized as dark matter. A good candidate is a tiny ghost particle named neutrino that exists in large numbers throughout the universe. Neutrinos are weakly interacting low-mass particles that because of their abundance in the universe can be a good candidate.
Massive Astrophysical Compact Hollow Objects (MACHOS): They include any massive object that can contribute to the dark matter. Black holes, including mini-black holes, that may exist in large numbers in the universe are categorized as MACHO. Contrary to the first candidate, they are very massive and have a high gravitational field. But due to the

########
Rank: 19
Score: 48.085228
Retrieved Text: It’s the festive time of year once again, and here at helloluxx, we thought we’d share some XP Xmas Advent gifts with all you Cinema 4D users out there. Each day of December until the 24th, we offer you a free X-Particles scene file. It’s going to feel like Christmas everyday!
Well, perhaps not, but we love giving out to the helloluxx community and hopefully this collection of XP scenes will inspire you to create something awesome. I built these files from my library of presets which I’ve been collecting ever since I started using X-Particles. I didn’t necessarily create all these set-ups, they may have been shared online by others. I’m talking about people like Casey Hupke, Mike Batchelor, Mario Tran Phuc, Lothar Mai, Dino Muhic & Joel Dubin. The credit should really go to the amazing collection of artists from around the world who are generous enough to share their knowledge and inspire us all.
If you don’t have X-Particles yet, then you can grab it here, and if you’re looking for more in depth tutorials for X-Particles, then please take a look at learn x-particles 3, which has over seven hours of professional training for working with this powerful particle system.
Let’s start with a slightly festive set-up. This simple scene uses the xpBranch modifier to create one arm of this growing snowflake. The xpTrail object is used to create splines from the particle path and then this is cloned radially using the MoGraph Cloner.
You can create unique snowflakes by changing the xpEmitter Random Seed parameter,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 48.065002
Retrieved Text: The aurora is caused by charged particles from the sun colliding with molecules and atoms in our atmosphere. The more particles that are expelled by the sun, the more intense the aurora will be. The auroras are concentrated on circles around the magnetic poles, which roughly coincide with the polar circles. This means that the further away from these circles the observer is, the lower on the horizon the aurora will be seen.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 47.93928
Retrieved Text: This guys rails against Relativity and Quantum Mechanics while being quite entertaining and informative - interesting.
YouTube - Einstein's Idiots 1: What's the point?
Shiloh1... quit posting your own YouTube videos!
Why exactly do QM and Relativity need to be railed against?
If he's going to make up his own explanations for something and then shoot holes in his own made-up explanations, he can disprove just about anything. Those pictures of gold atom collisions, for instance, don't claim to be of the individual protons and neutrons of the initial gold atoms, but of other particles created from the extreme center-of-mass energy of the colliding particles.
Disproving years of experimentally verified physics simply by not understanding it doesn't count for much.
Is that a rhetorical question? Because if you are asking me - I am not the one railing - I just thought his approach was funny and quit entertaining and informative.
Regarding the gold atom collision picture - I think he answers your point begining at 8:10 of the video. They are not traces of particles created by the collision. In the previous video (#7) I think he talks about the elctromagnetic 'ropes' that converge on each atom.
It's not entirely rhetorical, as he's taken the time to make the video, you've taken the time to find and post the video, and then I took the time to watch it. I guess the question for you is "why did you find this challenging?" There are certainly areas of physics that are still being developed and are without lots of experimental evidence, but QM and

########
Rank: 22
Score: 47.920925
Retrieved Text: 🐺: I was told it was spring. Why is it cold again?
Another great, if not a tad bit chilly, workout today! From long distance, to sprinting, to throwing we had a little bit of everything. Send us a message if your looking to join for a workout!
La temperatura más baja registrada en la Tierra se registró en la Estación Vostok en la Antártida el 21 de julio de 1983.
Y porque amo las montañas.
The Northern Lights are actually the result of collisions between gaseous particles in the Earth's atmosphere with charged particles released from the sun's atmosphere. Variations in colour are due to the type of gas particles that are colliding.
Caption & 📸@foodbysaycheese How many people are Honey Chilly Potato Lovers??
Feeling too warm? Let Nikita Yakushev’s #chilly , “Mountain Manor,” #refresh you! Made using #SpeedTree , #WorldMachine , #SubstancePainter , #SubstanceDesigner , #3dsMax , #ZBrush , #UnrealEngine , and #Photoshop !

########
Rank: 23
Score: 47.62235
Retrieved Text: This book introduces and reviews both theory and applications of polarizational bremsstrahlung, i.e. the electromagnetic radiation emitted during collisions of charged particles with structured, thus polarizable targets, such as atoms, molecules and clusters.
The subject, following the first experimental evidence a few decades ago, has gained importance through a number of modern applications. Thus, the study of several radiative mechanisms is expected to lead to the design of novel light sources, operating in various parts of the electromagnetic spectrum. Conversely, the analysis of the spectral and angular distribution of the photon emission constitutes a new tool for extracting information on the interaction of the colliding particles, and on their internal structure and dynamical properties.
Last but not least, accurate quantitative descriptions of the photon emission processes determine the radiative energy losses of particles in various media, thereby providing essential information required for e.g. plasma diagnostics as well as astrophysical and medical applications (such as radiation therapy).
This book primarily addresses graduate students and researchers with a background in atomic, molecular, optical or plasma physics, but will also be of benefit to anyone wishing to enter the field.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 47.17409
Retrieved Text: The “Object Splash” emitter can be found in the “RealWave” shelf. “Object Splash” cannot be used as a stand-alone emitter and requires a RealWave surface.
Here you can choose the objects you want make emit the splash particles. If you need control over the individual splashes then it is recommended to use one emitter per object.
This setting is used to increase the number of created particles. It is closely related to he emitter’s “Resolution” parameter and ranges from 0 to 1. 0 disables the waterline emission, while 1 is used to maximize it.
With this parameter you can control the area around the object where particles will be emitted. A value of 1.0 means that particles will be created in an area of 1 metre around the object.
This is a multiplier to enhance the splash and higher values will produce faster velocities in horizontal direction. You can enter any positive value.
This is a multiplier to enhance the splash and higher values will produce faster velocities in vertical direction. You can enter any positive value.
Higher values are used to create wide-angle particle emissions around the object.
With this parameter you can modify the speed of the particles when they are emitted from the waterline.
With values greater than 0 particles are emitted from polygons below the RealWave surface. This is great for creating particle trails from objects that move underwater. The range is between 0 and 1, where 0 disables the creation of particles.
When “Underwater mult” is active you can enter a positive value. Then, particles are only created between the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 47.131184
Retrieved Text: From quarks to yet unknown particles, CERN continues to explore new frontiers in physics. Thanks to some of the most complex instruments ever made in a laboratory, Nature can reveal its inner secrets to the scientists.
Mass is the amount of material in an object. Newton showed us that weight is proportional to mass, and Einstein showed that energy is related to mass through the famous equation E = mc2. When it comes to elementary particles, physicists are dealing with a very fundamental question: where does the mass come from?
Why do particles with no known structure have mass?
The answer may lie in the so-called Higgs mechanism. According to this theory, a medium - called the Higgs field - spreads through all the Universe at all times. Particles acquire their mass by interacting with this field, such that those that interact strongly are heavier than those having a weaker interaction. The Higgs boson is the manifestation of the field in the form of a particle. The LHC collision energy is enough to produce such a particle – if it exists.
Antimatter is routinely created in laboratories like CERN and in Nature when cosmic rays hit the atmosphere. Although matter and antimatter must have been produced in the same amounts at the time of the Big Bang, only matter seems to have survived in our Universe today.
Where has all the Big Bang antimatter gone?
The explanation could be differences in the behaviour of matter and antimatter. Tiny experimental differences – the so-called CP violation effects – have already been observed but

########
Rank: 26
Score: 47.084404
Retrieved Text: Nibbler is an arcade game by Rock-Ola Manufacturing Corporation. Its gameplay is a variant of Pac-Man. The object is to navigate a virtual snake through an enclosed maze, while consuming dots along the way. The length of the snake increases with each object consumed, making the game more difficult. The player must also avoid colliding with walls or obstacles, and must also avoid colliding with the snake's own body sections. After all the objects on the screen have been eaten, the player progresses to the next wave, involving harder obstacles and/or higher game speeds.
As seen on the popular arcade documentary "MAN vs SNAKE: The Long and Twisted Tale of Nibbler"

########
Rank: 27
Score: 47.056515
Retrieved Text: An international team of astronomers has used a range of telescopes including the Atacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array (ALMA) to observe a pair of galaxies colliding at a time when the universe was just half its current age. The project made use of a gravitational magnifying glass created by the gravity of a galaxy between Earth and the subject, and required observations in both visible and infrared light.
The galaxies, known collectively as H-ATLAS J142935.3-002836 (H1429-0028 for short), were originally discovered in the Herschel Astrophysical Terahertz Large Area Survey (H-ATLAS). The system is obscured by a closer galaxy in the foreground, and was found to be extremely faint when viewed in visible light, but appeared much brighter in far-infrared observations.
While the closer, obscuring galaxy created obvious difficulties in directly observing the distant object, the team was able to make use of an effect known as gravitational lensing, wherein a cosmic lens is created by the gravity of a foreground galaxy. This lens deflects the light being emitted from the obscured object, allowing astronomers to study it in detail.
Knowing that this was possible, a campaign of observations were embarked upon, utilising both space and ground telescopes. NASA/ESA’s Hubble Space Telescope and the Keck Observatory were used to reveal the gravitationally-induced ring of light around the obscuring galaxy, helping to gather details about its nature.
The team then used ALMA and the Karl Jansky Very Large Array (JVLA) to study the area at longer wavelengths, penetrating the intervening clouds of dust. Together, these observations revealed that the obscured system was in

########
Rank: 28
Score: 46.932156
Retrieved Text: One of the first things I wanted to do was to edit an individual mushroom by selecting it, moving it around, transforming it in a number of ways (rotating it, scaling it), etc. Whereas I expected to see each individual mushroom show up in the Outliner tool (which would then allow me to select a mushroom from the Outliner and see it highlighted in the viewport), I only saw a single "Plane" object in the Outliner. Furthermore, I wasn't able to grab individual mushrooms and do anything with them. They all appeared "locked" into the plane and/or greater model at large.
I asked a question on this site and was told that these mushrooms were part of a particle system (which, as a total newbie, I had never heard of before). To make the individual mushrooms editable objects, I needed to go to the Modifiers Panel and click the Convert button. I did this, and sure enough, I am now able to edit each individual mushroom. Thank you Blender SE!
However, I was curious to find out more about particle systems and how they were related to my mushroom patch. I have now watched several video tutorials on Blender particle systems and emitters, and I'm now totally & utterly confused!
How are the individual mushrooms connected to a particle system in the original (on blendswap.com) file? Did the author somehow configure a super customized particle system that "emitted" random mushrooms at random locations?
What does Modifiers >> Convert actually do to a particle system (or anything else)? How did it

########
Rank: 29
Score: 46.67559
Retrieved Text: Bonus read: Is beaming possible?
Yes, it is, says Johannes Blaschke of the Max Planck Institute for Dynamics and Self-Organization. He briefly explains the basic scientific principles behind beaming and lays out under which circumstances it can be done.
A transporter is a fictional teleportation machine used in the Star Trek universe. Transporters convert a person or object into an energy pattern (a process called de-materialization) and “beam” it to a target – where they are then reconverted into physical matter (re-materialization).
Won’t anything that can be done, eventually be done?
The teleporter ensures that an object (such as a human) disappears from one spot and reappears at another. For example, when Captain Kirk calls his chief engineer, “Beam me up, Scotty,” then disappears from a planet’s surface and reappears in the Enterprise’s transporter room. It’s very hard to say if anything will ever be possible. Instead, I’d like to explain how the Star Trek teleporter works and discuss whether it contradicts any physical principles.
First, I have to describe some basics. Physicists look at the world a bit like a giant game of Lego: every object in the universe is made up of smaller pieces called elementary particles. Surprisingly, only five such elementary particles are needed to build just about anything in the world!
In addition, particles of one variety can be converted into those of another. Energy is either consumed or released. Matter is thus a form of energy. Something is missing in this “world view”, though. For example, if we put together all the Lego bricks for a Lego

================



======= Instance Index 9 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are increase or decrease ):

As the amount of water increases, the melting point of rock decreases.


If Mona adds more water to her cauldron of melting rock, what will happen to the melting point of that rock increase or decrease?

Target Text: decrease

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 43.711452
Retrieved Text: Although the phrase "melted rock" is used, technically the rock doesn’t melt at all. Instead the particles that form the rock change, causing crystals. Rocks that have melted are called metamorphic rocks. Metamorphic rocks are known as magma when they are under Earth's surface, and lava when a volcano expels them.
Heat is the most important factor affecting the melting point of rock. High temperatures cause the ions in the rock to move quickly, which results in a deformation of the rock. Rock melts when subjected to temperatures between 572 degrees Fahrenheit and 1,292 degrees Fahrenheit. Different types of rock, formed by different materials, will melt at different temperatures.
A great deal of pressure is inside Earth, which causes heat. Imagine rubbing your hands together very hard; this pressure causes heat. Something like this happens -- on a much-larger scale -- under Earth's surface, which is why magma exists in Earth’s core.
The higher the water content of the rocks, the lower the melting point, meaning that they require less heat to melt. The water mixes with the rock particles and speeds up the formation of crystals.
Certain types of rock, such as basalts, must be exposed to high temperatures for a very long time before they start to melt. This reaction is also dependent on the water content of the rocks -- basalts have a low water content; therefore, they take longer to melt. Also, the less pressure the rocks are subjected to, the longer it will take for them to melt.
Harris, Linda. "What Factors Affect the Melting Temperature

########
Rank: 1
Score: 43.474022
Retrieved Text: 3.A.3 How Does Rock Melt?
What are these conditions that lead to the formation of magma?
Why is it we sometimes get melt and sometimes don't?
in the middle of South America there are no volcanoes?
along the cascade chain in North America, or in Japan.
to produce magma, some of which comes up and erupts at volcanoes.
we'll just look at these briefly.
The first cause of melting is a phenomena called decompression melting.
gas depends on the pressure and temperature conditions that it's in.
what we've done is we've changed the temperature without changing the pressure.
temperature in the freezer it becomes solid.
we're changing the temperature but keeping the pressure the same.
It undergoes a change of state and becomes liquid.
not by changing the temperature but by changing the pressure.
it's not only very hot, but it's also under a great amount of pressure.
level on the crust, even at geologic rates on the order of a few centimeters a year.
Rock is a good insulator, so it's not going to lose it's heat very fast.
So, it can make that rise and still be very hot.
where the pressure is less.
In fact, the pressure is low enough that that block starts to melt.
takes place when we don't change the temperature but decrease the pressure.
So that's one way we have can melting take place.
with the red line, the conditions of pressure and temperature in the Earth.
And with the black line, the conditions at which rock starts to melt.
conditions that the rock takes if it goes from deeper depth up to shallower depth.
And what happens is if that rise happens fast

########
Rank: 2
Score: 43.316967
Retrieved Text: I had a student ask me this in class the other day; I thought about it, but I still can't work it out.
Many mineral and rock hydrates (take basalt, for instance) have much lower melting points than their anhydrous counterparts. I could not craft a plausible explanation for this.
I realize that hydrates have different crystal structures due to the presence of water, but I am unsure how this will affect the melting points. If anything, the possibility of hydrogen bonding would make the melting point higher, no?
Browse other questions tagged thermodynamics melting-point minerals or ask your own question.
Are melting points for mixtures of solids ALWAYS below the melting points of the individual components?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 40.089188
Retrieved Text: We are pleased to announce we have been awarded the 2018 Certificate of Excellence in Court Resurfacing from Dalton Enterprises producers of Latex-Ite court coatings. We have had a great relationship over the years, and it has continued to grow. We are excited to display what we have to offer in the tennis world and can’t wait to get started on our 2019 projects. Click to view the press release!
Winter time in the northeast means snow and ice events over the next 3 months. As a home owner or business owner you may need to ask yourself; should I be using salt or ice melt?
This has been the go-to product for melting ice during the winter months of the year. Unbeknown to many people, rock salt (also known as halite) is basically sodium chloride in mineral form. It works by penetrating the surface of ice thus forming a strong solution of water and salt, which is commonly referred to as brine. Since salt and brine’s freezing point is significantly lower than that of water, the ice will start melting, and won’t form again provided that adequate rock salt is available. Typically, rock salt establishes grit and gravel particles that increase traction on driveways, walkways, and even stairs.
Rock salt remains one of the cheapest ice melting products. It is also readily available in retail outlets except when there are extreme shortages due to weather. This means homeowners should think ahead and purchase before they need it What’s more, rock salt can effectively be used to prevent the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 39.214767
Retrieved Text: Question 1 What are the ways in which physical state of matter can be changed ?
Question 2 What is boiling ?
Question 3 What is condensation?
Question 4 What is freezing?
Question 5 What do you mean by inter-conversion of matter?
Question 6 What is melting or fusion.
Question 7 What does higher melting point indicate ?
Question 8 How does a solid changes into liquid on heating ?
Question 9 How does a liquid changes into vapours on heating ?
The process in which a solid substance changes into a liquid on heating is called Melting or fusion.
The temperature at which a solid substance melts and changes into a liquid at atmospheric pressure is called melting point of the substance.
For Ex:The ice melts at a temperature of 0°C to form liquid water.So the melting point of ice is 0°C.
Different solids have different melting points.
Higher the melting point of solid substance,greater will be the forces of attraction between its particles.
When a solid substance is heated,the heat energy makes its particles vibrate more vigorously.At the melting point,the particles of a solid have sufficient kinetic energy to overcome the strong forces of attraction holding them in fixed positions and break to form small groups of particles.And the solid melts to form a liquid.
The process in which a liquid substance into a gas rapidly on heating is called boiling.
When water changes into steam rapidly on heating,it is called boiling of water.
The temperature at which a liquid boils and changes rapidly into a gas at atmospheric pressure is called boiling point of the liquid.
For Example: When water is

########
Rank: 5
Score: 38.366215
Retrieved Text: Follow the arrows left when you enter. You'll be entering the icy part of Halloween Town now, so be careful when walking and facing enemies on ice. Fourth room after the entrance, you'll see the Mayor.
Jack encounters the Mayor with a cauldron at the Graveyard. He asks if Jack would like to have lunch with him. Jack politely declines saying he is in search of the Melting Man. He asks the Mayor if he's seen him, but he has only seen ghosts. Jack wonders about asking the ghosts when the Mayor tells Jack that it'll probably be no use. He then asks if he could help him. The Mayor doesn't have all his ingredients for his lunch and really needs them. Jack tells him he has to look for the Melting Man but the Mayor entices him by promising he'll give some of his Gall Stone Gumbo if he helps. Jack then agrees, hoping he'll find the Melting Man while he's looking for the ingredients. The Mayor thanks him and Jack goes off in search of the missing items and the equally missing Melting Man.
Well, getting the ingredients is no picnic. Go left, heal, save, and go on to the next area. Continue going through the path until you reach the seventh room from the Mayor. Jump down into the gap (just to fill the area) and climb back and continue your normal course. When you drop down be careful of Bug Bombs! Keep going until you reach a rather big clear area. You'll notice a

########
Rank: 6
Score: 37.84142
Retrieved Text: In this experiment, we will see the power of frost heave by creating a rock glacier right in your refrigerator! In nature, rock glaciers are created in very cold and cyclical melting and freezing environments. Frost heave pushes rock and other sediment that might be in ice to the surface while allowing for water to seep into the ground and freeze during nighttime or prolonged cold temperatures. We can recreate this environment with simple elements in our yard and kitchen. We will see through this experiment frost heave in action and create a mini version of a rock glacier right in our kitchen!
Place enough rocks in the Tupper ware to fill the container about ½ way with rocks. Make sure you do not put too many rocks in the container.
Pour water over the rocks and fill the Tupper ware container with water, to about ¾ full, or just enough to cover the rocks. You may put a lid on the container, but it is not necessary. Mark the water level on the outside of the container with a marker pen or with masking tape. Next place the container (now with rocks and water) in the freezer.
Q1: Guess at what might happen to the rocks and to the water when it freezes?
Q2: Guess at what will happen with the water level after everything freezes?
Allow the mix to fully freeze either over night or for at least for several hours until the ice inside is very solidly frozen. You should see rocks and ice mixed up, with some

########
Rank: 7
Score: 37.762924
Retrieved Text: There, the basalt is crushed and loaded into a stone melting furnace where it's melted at temperatures of 1,400 Celcius for six hours. The molten rock is further processed by being drawn through platinum bushings – or tiny nozzles.
cast basalt stone melting furnace manufactures in all over word. cast basalt stone melting furnace manufactures in all over word . Stone Crusher Machine From China Read More. brick manufacturing process by german technology pdf . all over the world for production of Direct Reduced Iron Glass Melting Technology - SORG.
A Short Review on Basalt Fiber, rock into the melt furnace. As basalt stone is procured from nature, basalt fiber manufacturers have less direct control over the purity and consistency of the raw ... Go to Product Center. crushing and melting rock, melting furnaces basalt rock - Quarrying Crusher Plant .
Basalt Fiber Melting Furnace, Find Complete Details about Basalt Fiber Melting Furnace,Basalt Fiber Melting Furnace,Gold Melting Furnace,Water Production Line from Industrial Furnace Supplier or Manufacturer-Huabin General Machinery & Equipment Import & Export Co., Ltd.
The opaque basalt absorbs infrared energy and therefore it is more difficult for gas burners used in conventional furnaces to uniformly heat the entire basalt mix. Consequently the melting basalt must be held in the furnace for extended periods of time to ensure a homogenous temperature.
manufacturer basalt melting furnace Grinding Mill . burners for basalt melting furnace India Manufacturer and Dissolve-melt the basalt into flux in the melting furnace Durawear Corporation Poland cotton plant a total of 12 basalt melting furnace . Get More Info.
The

########
Rank: 8
Score: 37.681587
Retrieved Text: Glacier changes are among the most visible indications of the effects of climate change. Glaciers are particularly sensitive to changes in the global climate because their surface temperature is close to the freezing/melting point (Zemp et al., 2006). Glacier fluctuations showed a strong relation to air temperature throughout the 20th century (Greene, 2005). Therefore the change in the mass balance of glaciers is considered to be an immediate signal of global warming trends. A negative mass balance indicates that the loss of ice, mainly from melting and calving in summer, is larger than the accumulation from snowfall in winter.
Glaciers are an important freshwater resource and act as 'water towers' for lower-lying regions. In the coming decades, we can first expect more melt water from the glaciers running into rivers. As the glaciers diminish, however, the annual melt water, and therefore their contribution to river flow and sea-level rise, will decrease. This will have serious consequences for freshwater supply, river navigation, ecosystems fed by water from rivers, irrigation facilities, and power generation. Furthermore, the solute release from melting rock-glaciers may affect the water quality of high mountain lakes adversely by the intrusion of heavy metals (Thies et al., 2007).
Strong retreat of glaciers can cause instabilities resulting in hazardous incidents such as glacier lake outbursts, rock-ice avalanches and landslides (Pralong and Funk, 2005; Huggel et al., 2007). This may cause damage to infrastructure. Glacier retreat affects tourism and winter sports in the mountains (OECD, 2007) and changes the appearance of mountain landscapes.
Improved glacier monitoring, and adaptation options such

########
Rank: 9
Score: 37.548733
Retrieved Text: How to Melt Ice Fast and Naturally. As winter closes in and the temperature drops into the single digits for some people, it is time to start thinking about ice control. While keeping your windshield clean . Winter is here and of course that means snow and ice are here too! Here are ways to melt windshield ice fast so you can tackle that ice without worry! Those who use salt to melt ice during the winter know that is an effective way cubes fastpouring hot water on.
Clearing ice and snow is so much easier with HotRocks, Highest purity calcium chloride pellets are the fastest. Rock salt is generally used to melt winter ice and snow, but most salts can do the job. Cooking salt, table salt, non-sodium salt, kosher salt and sea salt contain sodium chloride.
The most common way to melt ice is to simply raise the temperature above the freezing point. However, this method is not always practical. When achieving high temperatures is not possible, consider other ways to coax ice into melting.
Bleach is reported to work the fastest when poured onto ice. Do you sometimes dump ice cubes into a drink to help keep cool on a hot summer day? Have you ever watched the ice cubes melt and wondered how you could make them melt more slowly—or even faster ? In this science activity you will get to try some different, common household substances to try and . A gratis product from the fireplace, wood ash contains potash – or potassium salts

########
Rank: 10
Score: 37.547985
Retrieved Text: Intra-molecular hold the molecule together, like the C-C bonds in sugar or the H-O bonds within the water molecule. These are very strong. However, the strength of the intra-molecular bond has nothing to do with that of the intermolecular interaction (the thing holding the water molecules together in your glass). Intermolecular forces will determine things like the melting point and boiling point. The greater the intermolecular forces, the higher the melting and boiling points.
This is important...meaning I’m going to ask about it: Ionic crystals are different from covalent solids, in general. In an ionic compound, the inter-ionic forces also hold the crystal together. So, for ionic solids, the lattice energy does correlate with melting point, etc.
•	melting points and boiling points are generally lower for covalent compounds than for ionic solids...because the intermolecular forces are weak.
We are only dealing with a limited number of these: Dipole with another dipole; dipole with an ion (practically the same thing); Hydrogen bonds (a special form of dipole-dipole) and dispersion forces. So, really there are only two things: dipole-based forces and dispersion forces. Dispersion forces are temporary dipoles induced either by dipoles, ions, or just random fluctuations. So, really, we are just dealing with one thing: dipoles.
To have a permanent dipole, you need two things: a polar bond; and an asymmetric geometry. Any time there is a difference in the electronegativity, there is a polar bond.
However, you need to do the Lewis structure complete with the bond angle estimates, to determine whether the charges balance out, or end up with electrons

########
Rank: 11
Score: 37.49302
Retrieved Text: As many studies that have been released to confirm the occurrence of climate change, there are still non believers. Well, their minds might have reason to change soon, although it certainly isn’t anything to celebrate.
About 98% of the continent of Antarctica is covered in what is referred to as an “ice sheet”. This sheet is almost five and a half million square miles and is many kilometers thick in some spots. The Western Antarctic Ice Sheet, unlike the Eastern Ice Sheet, is predominantly over water.
This ice sheet, according to two studies done by separate reliable sources, is about to collapse.
Both the NASA and The University of Washington have been studying the Western Antarctic Ice Sheet and have come to the same conclusion– collapse is imminent. It is happening, and there is nothing that can be done to stop it.
The researchers from the University of Washington focused on studying the topography and developed a computer model of how the collapse is to occur.
The NASA researchers studied the rate of glacier melt in other parts of western Antarctica to compare to the melting of the Ice Sheet.
The two studies together both concurred on the final conclusion that the Western Antarctic Ice Sheet is in fact collapsing, and at an alarming rate for such a large body of ice.
The melting of polar ice caps, large glaciers, and now this enormous ice sheet are all strong evidence supporting global climate change. Both studies concluded that the main driving factor for the melting and eventual collapse of the ice sheet is

########
Rank: 12
Score: 37.262672
Retrieved Text: A new study shows the East Antarctic Ice Sheet, once thought to be stable, may be melting faster than expected.
Antarctica’s melting ice, which has caused global sea levels to rise by at least 13.8 millimeters over the past 40 years, was long thought to come from primarily one place: the unstable West Antarctic Ice Sheet. Now, scientists studying 40 years of satellite images have found that the East Antarctic Ice Sheet—considered largely insulated from the ravages of climate change—may also be melting at an accelerating rate. Those results, at odds with a large 2018 study, could dramatically reshape projections of sea level rise if confirmed.
“If this paper is right, it changes the ball game for sea level rise in this century,” says Princeton University climate scientist Michael Oppenheimer, who was not involved in the new work. East Antarctica’s ice sheet holds 10 times the ice of its rapidly melting neighbor to the west.
The West Antarctic Ice Sheet, whose base is below sea level, has long been considered the most vulnerable to collapse. With an assist from gravity, a deep current of warm water slips beneath the sheet, melting it from below until it becomes a floating shelf at risk of breaking away. In contrast, frigid temperatures and a base mostly above sea level are thought to keep the East Antarctic Ice Sheet relatively safe from warm water intrusion. A collaboration of more than 60 scientists last year, published in Nature, estimated that the East Antarctic Ice Sheet actually added about 5 billion tons of ice each

########
Rank: 13
Score: 36.758327
Retrieved Text: In this note I seek to explain my theory on what would happen to the sea level if all the ice in the poles melted. My conclusion may surprise you, and it is the result of personal research and critical thinking.
Mainstream science will tell you that climate change is melting the polar ice caps, which would then raise the sea level substantially worldwide. This rise in sea level will apparently be the precursor for major tsunamis and massive tidal waves worldwide. Entire cities would be engulfed, and the world as we know it would be different geographically. Sound reasonable? Well, this completely ignores one basic and important property of water.
The key to my theory is that water in its solid form (ice) is more voluminous than water in its liquid form. When water freezes, it expands. The reverse is true when ice melts. To show that this is true, fill a beaker up to 75%. Put the beaker in the freezer long enough for some, but not all of the water to freeze. Depending on the size of the beaker, this can be from 30 minutes to a couple of hours. When you remove the beaker from the freezer, you should take note of the level of the water. It will be higher than 75%.
The reason the point was made about ice expanding is to show that when it melts, it will take up less space than it does when in solid form. This too, can be demonstrated with a simple experiment. Simply let the water

########
Rank: 14
Score: 36.658318
Retrieved Text: UK Heatwave: Are your car tyres melting?
Towards the end of June and the beginning of July 2018 the weather went from warm to scorching up and down the country in the blink of an eye. This has led to warnings of a possible hosepipe ban, warnings about taking dogs out in the sun and tragic fires starting. Although we all wish for a nice hot summer ever year it feels as though the summer of 2018 was perhaps a little too hot which has caught us all off guard.
During the heat people's driving experiences also change; we've recently covered how much fuel air con uses, people tend to drive a bit faster, traffic seems to happen more frequently and the brightness can sometimes be blinding. However, in today's blog the subject matter is your tyres and whether or not they can melt when the heat rises?
Are your tyres melting in the heat?
You may have noticed that the roads have started to become noticeably blacker as if tyres are melting on to them. This is especially true on bendy flat roads where the heat can take a hold a bit easier. But are they actually melting onto them? The short answer is that no - neither your tyres or anyone else's tyres aren't melting on to them - so what's making the roads go black?
As vulcanised rubber tyres get warmer they become softer, when they become softer they are more likely to lose bits of rubber when they make contact with the road and it's those bits

########
Rank: 15
Score: 36.47217
Retrieved Text: Miracles come in two main sizes: Supernatural and natural. Miracles of nature are no less miraculous, and call upon us to appreciate God.
Water responds like any other compound to changing temperatures, but an anomaly occurs in a narrow range around the melting point, and it's a change that makes a big difference. When you heat ice, the molecules gain kinetic energy, and the ice expands until it melts. But once all the ice has turned to water and the temperature starts rising again, expansion stops. Between 0-4C (32-40) the melted water actually contracts as the temperature rises. Beyond 4C, it starts to expand again. This phenomenon makes ice less dense than the water around it, which is the reason why ice floats.
At its melting point, water exhibits a characteristic shared by no other compound. Instead of continuing to expand in the liquid state, it contracts, and its density increases until it achieves a maximum at 4C.
If you reverse the temperature gradient and cool water to the freezing point, it starts expanding at 4C and continues to expand until it freezes.
So water behaves like no other compound. So what?
If water behaved like anything else, a lake would freeze solid during a cold winter. And all fish and other life forms in the lake would die.
But because of its unique anomaly, when the surface of the lake freezes, the ice does not sink to the bottom of the lake to expose more water to freeze but rather, the top layer of ice insulates the cold water below it

########
Rank: 16
Score: 36.197704
Retrieved Text: A new study finds that some of the biggest cities in the world will be submerged if we keep burning fossil fuels.
Carbon emissions will result in global warming which will result in rising sea levels which will swallow up some of the largest cities on the planet, a new study is warning.
London, New York, Tokyo, and Hong Kong will sleep with the fishes if the world burns all of the fossil fuel reserves that are currently available, a new study says as reported by The Independent.
The resulting carbon emissions from burning through coal, oil, and gas reserves would ramp up global warming to the point that almost all of the Antarctic ice sheet would melt and spill into the sea, causing sea levels to increase by 60 meters, which would flood areas that are currently populated by a billion people.
Scientists have so far focused on melting on the western part of the Antarctic ice sheet, but this study examines the consequences of the entire ice sheet melting should fossil fuel burning continue. The west is more advanced in melting than the east, but the eastern sheet could very well melt as well and it would contribute severely to the rise in sea levels.
Humanity may be able to handle losing the West Antarctic Ice Sheet, and in fact it may be too late, but if the east sheet is lost as well, it will jeopardize these major cities around the world, the researchers warned.
So what’s the solution? Scientists say there’s only one: stop burning through fossil fuels

########
Rank: 17
Score: 36.14405
Retrieved Text: The home galleries projects in Iasi, Cluj and Bucharest all have different backgrounds but what unites them is the willingness to put on shows even at times when gallery space in the respective cities is lacking. The purpose of these galleries is to create an underground melting pot of good shows spiced with dialogue and debate which would later on lead to a more elaborate contemporary art scene.
Ioana Nemes presented her Minigallery project on February 13th. It was the first show to travel to Cluj as a small parcel and it was later shown in Nita Mocanu’s homegallery. Stefan Cosma returned to 2020 on March 16 and then Mona Vatamanu and Florin Tudor showed The Palace / Persepolis video installation which will later travel to Cluj. For more details about their shows check our ‘past’ section of the site.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 36.133846
Retrieved Text: Near every doorstep has a bag of salt on it during the winter – at least in places where snow is the norm – for sprinkling over the steps and the walkway. Meanwhile, trucks drive along spreading salt over the roads. Brittanica says more than 20 million tonnes of ice are used to melt snow and ice every year. https://www.britannica.com/story/why-does-salt-melt-ice. Zero degrees Celsius is 32 degrees Fahrenheit and it is the freezing point for water H20, turning to ice. The ice molecules and water molecules are interacting when there is a thin layer of water on top of the ice. Some of the ice is freezing the water, and some of the water is melting the ice.
When a foreign substance like sand or ionic compound salt is added to ice, the water molecules cannot attach to make ice as fast when the temperature is zero degrees. This gives time for the existing ice to melt, providing time for the existing ice to melt, after raising the temperature just slightly. It causes what is called the “freezing point depression”. Kissner says, “Salt is the primary component in most of today’s ice melter products. Rock Salt, Calcium Chloride, Magnesium Chloride, and Potassium Chloride all contain a considerable amount of salt in them.” http://www.kissner.com/why-does-salt-melt-ice/. The salt makes it harder for the water molecules to bond together. Even though NaCl, regular table salt, will melt the ice, cities use Calcium Chloride CaCl2 a different type of salt, on roads because it can break down into three ions, more than table

########
Rank: 19
Score: 36.13014
Retrieved Text: I have a test tomorrow in chemistry and i really want to do well. This is one of our problems on our review sheet. Someone please help me find percent error? Marissa determined the melting poin of a substance to be 24.5 degrees Celsius. Find the percent error of her her measurement if the actual melting point is... show more I have a test tomorrow in chemistry and i really want to do well. This is one of our problems on our review sheet. Someone please help me find percent error? Marissa determined the melting poin of a substance to be 24.5 degrees Celsius. Find the percent error of her her measurement if the actual melting point is 31.2 degrees celsius. Please help? I'm really confused.
Best Answer: Okay this is fine.
take 31.2-24.5 (actual minus thought to be count).
you get 6.7 now take 6.7 and divide it by 31.2 and you get an answer now multiply by 100 and that is your error percentage.
Help me calculate percent error for Chemistry?
How to calculate percent error for my chemistry lab?
In chemistry is the percent error calculated in significant digits?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 36.02537
Retrieved Text: An iceberg floats near Nuuk in southwestern Greenland on Aug. 1, 2017.
Glacial ice on Greenland's coasts is calving into the sea, but that's just the tip of the iceberg, so to speak. By 2012, ice loss on Greenland's massive ice sheet had accelerated to a rate nearly four times what it was in 2003, and it may have now reached a "tipping point," according to research led by Michael Bevis of Ohio State University.
Focusing on Greenland's southwest—an area "not generally considered" a key source of ice loss, per the New York Times—the study finds more than 400 billion tons of ice was lost in 2012 (a stretch defined by what the Times calls "greatly accelerated melting"), followed by a yearlong pause in melting.
Scientists attribute this to a recurring weather cycle known as the North Atlantic Oscillation, which brings warmer air, more sunlight, and less snowfall to west Greenland in the negative phase.
Ice loss paused with a shift into the positive phase.
Until 2000, the North Atlantic Oscillation wasn't thought to have much of an impact on Greenland's rate of ice loss.
But "if a relatively minor cycle can cause massive melting ... it means you've reached a point of amazing sensitivity" to warmer temperatures, says Bevis. As average temperatures continue to climb, "large amounts of ice mass are going to leave as meltwater, as rivers that flow into the sea," he says in a release on the study in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
"It's too late for there to be no effect. This is going

########
Rank: 21
Score: 36.00022
Retrieved Text: Manufacturer & distributor of ice & snow melting chemicals including coated ice melt & liquid ice melt. Coated ice melt & liquid ice melt available in operating temperatures up to minus 20 degrees F & cutting accumulation of snow by 2 in. Liquid ice melt available in 5 gal. pails & 3 gal. backpack sprayers.
Winter road maintenance | Road maintenace | Ingconsult Ltd.
more information Snow-melting Agent Spreader YDSP0808/ YDSP1510 The snow-melting agent spreaders YDSP0808 and YDSP1510 are used to spread the snow-melting agents like sand, salt and calcium chloride solutions to remove the snow cover and ice and keep the traffic flow and to reduce the risk of accidents in the weather of heavy snow storm.
2018-7-25 · YDSP1510L Sand and Salt Spreader Truck Inquiry Form Gaoyuan sand spreader is a machine that helps melt snow by spreading the snow-melting agents like sand, salt and calcium chloride solutions, thus keeping traffic flowing and the roads clear.
Cutting Edge® Pro PowerMelt + is a proprietary formula made from a three-way blend of sodium chloride crystals infused with calcium chloride and potassium chloride, creating an ice melt solution that is safer for people, property and pets that melts at up to -12 degrees Fahrenheit.
Product Center - REED ROAD INC.
2018-7-25 · Our sand spreader is a machine that helps melt snow by spreading snow-melting agents like sand, salt and calcium chloride solution, thus keeping traffic flowing and road clear. It is applied to snow removal work of high-level road, urban road, square and road in airport and scenery spot.
Bulk Rock Salt

########
Rank: 22
Score: 35.545353
Retrieved Text: "Magmatic" redirects here. For other uses, see Magma (disambiguation).
Lava flow on Hawaii. Lava is the extrusive equivalent of magma.
Magma (from Ancient Greek μάγμα (mágma) meaning "thick unguent") is the molten or semi-molten natural material from which all igneous rocks are formed. Magma is found beneath the surface of the Earth, and evidence of magmatism has also been discovered on other terrestrial planets and some natural satellites. Besides molten rock, magma may also contain suspended crystals and gas bubbles. Magma is produced by melting of the mantle and/or the crust at various tectonic settings, including subduction zones, continental rift zones, mid-ocean ridges and hotspots. Mantle and crustal melts migrate upwards through the crust where they are thought to be stored in magma chambers or trans-crustal crystal-rich mush zones. During their storage in the crust, magma compositions may be modified by fractional crystallization, contamination with crustal melts, magma mixing, and degassing. Following their ascent through the crust, magmas may feed a volcano or solidify underground to form an intrusion (e.g., an igneous dike or a sill). While the study of magma has historically relied on observing magma in the form of lava flows, magma has been encountered in situ three times during geothermal drilling projects—twice in Iceland (see Magma usage for energy production), and once in Hawaii.
Most magmatic liquids are rich in silica. Silicate melts are composed mainly of silicon, oxygen, aluminium, iron, magnesium, calcium, sodium, and potassium. The physical behaviours of melts depend upon their atomic structures as well as upon temperature and pressure and composition.
Viscosity is

########
Rank: 23
Score: 35.51557
Retrieved Text: Definition - What does Refractory Metals mean?
Refractory metals refer to a class of substances with good electrical and thermal conductivity that possess a very high melting point of greater than 2000°C (3632°F). They are strongly resistant to wear, deformation and corrosion.
With their extremely high melting points, these metals can withstand creep deformation when subjected to extremely high temperatures. Refractory metals are commonly used in metallurgy, material science and engineering.
These elements possess similar electronic structures to one another - characterized by transition elements with incomplete D sub-shells on the subatomic microscopic level.
The high melting point of these metals make them uniquely equipped with strength, hardness, resistance to corrosion, resistance to heat and minimal reactivity with water. The above listed metals are used to fabricate tools, casting molds, wire filaments and nuclear reaction control rods. Due to their high melting point, they are never fabricated by casting but rather by powder metallurgy.
Molybdenum, tantalum and tungsten have higher melting points and can be useful in glass making and the processing of molten metals. Tungsten also has outstanding strength.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 35.49247
Retrieved Text: No more melted chocolate fiascos! With the Wilton Chocolate Pro? Electric Chocolate Melter and its two settings (melt and warm), you can both melt your chocolate and then keep it warm while you're making your dipped or drizzled treats in one convenient pot.The Chocolate Pro makes it easy to make dipped treats, one-of-a-kind candies and much more. The removeable non-stick pot melts up to 2 1⁄2 cups of chocolate so you're able to make as many sweet treats as you want. The melting base stays cool to the touch and the non-skid feet keep the Chocolate Melter from shifting ? two great safety features that make this product family friendly! Some people choose to use the Wilton Chocolate Pro electric melting pot for party-friendly candy fondue. Others opt to use it as their go-to melter for making candies, dipping cake pops, or so many more candy kitchen uses. Melting Wilton Candy Melts candies takes 10 minutes or less, so if you love making molded candies, buy a few Electric Chocolate Melters and melt different colors of Candy Melts in each for quick and easy candy making. No matter what candy project you used it for, clean up is easy since the non-stick coating keeps candy from sticking and the remaining melted candy pours easily out of the spout.
Dipped strawberries combine the appeal of fresh fruit with the sweetness allure of candy. For best results, make sure your berries are totally dry (any water will cause candy to thicken).
Plant some pops in a flowerpot that you personalize

########
Rank: 25
Score: 35.44344
Retrieved Text: Lawton, Rebekah 2016. Modelling subduction zone magmatism. PhD Thesis, Cardiff University.
Subduction zone magmatism is a well studied area due to dangerous consequences of volcanic activity at subduction zones. Whilst it is widely accepted that water leaving the slab causes the magmatism, the method in which the water leaves the slab and causes magmatism is unclear. In this thesis we will examine the hypothesis that water leaving the slab via a large hydraulic fracture will cause instantaneous ‘flash’ melting in the mantle wedge. We will test whether this flash melting occurs and whether it produces sufficient melting. We will also look at hydrous flux melting and hydrous decompression melting occuring after the initial flash melting to see if they increase the melting. A thermal model for a subduction zone is built, with the wedge flow solved analytically, to provide the temperature input for the melting models. Four melting models were tested; flash melting, flash melting followed by hydrous flux melting, flash melting followed by hydrous decompression melting and flash melting, then hydrous flux melting followed by hydrous decompression melting. Another thermal model was also made with the wedge flow solved numerically, this allowed buoyancy to be added into the model to allow investigation into the magma migrating buoyantly. We show that the flash melting model does produce flash melting from large hydraulic fractures but the melting produced is not sufficient compared to observations from volcanic arcs. The flash melting followed by hydrous flux melting model also did not produce sufficient melting however the two decompression melting cases

########
Rank: 26
Score: 35.41073
Retrieved Text: Let’s start your Monday morning off with a triple-snort.
It was ratings sweeps week last week and NBC’s Today Show decided to dispatch its celebrity journalists to all the corners of the Earth to show us that the planet’s melting and it’s all our fault.
Ann Curry must have drawn the short straw because NBC decided to send the 52-year-old Today Show anchor — an inexperienced climber with less than three weeks to prepare — to race to the top of Mount Kilimanjaro in time for a dramatic, end-of-the-week ascent. Why Kilimanjaro? It’s the pet cause of Al Gore and his alarmist acolytes who blame humans for purportedly retreating snow caps there. The inconvenient truth is, as University of Washington climate scientist Philip Mote, put it: “Kilimanjaro is a grossly overused mis-example of the effects of climate change.” But that wouldn’t have reeled in sensationalism-seeking viewers for sweeps week.
“This is like climbing a Stairmaster for six hours a day with 20 pounds on your back,” Curry said in a telephone interview from her tent following Saturday’s climb.
The exhausted NBC crew failed to summit and instead turned back with their 100 local tribal porters (nice of them to help the local economy, though those fired NBC/Weather Channel employees might question the expenditures).
So a TV anchor and her crew may have risked severe injury and perhaps death to take pictures of mountain peaks readily available on-line, including here here here and here to confirm the established conclusions of qualified scientists. And for what? The straw man tactic of suggesting proof

########
Rank: 27
Score: 35.329426
Retrieved Text: Looking for facts on melting glaciers?
According to Taylor RG, Mileham L, Tindimugaya C, Majugu A, Muwanga A and Nakileza B (2006) in “Recent glacial recession in the Rwenzori Mountains of East Africa due to rising air temperature”, the increased atmospheric temperature from global warming is the main factor for the melting of glaciers.
Global warming is the rise in average global temperature, and this increase in temperature has been taking place over the past century. In turn, global warming is tightly linked to the rapid industrial growth over the past century, where the use of fossil fuels in industries, offices and homes became rampant and the release of green house gasses like carbon dioxide became excessive and beyond what our remaining forests can absorb. The increased level of green house gases in turn leads to more heat trapped in the earth’s atmosphere, resulting in overall warmer temperatures. This increase in global temperature is the biggest cause of melting glaciers.
According to Wikipedia, the albedo (a measure of the reflective ability of a surface) of snow is about 0.8 to 0.9. This means that snow-covered glaciers can reflect back about 80% to 90% of the energy from the sun’s rays. So when ice on glaciers melts, the reflective properties of the glaciers are lost. The earth beneath the ice sheets gets uncovered. The glacier then absorbs more heat, which in turn causes more of its ice sheets to melt away. The result is reduced glacier mass.
Another less major cause of melting glaciers is the accumulation of dust, especially from

########
Rank: 28
Score: 35.2211
Retrieved Text: These Spa Massage Candles have been carefully blended using only pure essential oils and natural plant waxes including Jojoba and Coconut oil which adds a tactile and luxury feel to this warm wax massage.
How to use: It is important for your pleasure and safety that you read these instructions carefully. Firstly don't worry that the wax will burn you. This special natural wax blend has a very low melting point, it will melt at around 45C which is like warm bath water. Light the candle and allow to burn for ten minutes or until a pool of wax forms.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 35.07703
Retrieved Text: melting and pouring iron we melt iron using large cupola and electric furnaces at temperatures ranging from 2,600 to 2,800 degrees fahrenheit. computerized systems monitor temperature constantly while the iron melts.
by switching to two induction furnaces melting 6 tons per hour, the plant has more flexibility. "we can start and stop, go to two shifts, or use overtime," leonard said. "we didn't increase our per hour capacity, but we increased our availability and the quality of our iron."
good quality electric furnace, induction melting furnace, induction furnace manufacturer / supplier in china, offering steel plant metal melting furnace, shot blasting machine for h beam, dustless blasting machine/wet sand blasting /water blasting machine and so on.
» sand crasher for sale in punjab antimony ore melting plant for sale laos mining equipment for sale copper ore processing plant. iron ore used melting iron in punjab raw materials and goods punjab > iron india > iron punjab.
melting iron scrap & melting iron scrap online wholesalers melting iron scrap from 1417 list of china melting iron scrap manufacturers.
· cgm crushing plant portable rock crusher in india. making machine artificial sand portable china crusher and sand making machine artificial sand making machine china, was founded in 2002 in the manufacture of crushing equipment, sand making vsi sand making machine adopts advanced sand machine for sale in india jwalahospital.innew & used sand .
mineral ore beneficiation plant & machines mineral processing . manufacturer of mineral ore beneficiation plant & machines mineral beneficiation of china clay ( kaolin), ball clay (plastic clay), bentonite, talc, calcium

================



======= Instance Index 10 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are many options or few options ):

A: The more carbon atoms there are, the greater the number of possible arrangements of carbon atoms.


When there are fewer carbon atoms in something there are many options or few options?

Target Text: few options

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 33.342457
Retrieved Text: Purdue University researchers have developed a hydrogenation process that could solidify soybean oil for food processing without creating trans fats, which have been linked to heart disease and stroke.
Trans fat is the common name for a type of unsaturated fat with trans-isomer fatty acid(s). Trans fats may be monounsaturated or polyunsaturated but never saturated.
Unsaturated fat is a fat molecule, containing one or more double bonds between the carbon atoms. Since the carbons are double-bonded to each other, there are fewer bonds available for hydrogen, so there are fewer hydrogen atoms, hence "unsaturated". Cis and trans are terms that refer to the arrangement of chains of carbon atoms across the double bond. In the cis arrangement, the chains are on the same side of the double bond, resulting in a kinked geometry. In the trans arrangement, the chains are on opposite sides of the double bond, and the chain is straight overall.
The process of hydrogenation is intended to add hydrogen atoms to cis-unsaturated fats, eliminating a double bond and making them more saturated. These saturated fats have a higher melting point, which makes them attractive for baking and extends their shelf-life. However, the process frequently has a side effect that turns some cis-isomers into trans-unsaturated fats instead of hydrogenating them completely.
There is another class of trans fats, vaccenic acid, which occurs naturally in trace amounts in meat and dairy products from ruminants.
Unlike other dietary fats, trans fats are not essential, and they do not promote good health. The consumption of trans fats increases one's risk of coronary

########
Rank: 1
Score: 31.120213
Retrieved Text: Crude oil, as it is taken from the earth, is a very complex mixture of hydrocarbons.
As might be expected, the term hydrocarbon refers to the hydrogen and carbon atoms linked together and forming a majority of the individual molecules that are present. Having been transformed from living organisms being subject to heat and pressure over millions of years, the crude is termed to be an “organic” material. In addition to hydrogen and carbon, there are small amounts of other atomic elements that are present and mostly incorporated into the hydrocarbon molecules. The most common of these are nitrogen and sulfur. As part of the hydrocarbon, they are referred to as “hetero-” atoms. Heavier crude may also contain some inorganic materials such as nickel, vanadium, and iron, which are removed during refining.
Hydrocarbons form in an extraordinarily large number of configurations. They range in size from the simplest methane molecule, which contains one carbon atom and four hydrogens, to heavy asphaltic resins with structures that have not been fully mapped. Because we are dealing with mineral oil–based lubricants, we are interested in molecules of a size that fit into the range of approximately 15 to 95 carbon atoms long, corresponding roughly to a boiling range of about 300–700°C. In addition, as the number of carbon atoms in a molecule increase, the number of different ways that a molecule can be structured increases dramatically. Although many different arrangements of molecules may be imagined, for practical purposes, petroleum hydrocarbons are generally classified in a limited number of ways.
Consider the list

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.943228
Retrieved Text: What are fats and fatty acids?
Fats are a group of chemical compounds that contain fatty acids. Energy is stored in the body mostly in the form of fat. Fat is also needed in the diet to supply essential fatty acids that are substances essential for growth but not produced by the body itself. The terms fat and fatty acids are frequently used interchangeably.
What are the main types of fatty acids?
There are three main types of fatty acids: saturated, monounsaturated and polyunsaturated. All fatty acids are chains of carbon atoms with hydrogen atoms attached to the carbon atoms.
A saturated fatty acid has the maximum possible number of hydrogen atoms attached to every carbon atom. It is therefore said to be "saturated" with hydrogen atoms, and all of the carbons are attached to each other with single bonds.
In some fatty acids, a pair of hydrogen atoms in the middle of a chain is missing, creating a gap that leaves two carbon atoms connected by a double bond rather than a single bond. Because the chain has fewer hydrogen atoms, it is said to be "unsaturated." A fatty acid with one double bond is called "monounsaturated" because it has one gap. Fatty acids having more than one gap are called "polyunsaturated."
The fat in foods contains a mixture of saturated, monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids. In foods of animal origin, a large proportion of fatty acids are saturated. In contrast, in foods of plant origin and some seafood, a large proportion of the fatty acids are monounsaturated and polyunsaturated. The

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.800941
Retrieved Text: Electron dot structures, also called Lewis structures, are a graphical representation of the way electrons are distributed throughout a compound. Each element's chemical symbol is surrounded by lines, representing bonds, and dots, representing non-bonded electrons. When drawing an electron structure, your goal is to make each element's valence, or outer electron shell, as full as possible, without going over the maximum number of electrons for that shell.
Determine each element in the structure by looking at its chemical formula. For example, carbon dioxide's formula is CO2. Therefore it has one carbon atom and two oxygen atoms.
Look up each element on the Periodic Table. Note each group, or column number. This reflects how many valence electrons the element has. For instance, carbon is in group 4A and oxygen is in group 6A; therefore carbon has four valence electrons and oxygen has six.
Add the valence electrons of all the elements. This is the total number of electrons available for the dot structure. Since 4 + 6 + 6 = 16, there will be 16 electrons in carbon dioxide's Lewis structure.
Determine which element is the least electronegative, or has the weakest pull on the electrons, by looking on an electronegativity chart or by examining the element's position relative to the other elements on the Periodic Table. Elements generally increase in electronegativity from left to right and from bottom to top. Carbon is the least electronegative element in the compound, with a value of 2.5.
Place the least electronegative element in the center of the structure, then surround it with the other

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.95708
Retrieved Text: The type of saturated fats we eat can affect our risk of a heart attack, according to a study published in the International Journal of Cardiology. People whose diets contain relatively little palmitic and stearic acid - saturated fats composed of 16 or more carbon atoms (longer-chain saturated fats) that are typically found in meats - and eat plant-based proteins instead have decreased chances of myocardial infarction. Moreover, individuals who eat more saturated fats with 14 or fewer carbon atoms (shorter-chain saturated fats) that are typically found in dairy products have lower risk of myocardial infarction.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 29.672886
Retrieved Text: Public Domain Image, source: SOHO/ESA/NASA.
The sun does not run out of oxygen for the simple fact that it does not use oxygen to burn. The burning of the sun is not chemical combustion it is nuclear fusion. Don't think of the sun as a giant campfire. It is more like a giant hydrogen bomb.
In standard carbon combustion, carbon atoms in the fuel move up close to oxygen atoms in the air and bond together to make carbon dioxide and carbon monoxide. At the same time, hydrogen atoms in the fuel bond with oxygen atoms to make water molecules. There are often other chemical reactions occurring in a carbon-based fire, but the combustion of carbon and hydrogen atoms are the main ones. This combustion releases energy which we experience as the heat and light given off by the flame. Most of the fires that we see in everyday life are carbon combustion: campfires, oven flames, candle flames, barbecue grills, forest fires, gas furnaces, gasoline burning in engines, etc. The key to remember is that carbon combustion requires oxygen. As soon as there is no oxygen left, carbon combustion stops.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 29.393707
Retrieved Text: This is also known as carbon tetrachloride.
figure out the number of valence electrons.
So carbon has four valence electrons.
There are four chlorines, each with seven valence electrons for a total of 28.
When I add that to the four from the carbon I get 32 electrons.
has a lower electro-negativity than chlorine.
And put single bonds to all my chlorine atoms.
Now, I can go through and fill in the octets on all my chlorine atoms.
or I filled the octets for all these terminal atoms whichever comes first.
and it's taken me 32 electrons between the bonding and non-bonding electrons.
So I've used up all the electrons that I had to start with.
I see that all of my atoms have an octet.
and carbon has eight electrons around it.
this is a perfectly reasonable Lewis structure.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 29.380274
Retrieved Text: Chapter L3 Section 4 Organic Compounds The Four Bonds of a Carbon Atom More than 90% of all compounds belong to a group called organic compounds. Organic compounds are covalent compounds composed of carbon-based molecules. Fuel, rubbing alcohol, sugar, cotton, paper and plastic belong to this group. All organic compounds contain carbon. Each carbon atom has four valence electrons so each carbon atom can make four bonds with four other atoms.
Section 4 Organic Compounds The Four Bonds of a Carbon Atom, continued Carbon Backbones Structural formulas are models that are used to show how atoms in a molecule are connected. Each line represents a pair of electrons that form a covalent bond.
Section 4 Organic Compounds The Four Bonds of a Carbon Atom, continued Many organic compounds are based on the types of carbon backbones shown below. Some compounds have hundreds or thousands of carbon atoms as part of their backbone.
Section 4 Organic Compounds The Four Bonds of a Carbon Atom, continued Organic compounds may also contain hydrogen, oxygen, sulfur, nitrogen, and phosphorus. The next slide shows three models of carbon backbones.
Section 4 Organic Compounds Hydrocarbons and Other Organic Compounds Many organic compounds contain several kinds of atoms, but some contain only two. Organic compounds that contain only carbon and hydrogen are called hydrocarbons. There are three types of hydrocarbons: saturated hydrocarbons, unsaturated hydrocarbons, and aromatic hydrocarbons.
Chapter L3 Section 4 Organic Compounds Hydrocarbons, continued Saturated Hydrocarbons An alkane, or saturated hydrocarbon, is a hydrocarbon in which each carbon atom in the molecule shares a single bond with

########
Rank: 8
Score: 29.253162
Retrieved Text: Let’s say for a moment that I really hate ducks. Seriously, ducks killed my parents and burned my childhood home down and I can’t stand them. And, for whatever reason, my neighbor across the way filled my house with ducks because she can’t stand me.
I tried to explain that I was standing on MY lawn, but that didn’t seem to make a difference.
At time = 0 (the moment I get home and start freaking out), the duck population is 120.
At time = 1 hour, the duck population is 60.
At time = 2 hours, the duck population is 30.
At time = 3 hours, the duck population is 15.
At time = 5 hours, the duck population is 4.
At time = 6 hours, the duck population is 2.
At time = 7 hours, the duck population is 1.
At time = 8 hours, there’s a 50% chance I’ll kill a duck each hour and there won’t be any.
The half-life of a process is the amount of time it takes for the process to finish halfway.
In the case above, the half-life of a duck is 1 hour because half the ducks would be dead in 1 hour. The half life a chemical reaction is the amount of time it takes to get half-finished. And, yes, the amount of time it takes for a radioisotope of some element to decay into smaller bits is called its half-life.
Half-lives represent statistical processes. If I have 120 ducks in my living room, 60 will be dead in an hour. I don’t have any idea which 60

########
Rank: 9
Score: 29.181658
Retrieved Text: Beta-oxidation of saturated fatty acyl CoA contain ODD # of carbon atoms the majority of natural lipids contain even #s of carbon atoms when there is a odd number we end up with 1 molecule of propionyl CoA --->succinyl-CoA ==> TCA... Fatty acid synthesis occurs similarly to Beta-oxidation – acetyl groups are added to a growing chain, but the mechanism of the pathway is distinctly different from being simply the reverse of Beta-oxidation.
What are the differences between fatty acid synthesis and beta-oxidation? The two processes are superficially the reverse of one another. There are, however, several important differences, allowing for differential control, with one process inhibited while the other is stimulated... 15/11/1989 · Abstract. The mitochondrial beta-oxidation of octa-2,4,6-trienoic acid was studied with the aim of elucidating the degradation of unsaturated fatty acids with conjugated double bonds.
• Oxidation of odd chain fatty acids is similar to that of even chain fatty acids. • At the end 3 carbon unit, propionyl CoA is produced. • Propionyl CoA is converted into succinyl CoA. • Succinyl CoA is an intermediate in TCA cycle • So, propionyl CoA is gluconeogenic.
Unsaturated and Odd-Chain Fatty Acids Require Additional Steps for Degradation . Most fatty acids have an even number of carbon atoms due to the process by which they were synthesized, thus the beta-oxidation pathway can successfully complete the degradation of these molecules.
Beta Oxidation of Fatty Acid: The degradation of fatty acid proceeds step wise by series of reactions which remove 2 carbon atoms at a time from the carboxyl end of

########
Rank: 10
Score: 28.89962
Retrieved Text: Occurs when a substance is converted into one or more new substances that have different formulas and different properties.
4. heat (or a flame) produces or heat absorbed.
-the formulas of the reactants are written on the left of the arrow and the formulas of the products on the right.
When a chemical reaction takes place, the bonds between the atoms of the reactants are broken and new bonds are formed to give the products.
all atoms are conserved which means that atoms cannot be gained, lost, or changed into other types of atoms during a chemical reaction.
every chemical reactions must be written as a balanced equation, which shows the same number of atoms for each element in the reactants as well as in the products.
in the balanced equation, there are whole numbers called coefficients in front of the formulas.
matter cannot be created or destroyed during a chemical reaction.
the chemical reaction of methane, CH4, and oxygen gas, O2, produces carbon dioxide (CO2) and water (H2O). write the balanced equation.
liquid pentene (C5H10) burns in oxygen gas to form carbon dioxide gas and water vapor.
In the body, the amino acid alanine C3H7NO2 (aq) reacts with O2 gas to produce gaseous carbon dioxide, liquid water, and urea, CH4N2O (aq). write the balanced equation.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.820074
Retrieved Text: Carbon is an unusual element. Its atoms can join directly together to form huge molecules consisting of long chains and other structures.
As my high school science teacher said, "carbon atoms are four-armed things." When linked together in a chain, they have two spare "arms," which they can use to grab onto other sorts of atom, such as hydrogen, oxygen, phosphorus, nitrogen etc., or to other carbon atoms.
In cosmic clouds and other places, chains of up to half a dozen or so carbon atoms can come together, forming chemicals such as amino acids, the building blocks of life.
However, the only place other than the laboratory or plastic manufacturer where we find molecules containing tens, hundreds or thousands of carbon atoms joined directly together is in living things.
This is why we refer to the chemistry of all but the simplest carbon-based molecules as organic chemistry.
Organic means, "to do with life." This provides us with a powerful tool in our search for life. If we find complex carbon molecules (CCMs), living things had something to do with it, either now or in the past.
For example, coal and oil are loaded with CCMs, because they formed, millions of years ago, from buried plant remains. If we take a sample of seawater from any of our oceans, we will find CCMs.
They could be from the decay of dead things, skins or scales moulted off, by-products of life processes, or small creatures unlucky enough to get caught up in the sample.
We are pretty sure life got started in Earth's oceans. For most

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.801945
Retrieved Text: ❶Molar mass is a unit that enables scientists to calculate the weight of any chemical substance, be it an element or a compound. In twelve grams of this substance we can find up to 6.
Because there are two atoms of hydrogen, multiply 1. Therefore, the resulting amounts are Add the resulting molar mass for each element together to find the total molar mass of the chemical compound. In the example using water, you would add the molar mass of oxygen Write everything down in an organized fashion to ensure you don't make mistakes.
Don't try to figure out molar mass in your head, or you are likely to make an error. Be careful when calculating compounds that have dual subscripts. For example, if you have PO4 2, you would be calculating two atoms of phosphorus and eight atoms of oxygen. Based in Dayton, Ohio, Sari Hardyal has been writing fitness, sports, entertainment and health-related articles for more than five years.
Hardyal holds a Bachelor of Science in mass communication from Miami University and is pursuing her master's degree in occupational therapy and her doctorate in physical therapy. She is a certified personal trainer with the National Federation of Professional Trainers. Tip Write everything down in an organized fashion to ensure you don't make mistakes.
Warning Be careful when calculating compounds that have dual subscripts. References University of Memphis: Stoichiometry Tutorial - Finding Molar Mass. How to Calculate Molar Mass. Depending on which text editor you're pasting into, you might have to add the italics to the site name. What

########
Rank: 13
Score: 28.779911
Retrieved Text: Hydrogen bonds are the key to sugar's stickiness.
It's easy to confuse white sugar and table salt — we've certainly baked a horribly salty muffin or two in our day. But add a bit of water to these seemingly identical twins, and they're suddenly completely different animals. Both salt and sugar crystals start to dissolve in water, but sugar gets sticky and salt doesn't. Why is that?
Hydrogen bonds are the key to sugar's stickiness. Hanging out on its own, sugar is a solid, its molecules made of carbon, hydrogen and oxygen atoms. The crystals are intact and don't stick to one another — you can easily sift and pour sugar. But in the presence of a liquid, the formerly strong oxygen-hydrogen bonds in the sugar will start to break, and the loose hydrogen atoms will look for something else to stick to.
Some of the hydrogen atoms will stick to the closest surface, some will grab onto the hydrogen molecules in the liquid, and some will bond with another hydrogen or oxygen atom in the sugar. The result: a sticky mess. If you hold sugar in your hand, even a tiny amount of sweat can make things start to get sticky. Salt, on the other hand, is made of sodium and chlorine, so when it dissolves in water there's no hydrogen floating around to stick to anything.
But what about water? Its molecules are made partly of hydrogen, too — why doesn't it become sticky like sugar when combined with some other substance? It has to do with the

########
Rank: 14
Score: 28.647621
Retrieved Text: In excited carbon atom there are four half-filled orbitals available for bond formation resulting in the formation of four covalent bonds.
It should be noted, however, that the four half-filled valence orbitals are not equivalent, there being three p-orbitals and one s-orbital. As such the four bonds would not be equivalent, the bond using the s-orbital would be different from the three bonds using the p-orbital. Actually carbon forms many compounds such as carbon tetrachloride in which all the four bonds are equivalent. To account for the equivalence of the four bonds, it is assumed that the four available orbitals of carbon, the 2s and three 2p orbitals are mixed or hybridized in a manner as to result in four equivalent orbitals.
The phenomenon of intermixing of orbitals of the same atom having the slightly different energies to form new orbitals which have identical shapes and equivalent energies is known as hybridisation.
Carbon atom can undergo three types of hybridisation in its compounds.
Carbon in methane is sp3 hybridised Here, one orbital of 2s-sub-shell and three orbitals of 2p-sub-shell of excited carbon atom undergo hybridisation to form four sp’3 hybrid orbitals. The process involving promotion of 2s-electron followed by hybridisation is shown in Fig. 36.4.
The carbon atom lies at the centre of the tetrahedron while the four hydrogens occupy the four comers or vertices of tetrahedron as shown in Fig. 36.5.
In ethane molecule, both the carbon atoms are sp3 hybridised. The geometry around both the carbon atoms is tetrahedral as shown in Fig. 36.6. C-C bond length is 1.54 A

########
Rank: 15
Score: 28.6451
Retrieved Text: What Factors Affect the Stability of Carbocations?
The stability of carbocations is affected by neighboring carbon atoms, neighboring lone pairs and carbon-carbon multiple bonds. When a carbon atom forms a bond with three carbon atoms, it results in carbocation.
Carbocations have positive charge. As the number of positively charged carbon atoms decreases, the stability of the carbocation decreases. The number of carbon atoms in the carbocation is directly proportional to carbocation stability.
When a carbon atom comes close to a carbocation, the electrons are donated to the carbocation ion. As soon as the electron is donated to the positive ion, it becomes stable. The more electrons it receives from its neighboring carbon atoms, the more stable it gets.
Similarly, lone pairs act as electron donors when they come close to carbocation ions. Oxygen and nitrogen are the most prominent lone pairs that readily donate electrons to carbocations, thus increasing the stability of the ion.
Carbon-carbon atoms are more stable than carbocations. When a carbocation is bonded with multiple carbon atoms, its stability increases. As soon as such a carbon-carbon atom approaches a carbocation ion, it instantly donates the electron to it. Carbocations are stabilized when they get electrons added to their orbit. This all occurs because opposite charges attract, and like charges repel.
How Do Unstable Atoms Gain Stability?
What Holds Ionic Bonds Together?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 28.535141
Retrieved Text: Hydrocarbon, an organic chemical compound composed of carbon and hydrogen. Hydrocarbons may be gases, liquids, or solids. In nature, they are found mainly in plants, petroleum, natural gas, coal, and oil shale. Most burn readily and dissolve more readily in alcohol than in water. Some are toxic and some form an explosive mixture with air. Hydrocarbons are used as fuels and solvents and in the manufacture of industrial chemicals, explosives, plastics, synthetic rubber, dyes, drugs, and other products.
More than 100,000 hydrocarbons are known. The main reason there are so many of these compounds is that carbon atoms can unite in many different ways to form complex chain or ring frameworks. Different arrangements of atoms yield different molecules. For example, the formula C30 H62 (30 carbon atoms and 62 hydrogen atoms) represents 4,111,846,763 possible isomers—compounds whose molecules differ only in structure.
In chemistry, compounds closely related in structure to hydrocarbons are called hydrocarbon derivatives. Such compounds consist of carbon, hydrogen, and other elements, usually oxygen, nitrogen, chlorine, phosphorus, or sulfur. They are often named for the hydrocarbons to which they are most closely related. For example, the organic chloride compound most closely related to ethane is called ethyl chloride. Hydrocarbons and their derivatives form a large part of the subject matter of organic chemistry.
Hydrocarbons are divided into two main groups according to structure—aliphatic (or acyclic) hydrocarbons and cyclic hydrocarbons. They are further divided into groups of compounds having similar chemical properties. Members within a group are called homologs, and each complete group is called a homologous series. Neighboring

########
Rank: 17
Score: 28.47051
Retrieved Text: Atomic Force Microscope image of a hydrogen bond. Image A. M. Sweetman et al. via Wikipedia Commons.
Remember, these electronegativity values are just made up. They’re also an average, and it turns out C–H bonds vary wildly and aren’t represented well by averages: bond strengths alone vary by 30%. Some C–H bonds, it seems, are polar enough, and their hydrogens hydrogen bond to nearby oxygen atoms.
Interconnected water molecule network. Image ©TWDK.
These rulebreaking hydrogens might not be directly attached to very electronegative atoms but, it turns out, they are seldom far away: usually the carbon they are on is playing gooseberry in between the hydrogen and an electronegative atom which pulls electrons away across the carbon in a tug of war. Chemists call such a carbon activated, and the hydrogen acidic.
There is already a lot of mystery about the nature of the hydrogen bond. Why is it so much stronger than other polar bonds? How do we identify it? But the discovery of hydrogen bonding from hydrogens on carbon atoms, has thrown bonding classification into a crisis. This isn’t the first time this has happened either. The hydrogen bond, first described in 1939 by Pauling of the Pauling electronegativity scale, has since had its definition broadened and changed. In 1957, a paper called “The Hydrogen Bond” critically reviewed the evidence for hydrogen bonding, and attempted to explain it. Scientists are still trying.
Carbon-based hydrogen bonds, described as a special kinds of weak hydrogen bonds, have now been observed in lots of biomolecules including amino acids, proteins, sugars, and DNA.
How

########
Rank: 18
Score: 28.368471
Retrieved Text: Diamond is the hardest natural material known on Earth. Yet diamond is just pure carbon. What is special about this element that makes diamond so hard? Bonds. Chemical bonds.
In a perfect diamond crystal, each C atom makes four connections—bonds—to four other C atoms in a three-dimensional matrix. Four is the greatest number of bonds that is commonly made by atoms, so C atoms maximize their interactions with other atoms. This three-dimensional array of connections extends throughout the diamond crystal, making it essentially one large molecule. Breaking a diamond means breaking every bond at once. Also, the bonds are moderately strong. There are stronger interactions known, but the carbon-carbon connection is fairly strong itself. Not only does a person have to break many connections at once, but also the bonds are strong connections from the start.
Diamond is the hardest known natural substance and is composed solely of the element carbon. Image used with permission (CC SA-BY 3.0; Mario Sarto).
There are other substances that have similar bonding arrangements as diamond does. Silicon dioxide and boron nitride have some similarities, but neither of them comes close to the ultimate hardness of diamond.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 28.273302
Retrieved Text: What Is Oxidation of a Tertiary Alcohol?
Tertiary alcohols do not undergo oxidation in the presence of an oxidizing agent. This is because the carbon atom that contains the alcohol functional group is devoid of any hydrogen atoms, which are necessary in the oxidation mechanism of alcohols.
There are three types of alcohols, which are classified based on the number of hydrogen atoms bonded to the carbon atom that is bonded to the oxygen atom in the functional group of an alcohol. Primary alcohols have two hydrogen atoms, secondary alcohols have one hydrogen atom and tertiary alcohols have no hydrogen atoms bonded to the carbon that is bonded to the oxygen atom.
Oxidation of alcohols can only take place in the presence of an oxidizing agent, such as acidified potassium dichromate, which in turn is reduced during the process. The dichromate (IV) ions are reduced to chromium (III) ions through the addition of electrons. This process involves the removal of the hydrogen atoms bonded to the oxygen itself in the alcohol?s functional group, as well as from the carbon containing the alcohol group (known as the carbinol carbon).
Since primary alcohols contain two hydrogen atoms on the carbinol carbon, they can be oxidized to aldehydes and then to carboxylic acids. Secondary alcohols can be oxidized only once to ketones, since they contain only one hydrogen atom on the carbinol carbon. Tertiary alcohols are resistant to oxidation, since their carbinol carbons have no hydrogen atoms that can take part in the transfer of electrons to the dichromate ions.
What Is the Hottest

########
Rank: 20
Score: 28.256355
Retrieved Text: Importance of radiocarbon dating, what is Radiocarbon Dating?
What are the ides behind carbon dating? In this method, the carbon sample is first converted to carbon dioxide gas before measurement in gas proportional counters takes place. Too many people forget the definition of a theory. What is Radiocarbon Dating?
In this method, the sample is in liquid form and a scintillator is added. In the atmosphere the amount of Carbon decaying over time increases with the greater concentration of Carbon in the atmosphere. This method is based on the idea of radiative decay of Carbon isotopes over thousands of years.
Libby was a very brilliant scientist and had some wonderful ideas. Carbon decays back into nitrogen. Eventually the reaction would reach some equilibrium and the amount of Carbon in the atmosphere would remain constant.
His test results came rather close, to within plus or minus a few hundred years. Carbon Dating Most everyone has heard of Carbon dating on the news or elsewhere sometime in the past years. It is taken as fact and used as evidence to gather information on the world and past civilizations. Labels attached to the packaging materials must not fade or rub off easily.
This information is then related to true historical dates. Most, if not all, organic compounds can be dated. The method does not count beta particles but the number of carbon atoms present in the sample and the proportion of the isotopes. Other potential contaminants include paper, cardboard, cotton wool, string and cigarette ash.
Over the years, giving a guy your number online dating

########
Rank: 21
Score: 28.236145
Retrieved Text: What is the Difference Between Cis and Trans Fats?
The goal of this lesson will be to learn how to identify an asymmetric carbon by discussing their definition and carefully studying some specific examples of compounds that contain asymmetric carbons.
When you hear the word symmetry, what's the first thing that comes to mind? The idea of symmetry is that if we cut the object of interest in half, we end up with two equal halves. Did you know that the human body has an element of symmetry to it? If you were to imagine cutting yourself in half length-wise, you would end up with two equal halves of yourself. Another way of stating this would be that your body contains a mirror plane running longitudinally.
Did you know that sometimes organic molecules can have elements of symmetry, too? A molecule is symmetrical if you can divide it in half some way and end up with two halves that are the same. In this lesson, we're actually going to be focusing on the opposite of symmetry, a concept called asymmetry. Specifically, we're going to be learning about what's called an asymmetric carbon atom within an organic compound.
An asymmetric carbon atom is defined as a carbon within an organic compound that contains four different atoms or groups of atoms (substituents) bonded to it. As an example, consider a carbon atom that's bonded to an -OH group, a hydrogen, a fluorine, and a bromine. Notice how the carbon is bonded to four different substituents, making it an asymmetric carbon.
So how we

########
Rank: 22
Score: 28.12488
Retrieved Text: Basic multiplication and problems any of carbon-bearing materials between 58000 to be dated by measuring the upper atmosphere. Introduction - section four: beige toyota of since frequently there are carbon, which was needed was impossible for the technique of. In class i described how to estimate the us with carbon 14 is the most common objections raised by the chemical. Sources basics of fossils and how carbon-14, is a method used to infer. Carbon-12 is and wood. Geologists use radiocarbon dating carbon originated from dating, its usage in dating to cave drawings. Other radioactive carbon dioxide measurements from mummies to cave drawings. Other answers, and physical life. Although most common objections raised by the. Even if carbon that once exchanged. Alert intended to denote 14c, we know how carbon originated from dating also referred to as the kind of radioactive. Carbon-12 12c, 2008 - section four: radiocarbon carbon-14 dating radiocarbon/radiometric dating works. Browse radiocarbon dating which is an introduction - as. Other people assume that cosmic rays impinging on measuring the geologic time scale basics of. Carbon-14 atoms. Unfortunately, radiocarbon age of about carbon dioxide with a fossil - find single woman in the number. Everything from the first, i did credit you can. Thanks to.
Unfortunately, or unstable and division. Many people who want from the erlitou culture. Yet, and order. Services plant and require an https://casamirones.com/ impact sites for example, which was. Carbon dating, a biological origin up to determine the method used to work out how radiocarbon dating. But because. Could date ancient things

########
Rank: 23
Score: 28.068468
Retrieved Text: Alkanes (also known as paraffins or saturated hydrocarbons) are chemical compounds that consist only of hydrogen and carbon atoms and are bonded exclusively by single bonds (i.e., they are saturated compounds) without any cycles (or loops; i.e., cyclic structure). With the formula CnH2n+2, Alkanes belong to a homologous series of organic compounds in which the members differ by a constant relative molecular mass of 14. They have two main commercial sources: crude oil and natural gas.
Each carbon atom has 4 bonds (either C-H or C-C bonds), and each hydrogen atom is joined to a carbon atom (H-C bonds). A series of linked carbon atoms is known as the carbon skeleton or carbon backbone. The number of carbon atoms is used to define the size of the alkane (e.g., C2-alkane).
The simplest possible alkane (the parent molecule) is methane, CH4. There is no limit to the number of carbon atoms that can be linked together, the only limitation being that the molecule is acyclic, is saturated, and is a hydrocarbon. Saturated oils and waxes are examples of larger alkanes where the number of carbons in the carbon backbone is greater than 10.
Alkanes are not very reactive and have little biological activity. Alkanes can be viewed as a molecular tree upon which can be hung the more biologically active/reactive portions (functional groups) of the molecule.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 28.045801
Retrieved Text: The main brick of fats are fatty acids, formed from a chain having two to thirty carbon atoms and a carboxylic acid terminal group CH3 – (CH2) n COOH.
b) by the degree of unsaturation. Each carbon atom has four valences; two are used for the formation of the chain, and the rest of the valences are occupied by hydrogen atoms, so when there are no double links, we talk about a saturated fatty acid (as in the case of all seats occupied in the bus). When two carbon atoms are joined only by two hydrogen atoms, it is formed a double link, and the fatty acid is unsaturated. If there is only one double link, we say that a is monounsaturated fatty acid. When there are two or more double links, then the fatty acid it is polyunsaturated.
processed this way can contain 5-30% TRANS isomers. By bacteria action TRANS isomers are formed in the rumen of ruminants (first part of their stomach) forming about 5% from dairy and beef fat.
Although some unsaturated fatty acids are the same regarding the carbon chains length, the number of double links and geometric configuration, they can be different if the double links are located in different positions of the carbon atoms chain. The position of the first double link, starting from the methyl end of the carbon chain is specified by “n” or “ω” (omega, the last letter of the greek alphabet). Most unsaturated fatty acids enter in three main groups, namely: n-3, n-6 and n-9. E.g: 18: 1 n-9

########
Rank: 25
Score: 27.986141
Retrieved Text: Thinking in terms of overlapping atomic orbitals is one way for us to explain how chemical bonds form in diatomic molecules. However, to understand how molecules with more than two atoms form stable bonds, we require a more detailed model. As an example, let us consider the water molecule, in which we have one oxygen atom bonding to two hydrogen atoms. Oxygen has the electron configuration 1s22s22p4, with two unpaired electrons (one in each of the two 2p orbitals). Valence bond theory would predict that the two O–H bonds form from the overlap of these two 2p orbitals with the 1s orbitals of the hydrogen atoms. If this were the case, the bond angle would be 90°, as shown in [link], because p orbitals are perpendicular to each other. Experimental evidence shows that the bond angle is 104.5°, not 90°. The prediction of the valence bond theory model does not match the real-world observations of a water molecule; a different model is needed.
Quantum-mechanical calculations suggest why the observed bond angles in H2O differ from those predicted by the overlap of the 1s orbital of the hydrogen atoms with the 2p orbitals of the oxygen atom. The mathematical expression known as the wave function, ψ, contains information about each orbital and the wavelike properties of electrons in an isolated atom. When atoms are bound together in a molecule, the wave functions combine to produce new mathematical descriptions that have different shapes. This process of combining the wave functions for atomic orbitals is called hybridization and is mathematically

########
Rank: 26
Score: 27.914253
Retrieved Text: The largest database1 of organic compounds lists about 10 million substances, which include compounds originating from living organisms and those synthesized by chemists. The number of potential organic compounds has been estimated2 at 1060—an astronomically high number. The existence of so many organic molecules is a consequence of the ability of carbon atoms to form up to four strong bonds to other carbon atoms, resulting in chains and rings of many different sizes, shapes, and complexities.
The simplest organic compounds contain only the elements carbon and hydrogen, and are called hydrocarbons. Even though they are composed of only two types of atoms, there is a wide variety of hydrocarbons because they may consist of varying lengths of chains, branched chains, and rings of carbon atoms, or combinations of these structures. In addition, hydrocarbons may differ in the types of carbon-carbon bonds present in their molecules. Many hydrocarbons are found in plants, animals, and their fossils; other hydrocarbons have been prepared in the laboratory. We use hydrocarbons every day, mainly as fuels, such as natural gas, acetylene, propane, butane, and the principal components of gasoline, diesel fuel, and heating oil. The familiar plastics polyethylene, polypropylene, and polystyrene are also hydrocarbons. We can distinguish several types of hydrocarbons by differences in the bonding between carbon atoms. This leads to differences in geometries and in the hybridization of the carbon orbitals.
Alkanes, or saturated hydrocarbons, contain only single covalent bonds between carbon atoms. Each of the carbon atoms in an alkane has sp3 hybrid orbitals and is bonded to four other

########
Rank: 27
Score: 27.748466
Retrieved Text: The covalent bond ( a pair of shared electrons) is the most common form of linkage between atoms in organic chemistry and biochemistry.
Each element has its own characteristic number of bonds : its valency.
Each line represents a covalent bond, to be used to combine with other atoms.
Actually this is an over-simplification because these are only 2-dimensional. In fact, the 4 bonds of carbon are at about 109º to each other but in 3 dimensions. Another way of saying this is that the 4 bonds are each directed towards the corners of a regular tetrahedron (formed from 4 equilateral triangles), with the carbon atom in the centre!
Carbon is special, because of its four bonds which enable it to combine with other carbon atoms and form a chain. The other elements H, O, N etc are unable to form giant structures on their own.
The term organic has several connotations. Originally it meant something derived from a living organism plant or animal, rather than of mineral origin: inorganic.
Then it became used by chemists to cover compounds of natural origin which were found to be based on carbon, and the term was extended to cover similar and more complex compounds produced artificially, and often containing other elements.
With this proviso, the term organic may be used without much confusion between biologists and chemists (and, indeed biochemists)!
More recently, it has been used in a more general way to describe consumer products and production processes which are not based on chemical fertilisers or other artificial chemicals. In this sense, there is scope for

########
Rank: 28
Score: 27.712856
Retrieved Text: Amora Gem and Diamond are related crystals.
Since most people are familiar with diamond, we can explain Amora Gem by starting with a pure diamond. By taking a pure diamond, which is 100% pure carbon, and then removing every other carbon atom and putting a Silicon atom in instead, we end up with an Amora Gem's atomic composition (50% Carbon, 50% Silicon).
Because Silicon is a larger atom, the 50% carbon atoms have to shift to make room, but after the carbon atoms make room, you now have an Amora Gem.
(Note that to do this and grow an Amora Gem requires very extreme heat. These temperatures are found only around large stars or in extreme growth chambers that create the star-like environment. Diamond itself would vaporize in these star-like conditions which is why Amora Gem was only made available on Earth recently).
The 50% Silicon atom composition is what gives Amora Gem superior fire, brilliance and lustre versus diamond. Silicon is larger than carbon, so it is better able to bend light, and light bending and dispersion (measured as refractive index and dispersion index) is what provides a gem's brilliance and fire.
This is similar to why lead crystal is more sparkly than regular crystal - the addition of the larger lead atoms provide more light bending versus pure crystal, and thus greater beauty.
Similarly, the shifting of the carbon atoms eliminates the 'seams' that are inherent in diamond. These seams, known as 'cleavage planes' are effectively atomic zippers - hit there and your resistance is only one carbon atom bond

########
Rank: 29
Score: 27.681599
Retrieved Text: · Instead of gaining and loosing electrons, carbon shares its 4-electrons with another element or carbon to form molecule.
· Covalent bonds are formed as a result of sharing of electrons. Example- H2, O2, N2. Covalent compounds have low melting point and boiling point due to small intermolecular forces.
· H2forms by sharing valence electrons (1 per atom of H) and produce single bond between two hydrogen atoms.
· O2 forms by sharing valence electrons (2 per atom of O) and produce double bond between two oxygen atoms.
· N2forms by sharing valence electrons (3 per atom of N) and produce triple bond between two nitrogen atoms.
· Methane, CH4is simple carbon compounds and used as a fuel on large scale and also a major component of CNG (Compressed Natural Gas). Methane formed due to sharing of 4 valence electrons of carbon with 4 hydrogen atoms.
Carbon have three allotropes i.e. Diamond, Graphite and fullerene.
Diamond formed due to rigid three dimensional structures of carbon atoms because each carbon atom bonded to another 4 carbon atoms. It is hardest substance.
Graphite formed due to presence of hexagonal array layers above one another, and layers of hexagonal arrays formed because each carbon atom bonded to another 3 carbon atoms with 2 single and 1 double bond. It is smooth, slippery and very good conductor of electricity.
Fullerenes (C-60) are also an allotrope of carbon in which carbon atoms are arranged in football like shape.
Carbon shows versatile nature because it has two characteristics features which are catenation and tetravalency. These both feature gives large numbers of compounds.
Catenation

================



======= Instance Index 11 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are faster or slower ):

Warmer molecules vibrate faster than cooler ones.


Eric increased the heat of the molecules. They now vibrate faster or slower?

Target Text: faster

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 32.019043
Retrieved Text: iJim: Alien Life On Earth. A Theory.
Alien Life On Earth. A Theory.
Not everything post apocalyptic has to be zombie orientated. What happens if we were to be invaded by aliens from another planet?
On that note, what would you think if I were to tell you that I believe that there is alien life on other planets?
Let me prefix this, not only do I believe that there is life on other planets but I also believe that there is a very big "possibility" that, that life could be on this planet and moving among us, freely on a daily basis.
Before you click away from my blog, I do have a theory about this.
See, things on this planet, my phone, my cup of coffee (the cup any way) are a solid. They are a solid because at a molecular level they vibrate at a very slow rate. As an example, lets take an ice-cube. An ice-cube is solid water, it is a solid because at a molecular level the water molecules are vibrating at a slow rate.
But, if we were to heat the ice-cube the molecules would start to vibrate at a faster and faster rate until they start to separate and become water again. Now, if we were to continue to heat the ice-cube the water would turn into steam as we all know, and then vapour at which point it becomes invisible to the human eye.
This is where my theory comes in.
What happens if there is an alien life form that at a molecular level, can

########
Rank: 1
Score: 31.4016
Retrieved Text: As you read these words, the air’s molecules are ­zipping around you at 2,000 miles per hour, faster than a speeding bullet, and bombarding you from all sides. Meanwhile the atoms and molecules that make up your body incessantly tumble, vibrate or collide with one another. Nothing in nature is ever perfectly still, and the faster things go, the more energy they carry; the ­collective energy of atoms and molecules is what we call, and feel as, heat.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 29.467894
Retrieved Text: Time and tide wait for no man. Nothing man can do will stymie the slow corrosion of the sea slamming on the coast or the steady tick of the hands around the clock. The God that separated the firmament from the waters and spoke time into existence is the real unstoppable power, of course. Yet we treat his creation, time, as a frivolous and worthless substance.
We know that God will call into account our misplaced time but still choose to waste it. If we are serious about making an impact in our world, friends, family, and churches we must realize that It's Time.
According to the Kinetic theory of matter, all matter is made up of atoms and molecules that are constantly moving.
When heat is added to a substance, the molecules and atoms vibrate faster. As atoms vibrate faster, the space between atoms increases. The motion and spacing of the particles determines the state of matter of the substance. The end result of increased molecular motion is that the object expands and takes up more space.
Mass of the object remains the same, however. Solids, liquids and gases all expand when heat is added. When heat leaves all substances, the molecules vibrate slower. The atoms can get closer which results in the matter contracting. Again, the mass is not changed.
So what does atom activity have to do with being stirred? Simply this: when you have no activity, no heat, no fervor, no passion, and no interest in eternal things, you will make no worthwhile impact on your surroundings.
If

########
Rank: 3
Score: 28.236364
Retrieved Text: Infrared Thermography is a technology that looks at the heat signature of objects to monitor the object's state or condition. All objects emit heat (energy) waves. If an object is cold, its molecules vibrate more slowly and energy of longer wavelengths is emitted. When the temperature of the object rises, its molecules vibrate faster and the wavelength becomes shorter.
Every particular energy wavelength has a temperature associated with it. The lowest temperature that the human eye can visually detect is approx. 500 deg. Celsius. At temperatures cooler than that, the heat waves emitted are invisible and are called infrared waves.
Infrared light comprises the lower frequency energy emissions which are undetectable by the human eye. Our eyes are not sensitive to such low-energy radiation, but IR can reveal useful information about our environment.
An infrared camera can see the "invisible" light and convert it to a video signal, which can be seen on a television or on the eyepiece of the camera, and can display the temperature associated with of any part of that image. The image can be stored on a flash card for viewing on a computer screen, or on videotape.
Performing an infrared thermographic survey is a technique for monitoring the condition of equipment. This includes electrical systems, mechanical systems, roofs, and buildings for energy loss. Examining the images from the IR camera one can determine the condition of components, and discover any exceptional temperatures which might indicate that the component is approaching some stage of failure.
IR images are examined using analysis software, and priorities are set

########
Rank: 4
Score: 28.079681
Retrieved Text: Often it is necessary in science to predict energy flow and even to measure this flow. Since energy is invisible, this often requires special equipment. Heat, a for of energy, is not measured directly. Instead, scientists must study heat by how it affects matter. Heat causes the molecules of matter to vibrate faster, which is recorded as temperature. With the heat transfer kit, two insulated containers (called calorimeters), thermometers, and an aluminum transfer bar, make it possible to study the transfer of heat from a substance in one calorimeter to a substance in the other. The investigation measures the flow of heat as it s affected by different variables. Grades 6-12.
Be the first to review “American Educational Heat Transfer Kit” Click here to cancel reply.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.968262
Retrieved Text: In the following passage, I use “heat” in its most narrow, physically precise manner: as a verb only. This is consistent with the way the science of heat - thermodynamics - views the concept.
When you heat an object, this may cause the temperature to rise. This is because the internal energy of the object has increased. This internal energy is the sum of the random kinetic and potential energies of the particles making up that object. When there is a temperature rise, the internal energy increases because the particles move faster (their kinetic energy increases) - that is they go from point to point (translate) or rotate or vibrate more.
In a solid the main mode of movement is vibration, while in a liquid the particles are free to also rotate while in a gas all three modes are undertaken but the main driver of the temperature rise is due to an increase in the translational motion of the particles. There is one other way to increase the internal energy of an object through heating and this does not cause a temperature rise. How is it we could heat something and yet not cause a temperature rise? This can be so if the internal energy rises but does not cause a change in the kinetic energy of the particles and this is possible if the heating causes only the potential energy of the particles to change. And what this means for an object is that the potential energy in the bonds changes. The bonds might be between

########
Rank: 6
Score: 27.472055
Retrieved Text: We see these states all around us. In our bodies, matter exists in all 3 forms (solid, liquid and gas).
In solids particles are close together and are held together strongly by forces of attraction.
These particles can’t move around, but they do vibrate in a fixed position.
The particles are arranged in rows, columns and layers. This forms a 3D shape called a Lattice. Click here to see.
In liquids, the particle are close together, however they aren’t held as strongly as in solids.
When we heat up the solid the particle vibrate. They eventually vibrate so much that they break free from the lattice pattern.
In gases, the particles are far apart and move much faster.
As the liquid is heated the particles gain more energy and being to take up more space. Eventually they break free completely from the forces which hold them together.
Some gases, such as neon and helium are Monatomic. This means that each gas particle is a single atom. Diatomic are elements which have two atoms joined together, like oxygen and hydrogen.
It was long thought that there was only 3 states of matter, Solid, liquid and gas. However after studying the stars, scientists discovered a fourth state. Plasma. This is ironic because plasma actually makes up 97% of the visible universe.
As we add more energy to a solid structure, it eventually becomes a liquid. Add more energy and it becomes a gas. Add even more energy and it become a plasma.
The thing is, we need an extremely large amount of energy to turn a gas into a

########
Rank: 7
Score: 27.377218
Retrieved Text: Weather is the state of the atmosphere in a minute-to-minute or day-to-day sense. Is it hot or cold? Wet or dry? Cloudy or clear? Climate is the trend of weather patterns over a long period of time. Arizona is a sunny place because we can look back at day by day weather data and see that trend. Weather can change in an instant, but climate takes years.
Weather is composed of three major physical properties. They are temperature, moisture content, and air pressure. Changes in these three properties are responsible for all of the weather you experience.
Temperature is the measurement of heat energy. When something has a lot of heat energy,it will feel hot and measure at a higher number. When something doesn't have a lot of heat energy, it will feel cold and measure at a smaller number. Temperature is also related to motion. All molecules vibrate, but molecules with more heat energy will vibrate faster, which is what we are measuring when we measure temperature.
The most common units used to measure temperature are Celsius, Fahrenheit, and Kelvin. Although they all measure the same thing, they each represent different scales. The Celsius scale is based around the temperature of water. 0 degrees Celsius is the freezing point of liquid water, while 100 degrees Celsius is the boiling point. The origins of the Fahrenheit scale are still argued about today. Typically, the story goes that 0 degrees Fahrenheit was the temperature of a solution of ice, water, and salt, while 96 degrees was the temperature of the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 26.769424
Retrieved Text: The invention of the microwave is a fantastically simple concept. Microwaves have a frequency that can penetrated water, fat, and sugar molecules and excite them. For a molecule to be excited the electrons "orbiting" the nucleus have to jump up energy levels. When this occurs the atom starts to vibrate faster than normal. When this happens in a glass of water for example, all the atoms that make up water start to move and run into each other and create friction. When friction is created energy is given off in the form of heat.
So if microwaves can excite the molecules in a substance and create heat, why not use them to cook food?! And that, is how a microwave works. There is a devise inside the oven that is the source of the microwave radiation call a magnetron. The waves than travel to the oven cavity through the wave guide and mode stirrer. The waves penetrate the food and excite the molecules. This is why the food heats from the inside out! Because the waves are literally creating heat on the atomic level of the food which in turns cooks the item inside out.
So how come if you warm up a piece of pizza in the microwave for a longer than necessary period of time only some parts of the pizza burn? This is caused by the idea of "hot spots." Hot spots form because a microwave is sinusoidal, so it has peaks and valleys. Because of this the microwaves cannot excite all of the atoms

########
Rank: 9
Score: 26.758825
Retrieved Text: Burst a soap bubble and it will split into hundreds of droplets. Now we can do the reverse, turning droplets into bubbles, with a blast of sound.
Researchers have already shown it is possible to suspend small particles, such as droplets, in the air by counteracting gravity with pressure from ultrasound waves.
Duyang Zang at Northwestern Polytechnical University, China, and his colleagues have now discovered that higher sound pressure can create a bubble from a levitating droplet.
The team placed a drop of soap solution between an acoustic levitator, a pair of emitting and reflecting panels that pump out sound. They increased the pressure on the droplet by gradually turning up the volume, pushing it into a flat film and then curving it into a bowl that filled with air.
Once the air in the bowl reached a certain volume, the trapped air molecules began to resonate with the sound waves and vibrate violently. This increased the pressure on the film, inflating it and eventually creating a bubble.
The team explored two alternative ways to manipulate the film shape: pulling the centre with a needle and passing a ring around the edge of the film. Both attempts were successful in producing bubbles.
The work is more than just a new way to blow bubbles, says Zang – the technique could create hollow-structured materials that float or can be used as capsules for medicine.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 26.577663
Retrieved Text: Typically when we see patients that have an injury or are in pain the last thing you want to do is heat the injured area. However, diathermy is one of those exceptions to the rule. Based on the presentation and the symptoms present we will sometimes use heat to assist in the healing process.
Unless specifically told by a chiropractic physician or another doctor to apply heat, always use ice. One of our mottos is: when in doubt ice it down. We usually recommend 20 minutes on and 20 minutes off.
Diathermy is a form of heat treatment using high frequency electromagnetic currents. These cause molecules in deep tissue to vibrate, heating the tissues and increasing blood flow to them. Diathermy is used to accelerate recovery and reduce pain in sports injuries such as bursitis, strains, and sprains. It is not used on acute injuries where there has been recent bleeding.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 26.37029
Retrieved Text: These solutions are part of NCERT Solutions for Class 9 Science. Here we have given Class 9 NCERT Science Textbook Solutions for Chapter 1 matter in our Surroundings.
Answer: Chair, air, almonds, and cold-drink.
The smell of hot sizzling food reaches you several meters away, but to get the smell from cold food you have to go close.
Answer: The smell of hot sizzling food reaches severed meters away, as the particles of hot food have more kinetic energy and hence the rate of diffusion is more than the particles of cold food.
Answer: A diver is able to cut through water in a swimming pool. This shows that the particles of water have intermolecular space and has less force of attraction.
Question 4. What are the characteristics of the particles of matter?
(1) Particles have intermolecular space.
(2) Particles have intermolecular force.
(3) Particles of matter are moving continuously.
Question 1. The mass per unit volume of a substance is called density.
Arrange the following in order of increasing density: air, exhaust from chimneys, honey, water, chalk, cotton and iron.
air < exhaust from chimneys < cotton < water < honey < chalk < iron.
Question 2. (a) Tabulate the differences in the characteristics of states of matter.
Answer: (a) Difference in the characteristics of 3 states of matter.
(i) Rigidity: The tendency of a substance to retain/maintain their shape when subjected to outside force.
(ii) Compressibility: The matter has intermolecular space. The external force applied on the matter can bring these particles closer. This property is called compressibility. Gases and liquids are compressible.
(iii) Fluidity: The tendency of particles to

########
Rank: 12
Score: 26.334707
Retrieved Text: 1. What are the four common phases of matter?
2. Do the molecules in a liquid all have about the same speed, or do they have a wide variety of speeds?
Molecules in liquids have a wide variety of speeds.
3. What is evaporation, and why is it a cooling process? Exactly what is it that cools?
Evaporation is a change of phase from liquid to gas that occurs at the surface of a liquid. The average kinetic energy of the molecules remaining in the liquid is lowered, which results in cooling. The loss of energy is the only factor which cools liquid evaporation.
4. Why does warmer water evaporate more readily than cold water?
Warmer water evaporates more readily than cold water because there are a greater proportion of molecules with sufficient kinetic energy to escape the warmer water.
The form of evaporation in which molecules are covered directly from a solid to a gaseous phase.
6. Distinguish between condensation and evaporation.
In condensation the state changes from gas to liquid while evaporation the state changes from liquid to gas. Condensation is a warming process while evaporation is a cooling process.
7. Why is a steam burn more damaging than a burn from boiling water of the same temperature?
A scaling from steam is much more damaging than a scalding from boiling water of the same temperature because the steam releases considerable energy when it condenses to a liquid and wets the skin.
8. Why do you feel uncomfortably warm on a hot day and humid day?
On a hot day and humid day we feel uncomfortably warm

########
Rank: 13
Score: 26.176678
Retrieved Text: Heat almost any solid and it will eventually melt into a liquid. Even solid rocks melt or become molten at above about 800–1000°C...Read More >>Heat almost any solid and it will eventually melt into a liquid. Even solid rocks melt or become molten at above about 800–1000°C (1500–1800°F). The liquid rock that oozes or spurts from volcanoes is called lava. The temperature and pressure inside some volcanoes are so great that some types of rock not only melt, they boil and bubble as they give off gases trapped inside them. Heat is a type of energy—the vibrations of atoms and molecules. The more an atom moves or vibrates, the more heat or thermal energy it has. In a solid, the atoms have fixed central positions but each atom vibrates slightly about its central position, like a ball tied to a nail by elastic. Heat the solid and the atoms vibrate more. When they have enough vibrations, the atoms break from their fixed positions (the “elastic” snaps), and they move about at random. The solid has melted into a liquid. Heat it more and the atoms fly further apart. The liquid becomes a gas.
An image of Earth's Pacific Ocean, showing levels of heat being radiated out to space (infrared radiation). The highest levels...Read More >>An image of Earth's Pacific Ocean, showing levels of heat being radiated out to space (infrared radiation). The highest levels (orange and red) are given off by the waters of the ocean. The lowest (blue and white) are where the ocean is obscured

########
Rank: 14
Score: 26.03723
Retrieved Text: The molecules of a solid are arranged in a tightly-packed, ordered lattice. Intermolecular attraction keep them so tight. However in liquids the attraction is less and in gases there is no attraction. When heat is added, the heat energy causes the molecules to vibrate and move. Molecules in gases have more space to move around than on liquids. That is why gases expand more compared to liquids.
24. In the the module 15 set 2 , qustion 41-60 question no 13# In a gas turbine engine, turbine section 1#temperature decreases along with pressure and velocity 2#velocity decreases and pressure increases 3#velocity increases and pressure decreases. i think the answer should be re checked because in turbine section all kinds of energies are converted into the mechanical energy like kinetic pressure and heat energy all are converted into mechanically majorly so how could velocity increases in that.. yup in exhaust nozzle velocity increases but how can it be in turbine section..
After compression and combustion have heated the air, an increase in the velocity of gases is necessary in order for the turbine rotors to develop power. In the compressor, energy is added to the gas by the rotor blades, then converted to static pressure by the stator vanes. In the turbine, the stator vanes increase gas velocity, and then the rotor blades extract energy.
25. Set 1 matter, question 6-10 of 20, 6th question \"what is the valence of oxygen\" the answer says 2 how come \'2\' ?
26. What is "Alert height"?
27. In Mod-13,Set-5,21-40,Q-10 figure missing.
28. In Mod-3,Set-5,21-40,Q-10 figure

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.649588
Retrieved Text: There is a science behind Fragrance in Healing.
Essential oils are of the smallest molecules on earth. Essential oils consist of molecules (atoms of H+ and O2 and more) and are literally live molecules.
They are of the highest vibrating molecules ... One drop contains 40 million trillion molecules (4 with 19 zeros). These tiny molecules, measured in amu, vibrate so fast that their speed makes them evaporate.
Fragrances are thus evaporated molecules, carrying the true vibrations and fragrances of the plant (ea oil its own fragrance) in excessive amounts into our bodies.
Bring 1 drop in contact with our body and within 20 minutes all our cells are reached.
When we smell them they move through the blood brain barrier and heal all areas of brain, especially the limbic brain where bad emotions are trapped.
Read more how this works, that hydrogen and oxygen in the essential oils participate in release of bad emotions besides all the other healing modalities which God uses.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.38224
Retrieved Text: Heat energy can be transferred through a substance by conduction. A good conductor of heat is metal, this is because the atoms within the metal are close together. This will help because the heat can be transferred from one to another quicker then if the molecules were spread out. On the other hand, non-metals and gases are usually poor conductors of heat, this is because non-metals have fewer free electrons. The electrons in non-metals are held tightly, they are not allowed to move freely. Once the electrons in a piece of metal have left their atoms and moved about, there are parts of the metal atoms left behind, they are called charged metal ions. The ions are crowded close together and they constantly vibrate. When the metal gets hotter, the more energy the vibrations have and when the metal gets colder, the less energy the vibrations have. This energy is called kinetic energy, it is transferred from the hot and cool parts of the metal by the free electrons. When the free electrons pass through the metal, they are slowly joining up with the ions.
Convection happens when particles with a lot of energy in a liquid or gas rearrange and take the place of the particles with less heat energy. Heat energy is moved about from hot places to cooler places by convection. When liquids and gases are heated they expand. This is because the particles in liquids and gases tend to move faster when they are heated than they do when they are cold. Therefore,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 24.70727
Retrieved Text: Glow-in-the-dark stickers, weird deep-sea fish, LED lightbulbs — all have forms of luminescence. In other words, instead of just reflecting light, they make their own.
Now a team of scientists from the University of Vermont and Dartmouth College have discovered a new way that some molecules can make a luminescent glow — a strange, bright green.
“It’s a new method to create light,” says Matthew Liptak, achemist at UVM who co-led the new research. The new light may have many promising applications including novel kinds of LED bulbs and medical dyes “that can sense viscosity within a cell,” he says.
The discovery was reported Sept. 26 in the journal Nature Chemistry.
To understand how this new light is formed, consider maple syrup. It’s a thick liquid. The scientists at Dartmouth, led by chemist Ivan Aprahamian, were exploring some strange molecules, called molecular rotors, shaped like kayak paddles where both blades rotate around a shaft. (Yes, a very small shaft, many thousands of times thinner than a hair). In a thin liquid, like water, clumps of these rotating molecules — a kind of dye containing boron — give off a weak, reddish luminescent glow.
But when the scientists put the molecules into thicker and thicker maple-syrup-like solvents — in this case, mixtures of glycerol and ethylene glycol — the fluorescent light from these molecular rotors didn’t get weaker as expected. Instead, they glow brightly, in a vivid green color nearer the blue end of the spectrum.
“That was very surprising,” says Liptak, an expert on computational chemistry. So the Dartmouth team turned to

########
Rank: 18
Score: 24.642378
Retrieved Text: We hear all kinds of sounds every day — lots of them without even noticing them. But did you ever really think about what sound is, and how we hear it?
Sound is actually a form of energy, like electricity and light. It’s made when molecules vibrate and move in a pattern of waves — sound waves. For example, when you clap your hands, that action produces sound waves. Why? When something moves or vibrates, it disturbs the substance next to it — usually air. The air molecules also vibrate, sending out waves — something like the ripples made when you throw a stone into a pond. Those waves reach our ears, which do their job of receiving and sending the sound to our brain, which then identifies it as handclapping or something else.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 24.606842
Retrieved Text: You get to take a look at the different types of waves, including transverse and longitudinal waves, and learn the difference between electromagnetic and mechanical waves.
Define waves as longitudinal and transverse according to the direction of their vibration.
What are the similarities and differences between transverse and longitudinal waves?
~ Both transverse and longitudinal waves are spread with vibrations. Transverse waves vibrate in a perpendicular direction, while longitudinal waves vibrate in a parallel direction to the direction of the wave.
What type of waves do radio transmitters and X-rays emit, and how are they propagated?
~ Radio transmitters and X-rays give off electromagnetic waves, which are a type of transverse wave.
What type of waves do musical instruments emit, and how are they propagated?
~ Musical instruments create sound waves, which are vibrations of the molecules of the medium, which is usually air. These waves are examples of longitudinal waves.
What is unique about the waves produced by a stone that is dropped into water?
~ When a stone is dropped into water, both transverse and longitudinal waves are produced because the water molecules move both perpendicular and parallel to the direction of the waves. In addition, their movements are circular.
Pre-requisite Concepts Student should have a general understanding of the following terms: longitudinal waves, transverse waves, and vibration.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.561344
Retrieved Text: Radiant energy is the energy of electromagnetic waves. It is a form of energy that can travel through space. For example, we receive the heat from the sun, which is located very far from the earth via radiation. The sun's heat is not transmitted through any solid medium, but through a vacuum. This is possible by electromagnetic waves.
Before we go any further, let us understand what electromagnetic waves are.
Each time static energy from electric and magnetic force come together, they induce an electric field around them.
An example of electric static force is the shock you get when you hold a metal door knob.
An example of a magnetic force is the pull that attracts metals to the magnet. Now, the electrical field induced causes waves, called electromagnetic waves, and they can travel through a vacuum (air), particles or solids. These waves resemble the ripple (mechanical) waves you see when you drop a rock into a swimming pool, but with electromagnetic waves, you do not see them, but you often can see the effect of it.
The energy in the electromagnetic waves is what we call radiant energy.
There are different kinds of electromagnetic waves and all of them have different wavelengths, properties, frequencies and power, and all interact with matter differently. The entire wave system from the lowest frequency to the highest frequency is known as the electromagnetic spectrum. The shorter the wavelength, the higher its frequency and vice versa. White light, for example, is a form of radiant energy, and its frequency forms a tiny bit of the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.48835
Retrieved Text: I’ve been hearing about the process for quite some time now, but that is still nothing compared to seeing the actual core coming up and being handled.
Today I’ll talk about what happens to the core before it’s cut. It’s almost like a dance with everyone waiting for their turn with a favored partner. First the core comes on to the catwalk and gets cut into sections and capped.
The next test is thermal conductivity. In other words, how easily does heat travel through the core.
After Thermal Conductivity, it’s time to cut the core! Finally! The machine that is used to cut “soft” (sedimentary) rocks has a wire almost like a piano wire and a track pulls the wire through the core, almost like a cheese slicer. Sometimes the endcaps can come loose after being pulled on by the wire. The second picture shows Johanna using a sonic welder to melt the plastic endcap back onto the core. It’s a neat tool. It uses sound waves to vibrate the plastic molecules into a liquid. It doesn’t use heat!
And finally we have a cut core. One half is the “Working Half” that scientists will take their samples from. It will get all kinds of pieces gouged out of it. You’ll see that later. The second half is the “Archive Half” and it goes in to a core repository – kind of like a library for cores. It will stay there for years so that other scientists working on the same thing can look at it.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 24.143076
Retrieved Text: Yes, I write books and stories and blog posts (that sometimes get read). I also make and sell (hint hint) bracelets. I have a day job, but the side gigs keep me from going postal.
Not really. And they’re not as far removed from each other as you may think.
We think of storytelling as words related orally or symbolically through alphabets, pictures, or gestures.
Stones can tell a story.
Stone is millions, billions of years old. They have survived intense heat, unbearable pressure. Exposure to one element will make the stone blue, a trace of a different one and it becomes yellow. Or green.
Crystals line up in precise formations, reproducing the pattern as they grow, making great structures, but the molecules all line up in the same order as the first.
Some were moved by landslides, by glaciers. They’ve been blow thousands of feet in the air by volcanoes or waiting millennia in the dark until someone decided they had enough value to dig up.
The stone was cut, polished, treated with heat or chemicals to enhance its color or luster, carved or drilled before it came to me.
The physical aspect of the Universe.
We are matter. Us. Humans.
But, if you ask a meta-physicist, when you get down to the subatomic level, it’s just energy. Vibration.
We are vibration. We respond to vibration. A cat’s purr vibrates at the same frequency that heals bones. It’s not just a pleasant, soothing sound. It’s healing.
Stones vibrate as we do. They vibrate at different frequencies. Healing frequencies.
A friend suffers from anxiety attacks. I wish to help

########
Rank: 23
Score: 24.025806
Retrieved Text: There are two types of sunscreen, “chemical” and “physical” blockers.
Physical blockers are made of zinc oxide and titanium dioxide. These are small fragments of minerals that reflect the light, thus are protective against both UVA and UVB radiation.
Chemical blockers are composed of several different chemicals that each absorbs various wavelengths of UVA, UVB rays, or a combination of both. These chemicals soak into the skin, thus need to be applied 20-30 minutes prior to turning the light energy into vibrational or “kinetic” energy, then release that energy as heat energy into the skin.
As the molecules absorb light energy and vibrate, they gradually degrade or fall apart – therefore they need to be applied frequently. Some safety concerns have been raised about the safety of chemical sunblockers.
The Environmental Working Group (EWG) raised concerns about oxybenzone causing cancer after long term use. Although this may represent a theoretical concern for infants that have never been exposed to sunscreens before, for adults, we have been exposed to oxybenzone for years, thus “the horse is out of the barn” and the benefits of skin cancer prevention greatly outweighs any minimal risk of using oxybenzone.
If you have a small child, you may want to consider using only physical blockers to avoid long term exposure to chemical sunscreens.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 23.929724
Retrieved Text: Why Were The Soviets Scared Of Microwave Ovens?
Home > Health News > Why Were The Soviets Scared Of Microwave Ovens?
Did you know that microwave ovens were once banned throughout the largest country in the world? In the 1970s, scientists in the Soviet Union conducted research on these new appliances and arrived at some worrying conclusions. Their findings led to microwave ovens being banned throughout the Soviet Union for over twenty years while the rest of the world embraced the technology. But why? Did the Russians know something the rest of the world didn’t?
The earliest microwave ovens were developed for use by the United States Navy in World War II. They were enormous and cost tens of thousands of dollars apiece. Over the decades, the technology improved, and in the early 70s the first household microwave ovens became commercially available. In the Western world, these ovens quickly became a hit with consumers who could now heat their meals faster and easier than ever before.
In the Soviet Union however, things were different. Numerous sources claim the ban in the Soviet Union went into effect in 1976 due to concerns that microwave radiation made the food unsafe to eat. The ban was lifted in the 1990s as the now post-Soviet Russian economy began to open up to free trade.
Do microwaves make food unsafe?
It is important to understand that a microwave oven prepares food in a very different way than any traditional cooking method. What all forms of cooking have in common is that they use heat to alter the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 23.919844
Retrieved Text: Today students investigated how the density of a material can change. When a substance is heated, the atoms and molecules vibrate, which increases the substance’s volume without changing its mass. As a result, its density goes down. When a substance is cooled, the opposite happens, and the density goes up. (Ice crystals are a notable exception this rule.) Today students took part in a lab that tested this effect. They observed how hot water floated because of this change in density. All you needed was some hot water, a pipette, and a bit of food coloring. They repeated the test with cold water and saw the opposite effect. Then they tested salt water. Because salt dissolves in water, filling the spaces between the water molecules, it makes the water heavier without affecting its volume. The result? Salt water has a higher density.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 23.701777
Retrieved Text: Nanoscale “guitar strings” that vibrate at more than one billion times per second could detect and identify individual molecules. The device may even let researchers study the quantum behaviour of molecules, and possibly even viruses.
A group led by Alex Zettl, a condensed matter physicist at the University of California, Berkeley, US, used electron-beam lithography and reactive ion etching to create a trench 300 nanometres across with electrodes on either side and a chargeable plate at the bottom.
The researchers then coaxed carbon nanotubes to grow across the gap. Driven by high-frequency signals, the tiny bridges resonate at 1.3 billion cycles per second, or 1.3 gigahertz.
Zettl credits their success in part to the use of carbon nanotubes, which have low mass, ultra-high stiffness and few defects, making them ideal high-frequency oscillators. “No other material known has the same combination of good properties,” he says.
The technique works because strings of a certain mass should vibrate at a particular resonant frequency. Change the mass and the frequency changes as well, just as a heavy guitar string vibrates at a lower frequency than a lighter one. The change in frequency can be spotted by adding the signal to a known test frequency.
The Berkeley group’s next goal is to develop coatings for the carbon nanotubes that will selectively bind target molecules, such as explosives, so that they can actually start spotting molecules. “In principle, if you get things to stick on selectively, you could do detection with sensitivity and specificity,” Zettl explains. He hopes to demonstrate this in the lab within a

########
Rank: 27
Score: 23.658083
Retrieved Text: In Physics and Chemistry heat and temperature are the terms used very often. These are the same physical states of an object. But they are different from each other. People generally use the term wrongly as they interchange them. When the temperature of an object is incresed the heat of the object is increased. Let us try to find the difference between the two.
Heat is potential as well as kinetic energyc contained in an object. Kinetic energy is moving energy while potential energyis the contained energy which is stored and remain static in an object. Joules is its unit of measurement.
Temperature is a number related to energy. It is a measure of the kinetic energy and not the energy itself. Kelvin and Celsius and Fahrenheit are the units to measure temperature.
The molecules of heat move faster once the heat enters a body. The heat and temperature of an object goes up. It is due to the fact that the molecules hit each other. Temperature is the measure of these collisions.Heat can cause change of phase such as melting of ice into water occurs without the change in temperature.
Heat is an energy entered in an object. It is the measure of the complete energy of an object. Temperature on the other hand, is the major of only the molecules’ kinetic energy of an object. Heat is an extensive property. Temperature on the other hand, is an intensive energy. For example water boils at 100 degree centigrade. The quantity of water does not make any difference. The fact

########
Rank: 28
Score: 23.647833
Retrieved Text: In this paper I would like to show the work of various renowned researchers who are opening up a new frontier in the practice of Homeopathy…the frontier of digitized information in homeopathic remedies.
It is now possible that the specific activity of biologically-active molecules (e.g., histamine, caffeine, adrenalin), not to mention the immunological electromagnetic signature of a virus or bacterium, can be recorded and digitized using a computer sound card, just like an ordinary sound. As we will see life depends on signals exchanged among molecules.
In biology, the words "molecular signal" are used often. Yet, biologists are not aware of what the physical nature of this signal is.
We have known for decades that molecules vibrate. Every atom of every molecule and every intermolecular bond-the bridge that links the atoms-emits a group of specific frequencies. Specific frequencies of simple or complex molecules are being detected at distances of billions of light-years, thanks to radio-telescopes.
Biophysicists describe these frequencies as an essential physical characteristic of matter, but biologists and biochemists do not consider that electromagnetic waves can play a role in molecular functions themselves.
Experiments by Benveniste have shown that we can transfer specific molecular signals by using an amplifier and electromagnetic coils. In July, 1995, he recorded and replayed these signals using a multimedia computer. A computer sound card only records frequencies up to about 20,000 Hz.
"replay" it to a biological system, sensitive to the same substance.
Therefore, there is every reason to think that when a molecule itself is in the presence of its receptor, it does the same thing:

########
Rank: 29
Score: 23.566698
Retrieved Text: Good read from a counterpoint.
... Kanzius's lab demonstration offered little to convince me otherwise. Sure, a test tube of pure water sat there in his radio-wave gizmo with nothing happening, then a quarter teaspoon of Morton's salt was added and, presto, the radio waves prompted it to catch fire. The gauge on the radio-wave generator read 200 watts, but there was no telling how much heat was coming off the flame or how much power was coming out of the wall, so I had no way of knowing whether this was an energy-losing parlor trick or a breakthrough.
Then I contacted Dr. Rustum Roy, an authority on the structure of liquid water at Penn State University, which houses one of the foremost microwave research labs. He hadn't met Kanzius, but his enthusiasm for the concept was palpable. No hard research has been conducted as yet -- it's only been a few months since the water first caught fire -- but Dr. Roy speculates that because the 13.56-MHz radio frequency is a harmonic of the natural frequency of sodium ions, the waves are causing these positive ions to vibrate intensely. Van der Waal's effects attract the oxygen end of water molecules to the positive sodium ions, and the vibration shakes the oxygen molecules hard enough to break the hydrogen bonds, freeing the hydrogen gas, which then ignites and burns. If true, the radio waves may be giving us electrolysis at a deep energy discount, allowing the flame to produce a net energy gain without breaking any thermodynamic laws.

================



======= Instance Index 12 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are regular water or salt water ):

Water density increases as salinity and pressure increase, or as temperature decreases.


If you mixed salt water and regular water which would float regular water or salt water?

Target Text: regular water

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 34.5757
Retrieved Text: Some objects, when placed in water, float, while others sink, and still others neither float nor sink. This is a function of buoyancy. We call objects that float, positively buoyant. Objects that sink are called negatively buoyant. We refer to object that neither float nor sink as neutrally buoyant.
The idea of buoyancy was summed up by Archimedes, a Greek mathematician, in what is known as Archimedes Principle: Any object, wholly or partly immersed in a fluid, is buoyed up by a force equal to the weight of the fluid displaced by the object.
From this principle, we can see that whether an object floats or sinks, is based on not only its weight, but also the amount of water it displaces. That is why a very heavy ocean liner can float. It displaces a large amount of water.
Archimedes principle works for any fluid, but as divers we are mainly concerned with two different fluids: fresh water, and salt water. We need to think of fresh water and salt water as two different fluids because equal volumes of fresh water and salt water do not weigh the same. For example, a cubic foot of fresh water weighs approximately 62.4 lbs, while a cubic foot of salt water weighs approximately 64 lbs. The extra weight is because of the dissolved minerals in salt water.
Let's take a moment and look at an object in water and Archimedes Principle. If you place a 1 cubic foot object that weighs 63 lbs into fresh water, the object is displacing 62.4 lbs of

########
Rank: 1
Score: 34.48764
Retrieved Text: We looked at a variety of objects at our investigation station and made our predictions about which objects would float and sink in plain water. Have a look at our record sheets which show our ideas before we did our investigation, and afterwards. We had a few surprises!
Let's Investigate! We investigated if our objects would float or sink in plain water. Then we checked if there would be any difference if we used salt water!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 34.374992
Retrieved Text: Diet, exercise and lifestyle changes are some of the most popular ways to feel better, but what if you could simply let your problems float away? Now you can. Elements Float Spa opened in Birmingham in July and offers floatation therapy.
Flotation REST (reduced environmental stimuli therapy) consists of laying in a float tank of 10-inch-deep water with thousands of pounds of Epsom salt. The salt makes the water so dense that it impossible not to float.
Owner Kristine Sparrowhawk opened Elements in Birmingham after visiting a floating spa in Atlanta due to a neck injury.
Sparrowhawk started driving from Birmingham to Atlanta on a regular basis, sometimes three times a week. After some time, she and her husband, Kele, decided to open a float spa in Birmingham in order to share it with more people.
The benefits of floating don’t stop at aches and pains, she said.
Floatation has been academically studied in America since 1975 and currently in Sweden. To find out more about floating, visit their website at http://www.elementsfloatspa.com.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 34.132545
Retrieved Text: I Tried Flotation Therapy to Calm My Mind. Here's What Happened .
Jan 25, 2017 . What exactly is this type of sensory deprivation therapy, though? .. For several days afterward, it seems like the volume is turned down just.
Jun 1, 2017 . Many float tanks use a few of these methods in conjunction with each . but others will work at odds with each other, lowering the effectiveness of both. . Chlorine and bromine are definitely the big boys in the pool and spa world. . It's sometimes used in pools and spas because of its ability to kill some.
May 24, 2017 . The density of the salt water seems to interfere with the refraction of the light, and . our float tanks, the absurdly high concentration of magnesium sulfate seems .. and other suction inlets on the filtration system, are effective.
Floating at Urban Float - The premiere floatation therapy spa .
Whether you're looking for stress and anxiety relief, workout recovery, pain reduction, or improved mental focus -- Urban Float offers safe, effective, and proven.
Apr 4, 2018 . A powerful way to replenish our bodies, floatation therapy is a blissful way to . making you feel really great, it has some big health benefits, too. . our bodies, floatation therapy is a simple, effective way to invest in your health,.
Floatation therapy is very effective at lowering the stress hormone cortisol .. and has such a high-density of Epsom salt that any individual, big or small, will float.
Oct 25, 2014 . Sensory isolation in a flotation tank

########
Rank: 4
Score: 33.982742
Retrieved Text: We are continuing our ocean study and did a fun sink or float ocean experiment today.
We hypothesized if it is easier to float in the ocean or in a swimming pool/lake? And why?
To test this hypothesis we filled one container with tap water (1.5 cups). In the second container, we added 1/3 cup salt to 1.5 cups water to make our salt water. Stir until all the salt is gone. I explained that the salt water is like the water in the ocean. We talked about how "salt gets in the ocean". One way is through rivers, which run over rocks containing salt and then carry it into the ocean. Another way is through volcanoes, erupting under water and releasing salt into the water.
We added a raw egg to each container.
We talked about why the egg floated in the salt water, but not in the fresh water... Salt water is denser than fresh water; therefore, an egg will sink in fresh water because the egg is heavier than the fresh water. However, the egg will float in salt water because the egg is lighter than the salt water.
I got this idea from homeschool share, where this Float or Sink is part of their Hello Ocean Lapbook.
That is such a fun experiment for kids. Thanks for linking up!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 33.96125
Retrieved Text: Floatasian is a luxurious, Swedish floatation spa in Shanghai that provides a unique gravity-free experience. Designed for city dwellers who are looking for increased well-being, Floatasian offers the ultimate form of relaxation and comfort for both body and mind.
Floatation Therapy (also known as Sensory Deprivation Therapy) means reaching a state of absolute tranquility by floating. When floating, the body, salt water, and air inside the tank all rest at 35C, and this equilibrium creates a relaxing feeling of weightlessness. The result is a feeling of deep relaxation, which has proven to have healing properties and help with tension, pain, stress and fatigue. Let Floatation take away the pressures of the outside world and allow your mind and body enjoy a state of mind where stress drifts away.
You don't need to bring anything. We provide you with everything you need including amenities for pre- and post-float showers - including clean towels and earplugs.
The rooms are private and our tanks are sterilized between sessions so there´s no need to wear a bathing suit. Bathing suits will also prevent you from experiencing your session fully and we don´t recommend you to wear one. If you wear contact lenses, we recommend you to remove them and place them in their case during your session.
Can I eat and drink before floating?
Yes, we recommend a small meal prior to your session to prevent distractions such as hunger and a growling stomach.
Can I drink coffee or tea before floating?
We recommend you to stay away from beverages containing caffeine a couple of hours prior

########
Rank: 6
Score: 33.921387
Retrieved Text: ﻿Salt water system in a pool is most often considered by owners the best thing they have ever done for their pool. If you already have a salt system you get a high five from us! You already know all about the benefits of a salt water system so just call us to keep it working if it needs some love.
Let me teach you a little bit about salt generators they do cost a little more than the regular chlorine system upfront but like they say you get what you pay for. So a salt water pool system can cost as low as only $800 but that’s nothing to worry about because in the long run it will be a lot cheaper. Chlorine pools can cost up to 3 times more than a salt system to run each year!
Are you tired of always having to put more chlorine and acid in your pool almost every week to keep your pool water perfect? Well when you install a salt water system most of this maintenance is no longer needed! So instead of checking your pool chemicals every week with a salt system you only have to do it a couple times per year! Yea you read that right it isn’t a typo you only need to check your salt in your pool a few times each year. This is beneficial if you have a pool in your backyard that you don’t use often or even if it is a commercial pool that gets used every day having

########
Rank: 7
Score: 33.319347
Retrieved Text: A 0.5 meter spherical float is used as a location mark for a fishing boat anchor. It floats in salt water. Find the depth to which the float sinks if the material of which the float is made weighs 8 kilograms per cubic meter and salt water weighs 1027 kg/m3.
Looking for a statistical calculator? Do you have a linear equation or system of equations and looking for its solution? Or do you have quadratic equation? Pythagorean theorem is the base for the right triangle calculator.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 33.273144
Retrieved Text: Objects Sink In Liquids When Their Density Is Greater Than That Of The Liquid. Conversely, Objects Float When The Density Of The Liquid Is Greater Than That .
Salt Water Density Science Experiment Float An Egg!
Does Salt Water Sink Or Float was uploaded at September 12, 2018 at 7:52 am. It is posted under the Sink category. Does Salt Water Sink Or Float is tagged with Does Salt Water Sink Or Float, Does, Salt, Water, Sink, Or, Float..
Does Salt Water Sink Or Float has been picked by the newly married couple to accomplish your house. Along with its contemporary design but nevertheless basic, this table also been due to many benefits including might be utilized of collecting together a kidis learning, the household as a means, a location so forth and to place the kitchen equipment.
This table is normally coupled with amini home but can also be added to another space. Pricing table is also cheaper than additional stand because of its small size. If you want to buy this stand, there's no injury in listening to some design multifunctional club table below for inspiration.
The Does Salt Water Sink Or Float suitable for the modern form of home place. This mini table includes a square design that is streamlined to create it appear more respectable for a vibrant young couple. Therefore did not devote long a new pair that are super active, modern platforms may also be quicker treated and washed.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 32.771175
Retrieved Text: Why Do Eggs Float in Salt Water?
Eggs float in salt water because salt water has a higher density than fresh water. Density is defined as the amount of matter, in this case salt, in a given amount or medium. The more matter, the denser it is.
The salt water egg experiment is one of the easiest ways to demonstrate how density works. The components of this experiment are two raw eggs, table salt, two containers deep enough for an egg and tap water.
First, each container should be filled almost to the top with tap water. Add 6 tablespoons of salt in one container stir until completely dissolved, and then place one egg in each container. The egg in the salt water will sink while the one in the container with only tap water will float.
In this experiment, the egg sinks in plain water because the egg is denser than the water. It pushes the water particles out of the way and sinks to the bottom of the container. In the other container, the salt ions and the water ions have bonded together, which makes the water more dense than the egg. These new particles essentially hold the egg up in the water, causing it to float.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 32.731533
Retrieved Text: Online Scout Manager: Do Objects float better in salt water than in fresh water?
Experiment to see if objects float better in salt water than in fresh water.
Water, 4 containers, salt, paperclips, pens, small plastic ball, (items that will barely float), a stop watch and some paper to record results. This can be done as one large gorup or you can split it down to smaller groups but you will need extra equipment.
First fill all containers with water, next add 1 table spoon of salt to container 2, 2 table spoons of salt to container 3, 3 table spoons to container 4. Now add the items 1 at a time recording how long they stay afloat in container one. Dry of items and repeat again twice. Now move to container 2 and do the same again. Repeat with container 3 and 4. Group discuss findings.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 32.72232
Retrieved Text: Floating is about everything that you won’t be doing. You won’t be fighting gravity, likely for your first time. The water is kept at body temperature, which means you lose track of where you body ends and the water begins. Your ears stay just above the water and the tanks are insulated against sound; noise doesn’t reach you. After you shut the door and turn off the light, you float in total darkness. The outside world is gone and amazing things happen, simply because there is no external stimuli for your brain to process. It turns out that when you’re not fighting gravity or constantly taking in information, your body has a lot of extra resources at its disposal. Your mind is free to mull things over without distraction, your brain pumps out dopamine and endorphins and your body gets to rest, de-stress and heal. It’s likely the most relaxing thing you’ve ever experienced.
Schedule your float online. Arrive 15 minutes prior to your first float, we’ll cover the basics and answer any questions.
You’ll be showed to your private room, where you will shower and put in earplugs and step into the float tank.
Close the door behind you and turn off the lights when you’re ready. Relax by focusing on your breath and float. You may or may not fall asleep, don’t worry either way. 75 minutes goes faster than you think!
With a few minutes left in your float, music fades in, easing you out of your float. Turn on the lights and step out. Rinse off

########
Rank: 12
Score: 32.537243
Retrieved Text: COLLEGE STATION, Tex. (KBTX) - After practicing the art of massage therapy for the last 18 years, Debby Maduro decided to bring her clients a new way to relax.
As a person that loves to meditate, Debby said deciding to learn about flotation therapy in sensory deprivation tanks was a no-brainer.
"I went to Austin and from the very first time I got in a pod, I was hooked," said Maduro. "I knew it would be a perfect addition to massage therapy."
She and her business partner Miguel Sanchez decided to open Dinosaur Egg Flotation and Massage Studio in College Station in January 2019. The studio offers regular massage with three different masseuses including Debby and float therapy both by yourself and for couples.
"The deprivation tanks are soundproof, and the studio rooms themselves are also soundproof and lightproof so you're getting a full sensory deprivation experience," said Maduro.
The idea behind sensory deprivation is to allow yourself to completely disconnect. The feeling of being weightless and suspended in the water aims to allow users to reset and relax.
There are about 170 gallons of water filled with 800-1000 lbs. of medical grade Epsom salt in each tank. That combination is what causes you to float.
"The Epsom salt has magnesium instead of sodium, which is what makes you more relaxed and gives you the benefits of the magnesium," said Sanchez. "Epsom salt is automatically a anti-inflammatory for your body."
As the trend has caught on around the world, several professional athletes have begun to partake in the therapy. The temperature of the water

########
Rank: 13
Score: 32.33423
Retrieved Text: Trend Alert: What The Heck Is Floating?
What the heck is floating, and what’s possessed everyone from pro athletes to our most #fashun of friends to become regular floaters?
Prepare to immerse yourselves in the ultimate relaxation trend that’s surfacing in Sydney.
When you first arrive at Sydney Float Centre, you may be a little surprised to find this quiet, futuristic space tucked away in a medical centre. As it turns out, floatation therapy is a pretty established way to de-stress both body and mind. Secretly, we’re pretty fond of it because it combines all the best parts of an indulgent warm bath, the zen of meditation, and the relaxation of massage (but without any pressure on your muscles).
So how does it all work exactly? After a relaxing herbal tea, you’re led down a glowing corridor into your own private room, where your float pod is glowing away. It’s surprisingly spacious inside the tank, but you can totally float with the lid wide open too if confined spaces aren’t your thing. These are hands down the ‘Rolls-Royce’ of float tanks and are the only ones of their kind in Sydney.
The body-temperature water is loaded with epsom salts to ensure that you float effortlessly, no matter how terrible you think you are at swimming. In fact, the water is even more buoyant than the Dead Sea. Plus, the epsom salt prevents you from going all prune-y as you relax. Surprisingly, the magnesium in the epsom salt also moisturises your skin rather than drying it out (which is why our beauty

########
Rank: 14
Score: 32.122715
Retrieved Text: Halloween is over but does your child’s trick-or-treat basket still have tons of candy in it?
Rather than deal with upset tummies from children eating too much candy or trying to deal with the whines that follow candy rationing, I decide to put some of these sweet treat to good use.
We did science experiments with candy!
We tried a simple experiment with sinking and floating. We learned that Hershey kisses sink. My son reasoned that the fun size 3 Musketeer bar was even bigger and therefore he assumed it would be heavier than the Hershey kiss and therefore it would also sink.
It floats! We realized why when we saw the air bubbles float to the top of the water. 3 Musketeers are fluffy which means there is air in there. The air makes it less dense than the water and therefore it floats.
That was a fun and simple experiment but we also tried something a little more complex…Candy Chromatography!
The word “chroma” means color and “graph” means to write or document. So this experiment is documenting the true colors of our candy.
We chose M&Ms as our test subject. There are 6 colors of M&Ms – red, orange, yellow, green, blue, and brown. However, those dye colors are not listed as ingredients. Instead, other colors are blended to make these 6 beautiful colors.
But which colors are found in each? That’s what candy chromatography is going to tell us!
First Nicholas put 6 drops of water on a tray and placed one of each color M&M on a drop. He let them

########
Rank: 15
Score: 32.033417
Retrieved Text: Life is better when you float!
Get ready to be totally relaxed and stress free!
A float tank is filled with 25cm of water. The water is SUPER saturated with Epsom Salt (this salt has lots of Magnesium and is super healthy for us too). The Salt allows you to float effortlessly and creates a zero-gravity environment, this is just the beginning. You then lay on your back in the water with the intention of reducing all sensory inputs: sight, sound, touch, smell, taste.
Inside the float tank the water is heated and maintained at 34.5C which is exactly the same temperature of your skin. Once you get in to the water it doesn’t take long for you to lose where your body ends and the water begins, the more still you are the faster and deeper this feeling sets in.
The next major step is having absolutely no light in the float tank. This allows you to keep your eyes open and stare into the darkness. This is a fantastic feeling and a key part of the floatation experience. As much as possible your environment should be quiet. Once your ears are below the water level and you are wearing ear plugs the sounds of everyday life are gone and you are left in silence.
A float tank is an ideal environment to relax, reboot, and recover. Once your brain is freed from the tasks of maintaining spacial control over the gravity that is omni present, and monitoring your body temperature (these two things alone can account for up to

########
Rank: 16
Score: 31.992107
Retrieved Text: 100% Pure, Organic and Unprocessed Straight from the Dead Sea!
What are the benefits of the Adovia brand?
It's a deeply relaxing way to take off some stress after a long day at work and get into "sleep-mood"
How do I use the salts?
What is the difference between Fine Grain and Coarse Grain Dead Sea salt?
What are the minerals in the salts and what do they do?
How can I tell if I'm buying Genuine Dead Sea salts?
What's the benefit of buying in bulk?
You have been signed up to win our $300 gift basket!
The Dead Sea, located at the lowest point on Earth, is one of the saltiest bodies of water in the world Compared to regular sea or ocean salt which contains only about 3% salt vs water, the Dead Sea contains 33% mineral salt In fact this level of salinity creates one of the most amazing effects that visitors marvel at when they make a trip to the sea - a person swimming in the sea can not sink! Yes, when you go into the waters of the sea, you actually float as if you were on an air mattress, but naturallyWill order moreRelated ProductsMore InformationSalty ShoppingCustomer CareJoin our mailing listFree shipping over 100h4Fast DispatchSafe CheckoutSite design by Belle Design.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 31.716934
Retrieved Text: Most science experiments can be done with materials that you have around your house. The science experiments below are simple activities that require just a little time and preparation.
Why Are Interactive Science Experiments Good for 9-Year-Olds?
Experiments are a powerful tool for getting 9-year-olds excited about science. Many science topics are abstract and difficult to understand when read about in a book; however, science experiments can make the concepts come to life. For each of the following experiments, have your child hypothesize and record the results.
Have your child write down her observations for each marshmallow and graph the results at the end. Place a marshmallow on a plate and put it in the microwave oven for 30 seconds. Help your child take the plate out (be careful - the plate and marshmallow will be hot). Place another marshmallow on a plate and put it in the oven for 45 seconds. Finally, place the last marshmallow on a plate and put it in the oven for one minute.
Explain that microwaves cause water molecules to spin and move quickly, which heats up whatever you put in the microwave oven. As objects heat up, they also expand. When the marshmallow is put in the microwave oven, it gets bigger because there is water trapped inside the marshmallow that heats up and expands. The longer the marshmallow is in the microwave oven, the hotter and bigger it gets. You can ask your child to find other food items to put in the microwave oven to see if they expand.
Fill the first

########
Rank: 18
Score: 31.30931
Retrieved Text: Are you looking for health benefits of Epsom Salt, Great, You landed in the right place. Let’s read about it. Epsom salt comes with many uses. It has several health benefits over humans that are pretty much impressive. Epsom salts are commonly known as bath salts too. They are known for bringing many health benefits. Being readily available, you can fetch this salt quite easily from any of your local stores. Epsom salt is a tiny and colorless granule.
The presence of magnesium ion in the Epsom salt is helpful in increasing the production of serotonin. It even helps in reducing the effects of adrenaline. All these facts together make it an extremely beneficial remedy against stress.
When you have got bruises, start using Epsom salt which acts as a fantastic anti-inflammatory agent. It will heal your sores and injuries quite easily.
Epsom salt mixed with warm water is an excellent beauty treatment, commonly known as a pedicure. You need not visit the beauty parlor for it, but a weekly treatment of your feet would go awesome this way. Dip your feet in warm water until the water turns out to be cold. This shall treat your issues like Athlete’s foot and fungal disorders that are commonly seen to damage your toenails.
It is often said that if you are too tired of the busy schedule that you did witness the whole day, consider taking a warm water bath. However, make sure that you add a dash of Epsom salt to that water as it will help in relaxing your

########
Rank: 19
Score: 31.300692
Retrieved Text: I let my arms slowly glide from the sides of the body to above my head.
Warm water gently flowed and touched my skin – in this completely dark and almost weightless space, it was hard to tell if there were directions at all.
It was the simplest form of motor control, but somehow there seemed to be another force guiding my movements as I floated on the water filled with more than 1,000 pounds of Epsom salt in a closed chamber.
I was in an altered state of consciousness.
Recently, I went to a couples’ float session in a flotation tank with my boyfriend at London Float Therapy. We wanted to try something interesting and new, and secretly I was also hoping to form spiritual connections through some supernatural telepathy in a closed space.
A flotation tank is a tank full of salt water at body temperature in an environment without sounds and lights. It was first called a “sensory deprivation tan”k by its developer, American neuropsychiatrist John C. Lilly. Although there hasn’t been adequate support for its use as a medical therapy, it’s sometimes used as a complimentary treatment of diseases and chronic pains as well as an additional physiotherapy practice.
For healthy participants, one commonly cited research paper demonstrates that stress, depression, anxiety, and pain significantly decreased after attending a 7-week flotation program with 12 floating sessions.
After a quick internet search, we found a flotation centre in North London which provides both flotation rooms big enough for couples and flotation pods for individuals. We arrived at London Float Therapy

########
Rank: 20
Score: 31.253664
Retrieved Text: I love the truth of this quote, but it’s likely Dinesen never tried float therapy. If she had, I’m quite sure she’d add it to her list of salt water cures.
Ten inches of body temperature water. About 1,000 pounds of Epsom salt. No light. No external sound. Nothing.
I recently spent an hour in a floating chamber at Zee Float in Hamilton. Their website promises a generous list of benefits from floating, including relieving pain and stress, improving sleep, alleviating stress and promoting relaxation, and many more.
I was drawn in by the idea of zero stimulation. My days, like yours, are filled with phones ringing and text messages buzzing and never-ending emails and places to be (5 minutes ago!) and meals and laundry and groceries and activities and deadlines – basically non-stop stimulation coming at me. I am always doing and going, never just being.
Zee Float offers a relaxing spa-like atmosphere and I started to relax as soon as I walked in. After a brief tour, I was shown to my float tank (there are three different tanks – I enjoyed the Oasis Tank) and given instructions. It’s a very simple process, but things like a pre- (and post) float showers are essential, along with wearing ear plugs.
And then I floated. 60 minutes of…nothing.
No light – just total darkness. I couldn’t even see my hand in front of my face. No sound – other than my breath and heartbeat, and the occasional ripple of the skin-temperature water. The only stimulation was internal – trying to turn off

########
Rank: 21
Score: 31.232433
Retrieved Text: You can bring your own towel only if you’d like. If you wear contacts, you should bring your case, your solution, and your glasses. You can also bring a brush for your hair. Our spa provides soap, shampoo, conditioner, a comb, towels, and a blowdryer.
Do I need a bathing suit or swim trunks?
Only if you want to! Most people float without clothes for maximum comfort. No worries, your float room is completely private and you will be the only person in there.
Allow at least 4 weeks after your hair has been colored and until all hair-dye has completely stopped bleeding before coming to float. (In certain cases, it may be longer.) Hair-dye permanently dyes our tanks and contaminates the water. The enclosed nature of the tank requires us to follow strict sanitation guidelines for the safety of our customers. You may be held liable for damages up to $500 as it is a very costly endeavor for us to correct the contaminated water. We would also have to close for 2-3 business days to correct contaminated water. Manic-Panic hair-dyes cannot float in the tanks. Also, if you use keratin treatments, it’s recommended that you avoid saltwater, and that includes float tanks. We would be happy to reschedule to float.
Do not eat a heavy meal prior to your float. Have a light meal a few hours prior to your float to give it time to digest before getting into the tank.
Don’t shave or wax too soon before getting in as the salt water may sting irritated skin.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 31.22441
Retrieved Text: Our family is a big fan of pickles and we like both South Indian and North Indian varieties.We are very particular about the flavor and taste of pickles and ensure that we pair a north indian one with roti and a south indian variety with rice.
I have various south Indian variety of Mango pickles like Andhra Avakay, Allam Avakay, Pesara Avakay, Bellam Avakay,Palli Avakay,Nuvvu Avakay, Magaya, Mukkala pacchadi, No Oil Mango Pickle , in my blog. These are prepared using Raw mangoes. We absolutely love all the varieties and I do make a point to get these prepared by my MIL, but in limited quantities, so that we can enjoy the other kind of pickles which she prepares during winters.During winters, she prepares pickles with fresh vegetables, red chillies and gooseberries.I love Usiri avakaya (Andhra style Gooseberry pickle) more than the regular Avakay made up of mango as gooseberries lend a nice taste and flavor to the pickle.The process of making this gooseberry pickles is not complicated,hence you can make small batches and enjoy with your curd rice or you can even mix it with hot rice,dal podi and ghee.If it is prepared carefully, the shelf life is longer for this pickle,hence if you want you. can even make it in larger batches and store it.
Wash and wipe the gooseberries and let them dry on a kitchen towel for 2-3 hrs.
Heat sesame oil in a thick heavy bottomed kadai/pan and add dried amlas and fry them for a couple of minutes.Cover it with a deep lid

########
Rank: 23
Score: 31.121126
Retrieved Text: Yes it does in zero gravity! Not to mention as water vapor, or ice. And in a different atmosphere it most certainly could.
Water does NOT float on oil! Oil floats on water because it is less dense.
Yes, there is a body of very salty water at the bottom of the Gulf of Mexico that looks like a beach with a shore where the less salty water floats on top of the more salty water.
Very vague question, but to answer, of course water floats. To float is to have enough buoyancy to displace enough of whatever it is you happen to be on, to stay on top. So water floats on sand, rock, or anything else that is more dense. If you're asking whether water floats in water, no. A good way to see how water reacts with water is to add some food coloring to a small amount of water, and then dump that into a lager amount of water.
If in a frozen state, water will float on itself. Water will also float on any liquid that has a higher density, for instance, chloroform.
Isn't that similar to asking if air floats? If so, does it?
Yes. Depending on what form it is in and what other substance/liquid it comes into contact with.
Yes, water floats. Even if you consider bodies of nothing but water, like lakes and oceans, water 'floats' within these bodies. This is because bodies of water, especially large bodies of water, are not homogenous (i.e. uniformly mixed) but are composed of layers which float upon

########
Rank: 24
Score: 30.989473
Retrieved Text: Everything you need to know before your first float.
Some people have some concerns before they use the tank the first time. These may include being alone in the dark, drowning, not having enough air, claustrophobia, and others. The fears are usually the thought or the idea that yYOU won't be in control of the situation, but in this situation you are totally in control. You can go in and out of the tank as you please. You can use the tank with the door completely open, you can keep it partially open or you can close it. There is no particular way to use the tank that is more correct than another. Anyway you use it that is comfortable for you, is correct.
Open the door to the tank to feel the weight of it; it is very light. When you close the door while inside the tank, it will be dark and that may be disorienting. When you get in and before you lie down, open and close the door, noticing how it feels different from the other surfaces. If you try to open the door and it doesn't open, it's not the door.
The tank is designed so that it is not airtight. You'll have plenty of air. To keep the tank air fresher, an air circulation system brings the air in from the room. The air enters at the rear of the tank. You may prefer to have your head at that end.
The tank environment is humid. There are 10 inches of water in the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 30.725536
Retrieved Text: It took 850 pounds of Epsom salt, but I floated. For the first time in my life I floated. Last month I visited Float On, a business located in the Hawthorne district of Portland, Oregon. Float On is part of a new movement in entrepreneurship – providing sensory deprivation tanks for rent by the hour.
Floatation tanks, also known as isolation tanks and sensory deprivation tanks, were first developed by John C. Lilly in 1954. In the 1970s the practice also became known as REST, or Restricted Environmental Stimulation Therapy. While the connotation attached to the tanks has varied over the years, it has been used to effectively treat everything from stress and anxiety, to migraines, to chronic pain and fibromyalgia, to mental disorders. Given its supposed benefits, both mental and physical, one would think it could make a good recovery practice for athletes.
It was from this perspective, that of an athlete, that I approached floating. I had long been encouraged by a couple fellow martial artists to give it a shot. They insisted I would enjoy it, but I don’t swim, and more importantly, I’ve never even figured out how to float, so the whole thing seemed quite daunting. I also get vertigo whenever I can’t see a horizon line, so I really wasn’t sure floating was for me. Ninety minutes of floating, at that.
But I was told everyone can float in a floatation tank. The high level of Epsom salt in the water, 850lbs according to Float On, will keep anybody on top of the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 30.670876
Retrieved Text: Water hardness is, at its most basic, the presence of certain minerals in water. Historically, water hardness was a measure of water’s ability to form lather during laundering. Harder water, due to it’s high calcium/magnesium content, would not lather as readily (or at all). For a long time there were many different scales for this, due to different countries with different languages measuring different chemical reactions.
Today we measure Total Hardness, the total amount of both calcium and magnesium in the water, in parts per million (ppm). There are also individual tests for magnesium hardness and calcium hardness. Total hardness is not useful for float tanks, since we add about 300,000ppm of magnesium sulfate to our water.
The measurement you would potentially find useful to your tank would be calcium hardness, and even that is not really necessary to monitor.
Why do we (usually) measure water hardness?
High calcium hardness can cause scaling, a crusty precipitation of excess calcium. This is especially harmful to water heaters, as calcium has an inverse temperature solubility; in water, calcium is exothermic, which means it gives off heat when combining with water. This also means that the warmer the water, the less calcium can remained dissolved in it. For this reason water heaters are particularly vulnerable to excessive scaling, which can cause the heater to work harder to less effect. This not only raises the cost of heating your water, but will ultimately result in the heater failing.
Water with low calcium hardness will draw calcium out of any nearby sources, causing significant pitting (the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 30.599792
Retrieved Text: Floating in complete darkness, with no sense of where your skin ends and the water or air begins: no light, no sound, no smell or taste—nothing but you and your own mind.
It’s an intriguing idea to some, terrifying to others. Sensory deprivation/isolation tanks have been around a long time, but they died out a couple of decades ago, only to experience a rebirth in the last few years; they’ve been rebranded under the much friendlier-sounding moniker “float tanks.” The Edmonton area is currently home to four float-based businesses—with more on the way—and all of them aren’t much more than a year old.
Flotation therapy is pretty much exactly what it sounds like: you float in a tank filled with water, which has been saturated with Epsom salts to the point that it’s actually impossible to sink, allowing you to lie back and fully relax your body. The tanks are some variant of an egg-shaped bathtub with a lid, though float chambers also exist—small rectangular rooms with water in the bottom. Both the air and the water in float tanks are heated to skin temperature (about 34C), and the tanks are usually completely dark (some have soft lighting options) and devoid of any other stimulus. The whole idea is to cut off all external sensory input so that you can simply relax with your own mind.
When Matthew Smith and Jamie Phillips started Modern Gravity Float Studio at the beginning of 2014, they had just a single tank in Smith’s basement. Though they were the only ones in town

########
Rank: 28
Score: 30.549248
Retrieved Text: Sense Deprivation (FLOAT) Tank: Why it’s a cool Experience and what it can teach you.
If you aren’t familiar with this experience that is possible for you to have yet, then chances are that you have been probably living under a rock (would love to hear about that experience actually) or you aren’t really into trying new things.
Whatever the case may be, I am here to give you a little breakdown of this experience and what it could do for you.
The name might put you off a bit since it sounds like some weird chamber of death or something. Basically all this is, is a bathtub like structure with a cover and a lot of salt. Everybody has been in a bathtub before…I hope anyways! pppppppeeeuuuuuu if you haven’t haha. This bathtub like structure has a couple of more additions as well. The water temperature is the same as of your skin’s temperature, which makes it feel as if the parts of your body that are in water and outside are the same. It’s called a Float tank because the amount of salt that is put in there makes you float completely on it’s own, no need for your help like in actual water, which allows you to actually let go complete control of your body. The tank is quite large as well and usually there is a light that you can have on if being in darkness makes you uncomfortable.
The reason that this could be a powerful experience for you is because if you haven’t meditated

########
Rank: 29
Score: 30.348383
Retrieved Text: General Chemistry Online: FAQ: Solutions: Does salt water expand as much as fresh water does when it freezes?
Does salt water expand as much as fresh water does when it freezes?
When a saline solution is subject to freezer temperature, does it expand as much as water would?
When moderately salty water freezes, you might expect a uniformly mixed salt and ice crystal to form (after all, the salt and water were homogeneously mixed in the first place). But that's not what happens. First, tiny platelets and needles of ice form over the surface of the liquid. The ice crystals incorporate water, but leave the salt behind, so the solution becomes saltier and saltier as the freezing continues. Finally, the flat ice crystals grow together, trapping small pockets of concentrated brine inside. A cloudy, brittle frozen slush forms.
Predicting the volume of that slush isn't easy. The trapped brine drains over time, leaving behind trapped air bubbles that can dramatically lower the overall density. The density of pure ice is about 0.92 g/mL. The bubbles and pores in salty ice can make its density significantly less dense than pure ice (perhaps 0.8-0.9 g/mL) .
Phase map for salt water.
If you cool the slush below typical freezer temperatures, the trapped brine eventually becomes completely saturated with salt. The lowest temperature possible for liquid salt solution is -21.1°C. At that temperature (called the "eutectic point"), the salt begins to crystallize out of solution (as NaCl·2 H2O) along with the ice until the solution completely freezes. The frozen solid is a heterogeneous mixture of

================



======= Instance Index 13 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are increase or decrease ):

In Life Sciences it is important to note that whenever a structure has an increased surface area, there is an increase in the functioning of that structure.


A structure with an increased surface area will increase or decrease in functioning?

Target Text: increase

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 24.759094
Retrieved Text: With the increasingly complex high-tech devices and the sometimes very sensitive sensor technology, the requirements in the area of coatings have increased as well. If, for example, electrical charges form at the wrong place, the consequences may be serious for the functioning of a device.
In the area near the electrostatic charging, a conductive coating (as an addition) can provide a remedy. By using special additives, it is possible to individually influence the surface and volume resistivity and discharge undesired charges via the coating of a cylinder.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 23.77382
Retrieved Text: 1, the spiral bevel gear grinder the entire transmission: bevel gear transmission technique make the mill the all round structure is extra compact, installation speedy adjustment, tremendously improve the efficiency.
2, thin oil lubrication method inside the mill: without having an more pump or lubrication station, can understand the principle shaft bearing and taper gear shaft bearing lubrication.
3, the curved duct: euro trapezoid mill kind air duct for surface air duct, tangential air import smooth, modest resistance, internal export path is advantageous to the material dispersion, not simple plugging material.
4, surface can transform the shovel blade: euro trapezoid mill shovel blade with higher wear-resistant alloy materials, service life is extended, only when the replacement to replace the blade portion, increase the material utilization. Additionally, the surface type cutter material is usually oriented facade, make the roller grinding ring, middle and lower part is often grinding, make its uniform wear, but additionally increases the effective functioning area, hence rising the yield.
5 , isolation sort cyclone powder: euro trapezoid mill adopting isolation among inner cylinder and the mixture powder flow structure, can successfully enhance the efficiency of selected powder and powder precision.
6. there is no resistance, in to the wind (modest observation door no eddy present) of the spiral case: the inside door inside and in to the wind volute inside on the very same surface, can effectively keep away from the eddy current effect.
7, sophisticated look: euro trapezoid mill not simply adopted several sophisticated internal structure, and appearance also beautiful arc structure design, make the whole machine is

########
Rank: 2
Score: 23.502832
Retrieved Text: Activated charcoal is an excellent cleanser. It’s structure and increased surface area allow it to latch on to dirt and other particles and then wash it all away.
This helps reduce the appearance of pores and helps clarify skin. Charcoal is a deep cleanser particularly suited for oily skin but ALL skin types will benefit.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 23.394123
Retrieved Text: Spencer, Kate L., Carr, Simon, Diggens, Lucy M., Tempest, James A., Morris, Michelle A. and Harvey, Gemma L. (2017) The impact of pre-restoration land-use and disturbance on sediment structure, hydrology and the sediment geochemical environment in restored saltmarshes. Science of the Total Environment, 587-88 . pp. 47-58.
Saltmarshes are being lost or degraded as a result of human activity resulting in loss of critical ecosystem services including the provision of wild species diversity, water quality regulation and flood regulation. To compensate, saltmarshes are being restored or re-created, usually driven by legislative requirements for increased habitat diversity, flood regulation and sustainable coastal defense. Yet, there is increasing evidence that restoration may not deliver anticipated ecosystem services; this is frequently attributed to poor drainage and sediment anoxia. However, physical sediment characteristics, hydrology and the sediment geochemical environment are rarely examined in restoration schemes, despite such factors being critical for plant succession. This study presents the novel integration of 3D-computed X-ray microtomography to quantify sediment structure and porosity, with water level and geochemical data to understand the impact of pre-restoration land use and disturbance on the structure and functioning of restored saltmarshes. The study combines a broad-scale investigation of physical sediment characteristics in nine de-embanked saltmarshes across SE England, with an intensive study at one site examining water levels, sediment structure and the sediment geochemical environment. De-embankment does not restore the hydrological regime, or the physical/chemical framework in the saltmarshes and evidence of disturbance includes a reduction in microporosity, pore connectivity and water storage capacity, a lack of connectivity between

########
Rank: 4
Score: 23.30288
Retrieved Text: [Abstract] The present invention provides a nail (10) suitable for covering that provides an increased resistance to failure. The nail (10) has an enlarged head (20) and a body (24) with surface deformation (28). The cover plate (40) is fixed to a frame structure (42) by using nails (10). The enlarged head (20) provides a first clamping surface that is positioned against one of the outer surfaces of the cover plate (40). In the frame structure, the second clamping surface is fixed by the nail body. By providing an enlarged head and a body with surface deformation, the ability of the nail to hold the cover plate to the frame structural element is enhanced. A set of nails is set in a package (100) suitable for use with a mechanical drive.
ã€Sovereign Itemsã€‘ 1. A package suitable for covering nails, comprising a set of nails suitable for covering, each nail having: a substantially round head with a flat top surface, Suitable for driving into flush with an outer surface and a bottom surface of the cover plate, the head also having a head diameter; a single elongated body is integrally formed with the head and extends from the underside of the head, the elongated nail The body also includes a nail tip opposite the head and a series of surface deformations formed on the body, the surface deformation being configured to provide an increased resistance to plate separation when the nail is pulled from a frame structure, the body also having a A substantially circular cross-section with

########
Rank: 5
Score: 22.921795
Retrieved Text: Uncompromising when it comes to a safe outdoor riding area ridable year-round. Why it is worth thinking long-term.
A permanently good, elastic surface proves itself especially with high gaits, loads and also extreme weather. In order to be able to offer both horse and rider optimum surface characteristics and training conditions year-round, your outdoor riding area should fulfill the following basic requirements: reliable water management, perfectly matched footings and the prevention of all risks to health. It is exactly for this reason that bringing in a professional helps to efficiently plan your area, to tailor it exactly to your needs and to avoid expensive changes afterwards.
So that the investment in your outdoor riding area pays for itself, you and your clients should find optimum training conditions at all times. And that includes frosty winters, heavy precipitation and long dry periods.
Particularly with outdoor areas where, in contrast to indoor riding arenas, watering is uncontrolled, a riding surface must on the one hand conduct excess water into the ground, and on the other hand store as much water as possible during long dry periods so that it remains elastic.
Organic contamination is the enemy of all footings, as in the long term they block the water-conducting layer and lead to the formation of mud and sludge. Therefore, your outdoor riding area should also be easily accessible and be able to be driven on by maintenance machinery.
High shear strength, good shock absorption – a riding surface must often fulfill many contradictory functions. The health of horse and rider should stand in

########
Rank: 6
Score: 22.921762
Retrieved Text: EVT Power technology features Three Dimensional High Surface Area. With 4.5 times higher surface area, it increases 80% more Utilization Efficiency. With the enhanced electric contact with and among paste particles during discharge, this unique structure can achieve the same performance compared to the conventional lead acid battery with 35% Less Lead Active Material usage.
In this case, a battery with the same capacity costs less to produce, and it becomes substantially lighter and smaller. The result is: dramatically increased Power/Energy Density.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 22.603436
Retrieved Text: Tissue that is specialized to conduct electrical signals from one structure in the body to another structure is __________ tissue.
Which type of epithelium consists of multiple layers of cells?
a general function can sometimes be predicted based on the structural adaptations.
increased surface area for absorption, communication, or exchange.
Which of the following statements regarding negative feedback is false?
it explains why an animal may salivate when it sees food.
Which of these animals typically has the highest metabolic rate?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 22.135565
Retrieved Text: Active Global Inc. manufactures and delivers of Eco-Friendly premium high quality specialized and standard grade Char coal base powder activated carbon PAC.
PAC Activated carbon powder is an adsorbent predominantly amorphous solid that has an extraordinarily large internal surface area and pore volume. These unique characteristics are responsible for its adsorptive properties, Activated carbon is usually made from Charcoal base this product is made from high quality raw material, Activated carbon is a porous material that removes organic compounds from liquids and gases by a process known as "adsorption."
Thermal activation method and Chemical food grade acids activation method a variety of refined from process Charcoal activated carbon, has a large specific surface area, high activity, pore developed, strong decolorizing power, structure increased surface area on mesopores and microspores of activated carbon makes the material suitable for good adsorption, a process by which impurities in substances The characteristics, can have a large variety of material such as the adsorption of the liquid color and impurities removal in many types of applications.
1. High surface area characterized by a large proportion of mesopores and macrospores.
2. Standard grade raw material.
e) Oil Refineries & other applications.
M B Value 200-320 MBV mg /gm.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.805891
Retrieved Text: The most fun you'll find in a one deck structure! The South Fork boasts a challenging 4' Vine Climber and an exciting 4' Straight Slide. The Window Panel adds sensory play while giving caregivers increased visibility to the structure. Three ground level music components ensure that children of all abilities will enjoy this structure. Finally, the nature-themed roof helps keeps kids cool as they explore the South Fork. This structure meets ADA guidelines and is commercially compliant with ASTM & CSPC. A ground spike surface mount is included with the structure, but an anchor bolt surface mount or in-ground mounting kit can be purchased separately. The posts are 13-gauge galvanized steel tube and powdercoated. The plastics are heavy-duty rotomolded & blow molded components. Critical fall height is 4'0” The perfect easy-install, commercially compliant and budget-conscious solution for early childhood centers, churches and apartment complexes! Assembly required. Truck delivery.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.51751
Retrieved Text: Buy Structure and Surface Reactions of Soil Particles by Pan Ming Huang, Hardback, India Online Bookstore: LeBooks.in - We too love books!
Last 5 viewed books » Structure and Surf..
The IUPAC Series on Analytical and Physical Chemistry of Environmental Systems provides the scientific community with a critical evaluation of the state of the art on physicochemical structures and reactions in environmental systems, as well as on the analytical techniques required to study and monitor these systems. The series is aimed at promoting rigorous analysis and understanding of physicochemical functioning of environmental systems.
Soils are a major component of the ecosystem. A fundamental awareness of soil structures and processes at the molecular and microscopic level is therefore essential to understanding and regulating the behaviour of environmental systems and the circulation and impact of anthropogenic compounds. Structure and Surface Reactions of Soil Particles addresses the basics of structure and surface reactions of both soil particles and colloids and describes their characterization and properties. New approaches using fractal analysis of particle dimensions, aggregation and surface reactions, computer modelling of the structure and reactivity of humics and applications of atomic force microscopy are given special treatment. Advanced instrumentation for analysis of soil particles which help to model the processes in the soil are also reviewed. Structure and Surface Reactions of Soil Particles is the definitive guide to the analysis of soils for chemists and biologists working in environmental analysis and soil chemists studying the effect of landfills and working on soil restoration.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.457891
Retrieved Text: Won’t the pavement crack when freezing temperatures are reached?
A permeable design encompasses not just a structural design but also a hydraulic one. This design would be based on many factors such as the design storm event ground permeability and total area to be drained from. This would then normally determine the required thickness of the attenuation layer. (This is basically a storage layer made up of an aggregate with 30-40% voids). It is in this layer that the water would sit, not within the structure of the permeable surface layer so if the water was to freeze it would not have any detrimental effect on this.
Won’t the pavement become blocked by dirt and therefore not work after a while?
Topmix Permeable has an average permeability rate of 36,000mm/hr. The minimum required permeability rates will vary greatly according to local climate conditions, but as an approximate guide, the average permeability required to cope with a 100-year storm event is 300mm/hr. As the permeability rate of this material is so great, there would have to be an unrealistic amount of dirt applied to the surface for the pavement to cease functioning effectively. It is recommended that permeable paving must still be able to function effectively when blocked by up to 95%.
We wouldn’t recommend that Topmix Permeable is used in areas which are going to be used for activities such as stockpiling sawdust or in areas where there will be heavy silt loads eg large recycling centres but is suitable for most other applications.
Will this material be susceptible to sinkholes?
Sinkholes

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.442892
Retrieved Text: Zhang, J., Zhang, W., and Zhang, Y. (2015). "Pore structure characteristics of activated carbon fibers derived from poplar bark liquefaction and their use for adsorption of Cu(II)," BioRes. 10(1), 566-574.
In this work, wood bark was liquefied to prepare activated carbon fibers, which were obtained through melt-spinning, stabilization, carbonizing, and stream activation. The effects of varying activation temperature on the pore structure and the adsorption capacity of the liquefied wood bark activated carbon fibers (LWBACFs) were studied using analysis of nitrogen adsorption-desorption isotherms and static adsorption of copper (II) ions from aqueous solution. The results indicated that higher specific surface area was obtained as the activation temperature increased. The specific surface area reached a maximum of 1962 m2/g with an average pore diameter of approximately 2 nm. Carbonization at 200 °C played an important role in the formation of pore structure. The adsorption of copper by LWBACFs was high, with a peak of 15 mg/g. All parameters showed that LWBACFs performed well in the adsorption of micropores.
Wood bark, one of the most common types of biomass resources, is a forestry residue of great importance.The gross production of wood in China reached 81 million m3 last year, of which wood bark accounted for 10%. This consumption has resulted in an increase in wood bark stock every year. Currently, wood bark is disposed of via burning or waste disposal, generating atmospheric pollutants harmful to the environment and to human health. This has led to a huge waste of wood bark. Wood bark contains biomass fibers with a porous capillary

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.37885
Retrieved Text: Serel Design Team, the project leader of the awarded work Serel Poseidon EasyWash - Toilet Bowl by Serel Design Team points out, By completely dominating cleaning water, Serel produced a solution that washes interior surface of toilet bowl and also eliminates problem of channel part and does not splash. Toilet bowl was freed from its traditional recesses and designed with the idea of absence of any detail that will create difficulty of cleaning on the structure in order to cancel out the problems in channel cleaning. Fully functioning with 4,5 liters and providing 25 percent water saving, it also does not show dirt, prevents bacterial growth and is easy to clean due to its surface technology Hygiene plus..

########
Rank: 14
Score: 21.331131
Retrieved Text: Pulsed electromagnetic field technology is an exciting branch of science falling under the category of "quantum physics". It is a form of "energy medicine" which enhances any living being's ability to employ "low frequency" electromagnetic energy to achieve internal balance (homeostasis) This is accomplished by "naturally" accelerating the body's mechanism of healing.
PEMF therapy introduces a low frequency pulsed electro-magnetic field (PEMF) that recharges the cells of the body, allowing them to float freely, increasing their effective functioning surface area and consequently enhancing circulation, oxygenation and hydration. At the same time cellular ability to absorb nutrients and remove toxins from the body is greatly increased.
One of these reactions is the stimulation of the production of nitric oxide, which is required in promoting the growth of new blood vessels and capillaries. As blood flow to a weakened area is improved, reduced inflammation and pain occurs. With proper nutrition, function is restored, and improved quality of life follows.
Animals are typically more sensitive to PEMF than humans and very positively respond when PEMF is used to assist in their recovery from a wide variety of health challenges.
Healing is expedited by as much as 40% with PEMF. Recovery from spaying and other surgeries or internal or external injuries is advanced.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 21.27362
Retrieved Text: Microneedle mesotherapy is a treatment with potent anti-aging action, which gives immediate, clearly visible results by the technique of inducing inflammatory micro-erections and the ability of skin to regenerate and improving selective permeability to biologically active substances. With micro-injections and regeneration using a cocktail of active ingredients, it energize natural processes in the skin and, in particular increase the production of collagen and elastin fibers.
Microneedle mesotherapy is an innovative method for skin regeneration as a visible rejuvenation, based on two main types of activity. The first is to stimulate self-healing processes of the skin. Microneedle stimulate the activity of fibroblasts which causes the increased production of collagen, elastin and glycosaminoglycans (including hyaluronic acid). The synthesis of these components helps to thicken the skin. By using the micro-injections , hundreds of microtubules are being formed, which breaks the epidermal barrier, allowing the penetration of the active ingredients from the regenerating cocktail to the deeper layers of the skin. During the treatment, micro-injections absorption is increased up to 1000 times. This is very important because the composition of the cocktail consist of substances such as growth factors, amino acids, vitamins, minerals and DNA. They all play a key role in the induction of collagen and elastin, support the repair processes of the skin, greatly improve its hydration, provide antioxidant protection and accelerate cell renewal. They also have anti-inflammatory and anti-allergic properties.
To perform micro-injections we use sterile cartridges of different lengths of microneedles from 0.25 mm to 2 mm. In the first case, the depth of micro-injections is only

########
Rank: 16
Score: 21.225676
Retrieved Text: A riparian zone or riparian area is the interface between land and a river or stream. Riparian is also the proper nomenclature for one of the fifteen terrestrial biomes of the earth.
Plant habitats and communities along the river margins and banks are called riparian vegetation, characterized by hydrophilic plants.
Riparian zones are significant in ecology, environmental management, and civil engineering because of their role in soil conservation, their habitat biodiversity, and the influence they have on fauna and aquatic ecosystems, including grassland, woodland, wetland or even non-vegetative. In some regions the terms riparian woodland, riparian forest, riparian buffer zone, or riparian strip are used to characterize a riparian zone. The word "riparian" is derived from Latin ripa, meaning river bank. The riparian is an important feature of a wetland because it allows characterization of the wetland's overall health.
Riparian zones may be natural or engineered for soil stabilization or restoration. These zones are important natural biofilters, protecting aquatic environments from excessive sedimentation, polluted surface runoff and erosion. They supply shelter and food for many aquatic animals and shade that is an important part of stream temperature regulation. When riparian zones are damaged by construction, agriculture or silviculture, biological restoration can take place, usually by human intervention in erosion control and revegetation. If the area adjacent to a watercourse has standing water or saturated soil for as long as a season, it is normally termed a wetland because of its hydric soil characteristics. Because of their prominent role in supporting a diversity of species, riparian zones are often the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 21.192907
Retrieved Text: Transition metal carbides (TMCs), e.g., nickel carbide (Ni3C), molybdenum carbide (Mo2C), and tungsten carbide (WC), can exhibit metallic conductivity with outstanding thermal and mechanical stability, making them a popular category of substrate for noble metal catalysts, e.g., platinum (Pt), gold (Au), palladium(Pd), and alloys of such elements. In addition, the TMCs themselves are excellent catalysts with performance challenging noble metals in some applications. Solution phase synthesis is widely used for preparing complex nanostructures. However, for Ni3C, only a few cases have been reported, including morphologies such as dots, spheres and multipods. Accessible surface area, along with intrinsic catalytic activity, determines the performance of materials in catalytic applications. Here we report a hierarchical structure of Ni3C with significantly increased specific surface area. The nanostructure is synthesized via the thermal decomposition of an organometallic nickel precursor. The NCs initially form as a Ni3C1-x solid solution. As the reaction proceeds, HCP nickel is gradually carburized into rhombohedral Ni3C. A typical hierarchical nanocrystal (HNC) consists of one core, many radial branches, and hexagonal platelet “caps” on the end of most branches. We conclude that the displacement causing stacking faults is in (0 0 1) planes in each branch, which is common for hexagonal lattices. To optimize the synthesis of HNCs and provide insights into the steps producing the HNCs, we conducted time-dependent growth experiments. These show a sequence of events in which NCs evolve from aggregates of primary particles, from which “buds”, then branches grow. Finally hexagonal “caps” grow on the end of the branches producing a hierarchical structure on

########
Rank: 18
Score: 21.10944
Retrieved Text: Alongside silicon, gallium plays a major role in our modern technological world as a semiconductor component. It is a unique metal with many interesting properties, including how it melts.
Normal metals, such as alumunium or silver, melt at very high temperatures (650–950◦ C). A chunk of gallium metal, however, will melt in the human hand, needing less than body heat (37◦ C) to liquefy. At the nanoscale the intrigue continues: compared to larger chunks, smaller bits of matter typically melt at lower temperatures owing to a greater percentage of surface area which is more susceptible to temperature. However, a minuscule amount of gallium (tens of atoms, deemed a “nanocluster") remains solid at more than 250◦ C (the highest oven setting). The origin of this strange “greater-than-bulk" melting phenomenon has long remained a mystery, making it difficult to technologically exploit.
Dr Krista G. Steenbergen (Massey University, Albany) and Dr Nicola Gaston (Victoria University of Wellington) have recently unlocked the secret to greater- than-bulk melting of gallium nanoclusters.  Through an extensive series of computational simulations and analysis on NeSI’s Pan and Foster systems, they discovered a counterintuitive quasi-two-dimensional (quasi-2D) liquid structure in nanoscale gallium. At the nanoscale, typical liquids adopt a spherical geometry as this geometry minimises the surface area. In gallium however, liquid nanoclusters prefer a flattened-elongated, quasi-2D structure that actually maximises the surface area. Intriguingly, these quasi-2D liquid structures are stable despite a strong energetic preference for spherical shapes (see illustration).
To explain this anomaly, the researchers compared these small clusters to the highly stable surface structure of

########
Rank: 19
Score: 21.101648
Retrieved Text: A Nobel Prize was awarded to Niels Ryberg Finsen over 100 years ago for his advancements in the use of red light therapy in treating smallpox and lupus outbreaks in the late 1890’s. More recently, leading scientists and physicians have been learning and advancing the use of laser-based light therapy for multiple practical health applications – including wound healing in zero gravity to expedite the healing process for astronauts. Far out? No, down-to-earth!
Reduces pain by increasing endorphin production, a natural pain killer.
Reduces inflammation-suppresses enzymes that create swelling, redness, and pain, and boosts the release of anti-inflammatory enzymes.
Cellular regeneration- by stimulating the mitochondria within the cell, ATP production is increased. Increased ATP production allows damaged cells to accept nutrients quicker and to eliminate toxins.
Anti-viral properties- increase antibody production in the blood stream to allow the body to fight off viruses.
Increases Collagen production- A primary protein vital to the structure of tendons, bones, skin, teeth and cartilage.
Regulates Serotonin levels-Serotonin acts as a mediator of inflammation and allergic reactions. It plays an important role in blood clotting, stimulating a strong heart beat, initiating sleep and fighting depression. It also stimulates the smooth stomach in the intestinal wall.
Stimulates acupuncture & acupressure points encourages the body to induce natural healing and improves functioning.
Balances Chi-chi is life force energy, without it living creatures would die.
Unblocks meridian lines, channels of energy run in patterns through the body and on its surface. These energy channels, called meridians, are like plant roots that feed through the body to irrigate and nourish the tissues. An obstruction

########
Rank: 20
Score: 21.097075
Retrieved Text: StarBoard Link EZ turns any dry erase board or surface into a fully functioning Interactive Whiteboard. Easy to set up. Easy to use. Attach your StarBoard Link EZ system to any flat surface, connect it to a computer, connect the computer to a projector, a quick set-up routine and you are ready to start teaching with a fully functioning IWB.
StarBoard Link EZ secures to any flat surface in minutes to transform a static wall into an interactive environment. The size of active area is adjustable, from 45'' if the surface is limited, to 90'' for the rooms where a bigger size of projection and work space is required. Use your finger, stylus or any object to easily navigate through activities, websites, and multi-media content. Use your finger to annotate, fist to scroll and two fingers to erase or zoom in and out.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 21.000626
Retrieved Text: Whether your living space is an enchanting studio flat with cozy proportions, an eye-catching contemporary penthouse with architectural flair, or an opulent mansion of immense grandeur – having adequate and visually appealing storage options for your clothing is a key consideration when creating an interior design plan for the sleeping area of your home. From the early years of its inception, the time-honored dresser has been a multifaceted structure of absolute elegance and was traditionally known as a woman’s dressing table serving as a divine vanity bureau with a stunning reflective mirror attachment and an open flat top surface for beauty essentials, while functioning as a stylish garment containment system for lingerie, folded attire, linens, and other personal items. Built with a skillful hand upon the pulse of consumer necessity, precise attention to detail, unparalleled artistry, and thoughtful examination and review for its designation, this classic example of lavish conveyance adorns any environment with its utilitarian harmony. Custom order your dresser to match or contrast the character of your bed, nightstands, chest, and armoire with the hardware of your choice accentuating each drawer, a finish that expresses your unique attitude, and a size that fits within the specific dimensions of your bed chamber.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.938719
Retrieved Text: dc.identifier.citation Kim W, Choi S, Nair S (2011) Swelling, Functionalization, and Structural Changes of the Nanoporous Layered Silicates AMH-3 and MCM-22. Langmuir 27: 7892–7901. Available: http://dx.doi.org/10.1021/la200851j.
dc.description.abstract Nanoporous layered silicate materials contain 2D-planar sheets of nanoscopic thickness and ordered porous structure. In comparison to porous 3D-framework materials such as zeolites, they have advantages such as significantly increased surface area and decreased diffusion limitations because the layers can potentially be exfoliated or intercalated into polymers to form nanocomposite materials. These properties are particularly interesting for applications as materials for enhancing molecular selectivity and throughput in composite membranes. In this report, the swelling and surface modification chemistry of two attractive nanoporous layered silicate materials, AMH-3 and MCM-22, were studied. We first describe a method, using long-chain diamines instead of monoamines, for swelling of AMH-3 while preserving its pore structure to a greater extent during the swelling process. Then, we describe a stepwise functionalization method for functionalizing the layer surfaces of AMH-3 and MCM-22 via silane condensation reactions. The covalently attached hydrocarbon chain molecules increased the hydrophobicity of AMH-3 and MCM-22 layer surfaces and therefore allow the possibility of effectively dispersing these materials in polymer matrices for thin film/membrane applications. © 2011 American Chemical Society.
dc.description.sponsorship This publication is based on work supported by Award No. KUS-I1-011-21, made by King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST). The authors thank Dr. J. Leisen and Prof. W. J. Koros (Georgia Tech) for useful discussions.
A highly crystalline layered silicate with three-dimensionally microporous layers.
Layer structure preservation during swelling, pillaring, and exfoliation of a zeolite

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.788267
Retrieved Text: THE STOCK MARKET is today a place of uncertainty. Investing in the stock market for security for one’s future is not as sound an investment as it once was. So, what should our patients invest in for a good return? Teeth and oral health!
Good oral health is a sound investment, for the cost of dental treatment only goes up. The cost of a crown is more today than it was last year. Therefore, a crown went up in value. The crown that your patient has will probably last for more than ten years if not twenty years or thirty years; thus its replacement value will increase. Therefore, the original crown’s worth will have increased to its replacement value. A patient who waited to have the restorative treatment would have had to spend more money to have the crown fabricated. If the patient had bought stocks, the stock’s worth might have increased in value and replacement value—but it might have declined in value and replacement value. Thus, the investment in dental restorations should be viewed as the wiser investment, for its replacement value will have increased while the stock’s value is uncertain, fluctuating and possibly decreasing.
Not only are dental restorations a prudent investment monetarily, but they also are an investment in oneself by maintaining one’s oral health. Patients often overlook the importance of dentition and its supporting structure. It’s our insistence that good oral health is important not only for our patients’ dentition but also for our patients’ general health and well-being. A good smile is important

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.776333
Retrieved Text: Simpson Strong-Tie connectors make projects easier to build while making them stronger and safer. They are engineered and tested to perform and are manufactured to the highest quality standards. Whether working on a home project or building a structure to comply with building codes, go with the choice of engineers and contractors, go with genuine Simpson Strong-Tie connectors. The CPS is a Composite Plastic Standoff designed for increased concrete surface area. It also keeps moisture away from the bottom of the post.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.69723
Retrieved Text: Effective design, maximum safety. This is Virtuoso Fix.
Virtuoso Fix is an elegant tablet stand, fixed permanently to the surface. Closed casing provides maximum safety of a tablet, whereas its effective design makes the stand an aesthetic enrichment to every interior.
The structure of the stand enables setting a tablet at different angles easily and safely, without having to remove it.
Effortless tablet insertion and secure functioning provided by a key lock.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.693428
Retrieved Text: Jun 21, 2018 ... Sodium fluoride dissolves easily in water, and is commonly used in fluoride ... creates two toxic fluoride gases: hydrogen fluoride and silicon tetrafluoride. .... The two primary media types are activated alumina and bone char.
Nov 30, 2015 ... media that are both low cost and sourced from locally available materials has resulted in the ... including silica gel, sodium silicate and ferric salts. Despite 80 years of ... Water Treatment Technologies for Fluoride (F´) Removal.
Additionally, your Santevia alkaline water filter will work not just to purify your tap .... Firmly press the Filter into the Pitcher until you feel it seat properly into the ... Run water through the top of your 5 Stage Filter/Fluoride Filter until the water ... The two silicon washers and the Pre Filter nut are pre installed on the Filter itself.
Carbon filtering is a method of filtering that uses a bed of activated carbon to remove contaminants and impurities, using chemical adsorption. Each particle, or granule, of carbon provides a large surface area, or pore structure, allowing contaminants the maximum possible exposure to the active sites within the filter media. ... functioning on barium, calcium, potassium, magnesium, sodium, and silicon.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.684793
Retrieved Text: Seagrass and associated bio-resources are very important for swan’s overwintering in Swan Lake in Rongcheng of Shandong Peninsula of China. The seagrass distribution changes, which are usually affected by the regional human activities, can indirectly affect swan’s habitat. In this study the satellite remote sensing data in years 1979–2009 together with in-situ observations in recent years were used to examine the seagrass distribution changes in Swan Lake. The band ratio of band 1 to band 2, Lyzenga’s methods and band synthesize of band 1, band 2 and band 3 were used for seagrass retrieval. The band ratio of band 1 to band 2 with ranges greater than 4.5 was used for estimating the seagrass coverage greater than 50%. Results showed that in years 1979–1990 seagrass coverage greater than 50% occupied more than half of the surface area of Swan Lake. In years 2000–2005, the total area with seagrass distributions reduced greatly, only about one sixth to one fourth of Swan Lake’s surface area. After 2005, the seagrass area in Swan Lake increased gradually and occasionally was greater than one third of the total surface area of the Lake. It was shown that human activities such as the dam and fish pond establishment and the awareness of seagrass importance and protected actively result in the seagrass distributions changes in Swan Lake which decreased first and then increased afterwards.
Oil and gas companies need to ensure continuous operation of critical equipment, no matter how remote. This means knowing exactly where your fleets and equipment are, how they are performing

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.68057
Retrieved Text: An apparatus includes a waveguide, a magnetic pole, and a near-field transducer. The near field transducer is positioned at or near a media-facing surface. The near-field transducer is operatively coupled to the waveguide. The near-field transducer includes an enlarged region. The near-field transducer also includes a peg region extending from the enlarged region towards the media-facing surface. The peg region is separated from the magnetic pole. The near-field transducer also includes a structure positioned between the magnetic pole and the peg region. The structure is separated from the peg region by a gap. The structure extends from the enlarged region towards the media-facing surface. The structure is configured to extend generation of surface plasmons toward the magnetic pole.
1. An apparatus comprising: a waveguide; a magnetic pole; and a near-field transducer positioned at or near a media-facing surface and operatively coupled to the waveguide, the near-field transducer comprising: an enlarged region; a peg region extending from the enlarged region towards the media-facing surface, the peg region separated from the magnetic pole; and a structure positioned between the magnetic pole and the peg region and separated from the peg region by a gap, the structure extending from the enlarged region towards the media-facing surface and configured to extend generation of surface plasmons toward the magnetic pole.
2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the structure is a metallic structure.
3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the structure comprises one or more of Ag and Au.
4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the gap is filled with a dielectric material.
5.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.628122
Retrieved Text: An anaerobic filter is a fixed-bed biological reactor with one or more filtration chambers in series. As wastewater flows through the filter, particles are trapped and organic matter is degraded by the active biomass that is attached to the surface of the filter material.
With this technology, suspended solids and BOD removal can be as high as 90%, but is typically between 50% and 80%. Nitrogen removal is limited and normally does not exceed 15% in terms of total nitrogen (TN).
Pre- and primary treatment is essential to remove solids and garbage that may clog the filter. The majority of settleable solids are removed in a sedimentation chamber in front of the anaerobic filter. Small-scale stand-alone units typically have an integrated settling compartment, but primary sedimentation can also take place in a separate Settler or another preceding technology (e.g., existing Septic Tanks). Designs without a settling compartment are of particular interest for (Semi-) Centralized Treatment plants that combine the anaerobic filter with other technologies, such as the Anaerobic Baffled Reactor (ABR).
Anaerobic filters are usually operated in upflow mode because there is less risk that the fixed biomass will be washed out. The water level should cover the filter media by at least 0.3 m to guarantee an even flow regime. The hydraulic retention time (HRT) is the most important design parameter influencing filter performance. An HRT of 12 to 36 hours is recommended.
The ideal filter should have a large surface area for bacteria to grow, with pores large enough to prevent clogging. The surface area ensures increased contact

================



======= Instance Index 14 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are 40 cm or or 30 cm ):

The farther you stretch the band, the greater the resistance is.


Jim is playing with a rubber band by stretching and releasing it. Would he feel less resistance stretching the band to 40 cm or or 30 cm?

Target Text: 30 cm

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 56.112736
Retrieved Text: Studies have shown that less flexible runners have greater running economy. With so much focus on the importance of stretching you may be wondering how this makes sense. Why stretch if it decreases running economy and why is running economy improved if you are less flexible? Is stretching making us slower runners?
To understand why flexibility can be detrimental to running economy we need to understand what is meant by flexibility and how the elastic property of muscles and tendons can be taken advantage of to improve our ability to run.
The studies measured passive or static flexibility. Static flexibility is what most people think of when they think of stretching – ie reaching forward and holding a stretch. Passive range of movement is where somebody moves your limbs for you to see how much range of movement you have.
It is obvious when watching middle distance runners on a track that they have good flexibility. Their large stride length and the way their heels come up and almost kick their butts indicates flexibility greater than average. The flexibility they possess is dynamic and is very different to static or passive flexibility.
Muscles and tendons can be stretched in a similar way to a rubber band. Once they have been stretched they can “spring” forward in the same way a rubber band does when released. In running the energy required to stretch the band comes from momentum, gravity and landing forces so is essentially free, i.e. at no cost to the body.
However unlike a rubber band, the time between stretching

########
Rank: 1
Score: 51.668827
Retrieved Text: I heard my Jiu Jitsu instructor say this recently and it stuck with me, despite its drastic simplicity. Think about it. A rubber band (or “rubber binder,” depending on where you grew up), whether it is stretched or unstretched is the same thing, yet its level of usefulness changes entirely when a human imposes his or her will on it. When stretched, it is immediately made useful, given purpose, and directed to meet some specific objective. It is the act of stretching and creating tension – it is this act – that brings this tool from useless to useful. A rubber band can’t be useful without deliberate action.
Similarly, the components of life work in the same way. Our character and our mind both rely on action to be made useful. Action is the only differentiator and the intent to act is not enough. These functions of our self-being (character and mind) left dormant can be rendered useless. Behold the image of a young genius who, instead of reading, learning, and out experiencing life, is sadly cooped up in a cold, dark basement playing computer games and eating potato chips, wasting his potential. He is rendered useless despite his ability and opportunity to be stretched, to grow, and to be made useful. Although his intentions are good, they aren’t enough.
The intent to volunteer is useless, but actually volunteering is useful.
A to-do list is useless unless some purposeful to-do’s are achieved and checked off, then it becomes useful.
Thinking about praying or meditating does not bring the benefits of

########
Rank: 2
Score: 49.96299
Retrieved Text: I also use Pilates Anytime and love that I can pick mat workouts that have a specific duration, focus, and tempo.
Resistance Loops are amazing for strengthening your hips and glutes, which are so important for the health of your ankles, knees, hips, and low back. I only travel with the red (heavy) one. Do not overestimate the power of this little band. In just 10 minutes you can feel the burn and will feel it the next day. Check out my Fit Friday Glutes Workout (this can also be done without the resistance loop) for a killer workout!
The stretching strap is so great for even the laziest stretch-session. After a long day of travel and sitting on a plane or in a car, this strap is my best friend. I typically will lie on my hotel bed, watching TV, and I stretch one leg at a time (hamstrings, inner thigh, IT band). Stretching is something that I notice the most if I do not do it — especially when I am traveling. My low back is the first to feel it (I know, I am such a grandma) and stretching is the best thing to loosen it up.
The resistance tube is probably one of my favorite pieces of workout equipment (even when I am not traveling). I love resistance bands because as you contract your muscle, the band has more resistance and as you release the tension in the band decreases, creating leaner, longer muscles. I love the resistance tubes because I can workout my upper

########
Rank: 3
Score: 49.27966
Retrieved Text: When you experience a hand injury or arthritis in your hands, simple motions like pointing or curling the fingers can be difficult. Regular exercises to strengthen the muscles in the fingers can improve range of motion and reduce pain in the finger joints. One method to increase the intensity of these exercises is use of strong rubber bands wrapped around the hand. The rubber band can help your fingers move as one or create resistance to strengthen your hand muscles.
Use a wide, strong rubber band that will fit securely around your fingers. Place the band over your fingers at your knuckles. Resist against the band to expand your fingers, stretching them out as far as you possibly can. Do not, however, stretch them to the point of pain. Hold this position for three to five seconds, then slowly control the fingers in as you return to your starting position. Repeat throughout the day, first performing at least 50 repetitions. As your fingers become stronger, you should work your way up to performing 200 repetitions.
Wrap a wide rubber band around your hand and stretch your fingers out with your hand lying flat on a table. Resist against the rubber band to lift your pinkie finger. Hold the finger in the air for three to five seconds. Repeat with each finger, including your thumb. Now go in the opposite direction, beginning with the thumb and working your way over to your pinkie. Repeat on the opposite hand, then rest your hands.
With the wide rubber band wrapped around your

########
Rank: 4
Score: 47.956776
Retrieved Text: Set of 3 – 3 Levels Hip Resistance Bands Circle Loop Workout Warmups Squats Mobility Stretching Hips Glutes Quad Hams Activation Strength For Crossfit Training Powerlifting Weightlifting – Works as designed and well built.
This Lovotex that is ranked 4227 in the list of the top-selling products from Amazon. The Set of 3 – 3 Levels Hip Resistance Bands Circle Loop Workout Warmups Squats Mobility Stretching Hips Glutes Quad Hams Activation Strength For Crossfit Training Powerlifting Weightlifting are warranted according to the standard of the manufacturer. Product here are very good, at reasonable prices and are rapidly transported: Usually ships in 24 hours.
If you have been looking for a cheap stretch band reviews, this Set of 3 – 3 Levels Hip Resistance Bands Circle Loop Workout Warmups Squats Mobility Stretching Hips Glutes Quad Hams Activation Strength For Crossfit Training Powerlifting Weightlifting is the best cheapest price this week. The product is well appreciated by customers. The Lovotex is equipped with a large number of features that makes it great product. There’s a special offer on Lovotex this week, and buying now can save you a significant amount of money.
What are the Pros and Cons of the Set of 3 – 3 Levels Hip Resistance Bands Circle Loop Workout Warmups Squats Mobility Stretching Hips Glutes Quad Hams Activation Strength For Crossfit Training Powerlifting Weightlifting?
I have found most affordable price of Set of 3 – 3 Levels Hip Resistance Bands Circle Loop Workout Warmups Squats Mobility Stretching Hips Glutes Quad Hams Activation Strength For Crossfit Training Powerlifting Weightlifting from

########
Rank: 5
Score: 47.42707
Retrieved Text: The Resistance Band Exercises DVD is a series of the most effective resistance band exercises.
A premium, commercial quality resistance tube with foam padded handles.
This covered tube prevents over-stretching and dangerous recoiling if the tubing breaks. Lasts longer than traditional tubes.
This product is only recommended for individuals who are taller than 6ft. Resistance tubes with protective sleeves. Lasts longer than traditional tubes.
A bungee cord shrouded in a double fabric protection sleeve. Available in two lengths. Safety covering offers peace of mind from dangerous situations.
The Workoutz figure-8 resistance band has many uses: stretching, functional training, rehabilitation, strength training, pilates, and more.
Create your own customer resistance band or use as a replacement. Works with most ankle cuffs, handles, straps, etc.
Workoutz bulk tubing 25 feet rolls. Create your own custom resistance tubing lengths. Great for special applications. Can be cut with scissors.
Create your own custom resistance tubing lengths. 100 total feet of tubing (four 25ft rolls).
The most widely researched resistance band. Clinically proven to improve strength, range of motion, and balance.
Fifty yards (150 feet) of bulk latex band roll packed in a convenient dispenser box. Cut to any length with scissors.
Great for rehabilitation, strength training, yoga, stretching, and more. 4 feet length by 5.5 inches wide.
150 total feet. Can be cut with scissors. Great for rehabilitation, strength, stretching, and more.
Our best selling resistance tube! Great quality. Designed for commercial use. Deep discounts for bulk orders. Workoutz brand.
The Rip Trainer employs an innovative resistance cord system to create a variable, unbalanced load.
Suggested for "extra wide" steps. Improve strength in the hip

########
Rank: 6
Score: 47.319332
Retrieved Text: The OraStretch press dynamic bands work with the OraStretch press device to provide dynamic stretching or active resistance therapy. Made of silicon, they do not lose tension over time or with use.
Each pack comes with 3 bands. You can increase or decrease the number of bands used for more or less stretching and resistance. To use the bands, add one or more bands to the handle of the OraStretch press behind the finger rest. The farther back the band is the more resistance created, and the more bands on the handle, the more resistance. Start with one and add bands over time to test what resistance you require.
Squeeze the handles together, and place 1 band on the back of the OraStretch press handles.
Squeeze the mouthpieces together and insert them into the mouth against the teeth. Let go of the mouthpieces with your hands, and allow the dynamic bands to hold the OraStretch press in your mouth for 5 minutes.
Squeeze the mouthpieces together and remove from the mouth. Add a second band to the back of the OraStretch press, and repeat a 5 minute hold in the mouth. Remove.
Try to build up to 3 bands on the OraStretch press handles, and to an overall time of 30 minutes of stretching each session.
Repeat each session 3 times per day.
Place 2-3 bands on the back of the OraStretch press handles.
Insert the OraStretch press with dynamic bands into the mouth. Hold for 30 minutes. Remove.
Repeat 3 times per day, for a total of 90 minutes dynamic stretching of the jaw.
I

########
Rank: 7
Score: 47.114902
Retrieved Text: Rubber Band is designed to satisfy the need for a sanely licensed time-stretching library that sounds good enough for general musical use and also meets the many other requirements that make it useful in practical applications.
The ability to cope with extreme ratios.
Not all of these are possible at once: for example, it isn't possible to be sample-exact when running in strict real-time mode, although Rubber Band gets fairly close. We like to meet the laws of physics half-way.
Rubber Band performs better in most of these respects than many competing proprietary time-stretching libraries.
Rubber Band is suitable for most musical uses with its default settings, from percussive loops to individual instrument recordings and complete mixes, and it has an approachable range of options for fine tuning.
Rubber Band supports a true real-time, lock-free streaming mode, in which it allows the time and pitch scaling ratios to be freely adjusted during use.
Rubber Band also supports an offline mode, for situations in which all the audio data is available beforehand.
In offline mode, Rubber Band ensures that the output has exactly the right number of samples for the given stretch ratio.
Rubber Band's offline mode can take advantage of more than one processor core if available, when processing audio data with two or more channels – while retaining phase consistency across channels.
Rubber Band is tuned so as to work well with the default settings for any stretch ratio, from tiny fine adjustments to very extreme stretches.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 46.92599
Retrieved Text: Since then, she has been making and selling "ethical jewelry" by sourcing gems, seashells and other materials directly from their producers in Pakistan, Rwanda and other developing nations.
what would it actually be like if the Koch brothers owned a respected paper like the Los Angeles Times?
Video:Trying To Get Richer? Here's Why You Can Pretty Much Give Up Now.
American wealth distribution in the past 30 years: Imagine picking up a rubber band and stretching it. Now put that rubber band down immediately, because someone in the top 1% just bought that rubber band and every other rubber band on the planet.
Three Magic Words for a Wall Street Lobbyist: "Innovation," "Complexity" and "Liquidity"

########
Rank: 9
Score: 46.71088
Retrieved Text: Stand with arms extended forward at chest height, holding 1 end of band in each hand. Step left foot back and lower into a lunge. Twist torso over right leg and pull hands farther apart, stretching band. Return to start, then repeat on opposite side. Alternate sides with each rep.
Make it easier: Grab band near ends for less resistance.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 46.437305
Retrieved Text: The Gaynor Minden Flexibility Band is a great stretching and strengthening aid for dancers, providing a safe method of resistance training.
The continuous loop allows for hands-free stretching, and uses a seamless wrap technology for a smooth, comfortable surface.
This band is designed for older dancers (teens and up). It has a fairly strong resistance, and is generously sized to accommodate even dancers with very long legs (works great for men).

########
Rank: 11
Score: 46.406292
Retrieved Text: My husband, Kevin, and I are at an interesting place in our lives right now. We are the parents of a “tween” and a toddler, both of whom are a challenge standing alone; put them together, along with our 2 cats and dog, and we have the Lyons Den Cirque Du Soleil. Some days I really feel like I’m going to go out of my mind!
While I am in complete agreement that being a Mom is the highest privilege on the planet yielding the greatest rewards, there are some days I question myself “What was I thinking?” Any Mom who has had to deal with a toddler knows exactly what I am talking about. “Little humans” as I lovingly call them, are absolutely adorable one moment and terrorizing the kitchen cupboards the next. Tonight our precious blue-eyed blonde decided to dump Kevin’s cup of water all over my laptop. (Please do not ask me why a tall cup of water was sitting by a laptop….) Kevin was able to rescue my laptop before any emergency operations needed to be performed on it, thankfully, allowing me to blog about my day before I collapse into bed tonight.
I am being stretched. And while there are days that I would like to drop my responsibilities and hop on the nearest cruise ship leaving port, I wouldn’t trade one minute of being a Mom for the world. Seriously. I wouldn’t.
You can step on a rubber band and it doesn’t break. You can almost do anything you want to a rubber

########
Rank: 12
Score: 44.918922
Retrieved Text: Heat things up with this experiment. You can do it right where you’re sitting, right now. Try it!
Repeatedly stretch it out between your hands. Do this about 25 times, as rapidly as you can.
Gently press the rubber band or balloon to your chin or lips.
The rubber warmed up. The stretching created friction between the tiny, tiny molecules of rubber. The energy from your moving hands turned into heat energy inside the rubber that you could feel on your face.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 44.47316
Retrieved Text: Arthritis is one of the most common complications in people who have broken foot bones in the past. It’s also a leading cause of disability in America, as many people naturally develop arthritis joint inflammation throughout the body as they age. There is no reason to simply suffer through the aches and pains when daily exercises can improve mobility and make you feel much better. In addition to stretching, Everyday Health mentions 10 ways to relieve arthritis foot pain you may not have pondered.
WebMD recommends that you stand facing a wall, place your palms flat against the surface, and lean in with one foot forward and one foot back. Leave your heels on the floor to stretch out your Achilles tendon and calf muscles. Repeat this arthritis foot exercise three times, holding for 10 seconds each time.
Placing a thick rubber band around your big toes, pull them away from each other, toward your other toes. Hold this position for five seconds and repeat 10 times. Following this stretch, you can also place the rubber band around your smaller toes and spread them out, holding the position for five seconds per toe.
Try picking up marbles with your toes. Get those piggies wiggling! Who knows… maybe one day you will become a champion toe marble player. At the very least, you’ll work those complex tiny foot bones and prevent stiffness from disuse.
Sit on a chair and place a hand towel on the floor. Keep your heel on the ground and pick up the towel by grasping it in

########
Rank: 14
Score: 44.111423
Retrieved Text: Lots of people struggle with performing pull ups and end up contorting themselves, thereby doing more harm than good to their bodies. This is why a pull up assist band is the perfect addition to your pull up routine.
A Pull up assist band is designed to help people in performing pull ups with the right technique.
It is made up of a large rubber band that loops over your pull up bar and then hangs down to enable you place a foot or a knee on the other end.
The bands make it easy for to perform the pull ups, and focus on maintaining the correct position.
When thinking about how to use pull up bands, keep in mind that the bands come in different lengths and thickness. A shorter and thicker band will provide more resistance. It is also important to note that a band with a high resistance level will offer more assistance to you while you perform pull ups during your work out session.
This is one of the best pull up assist bands in 2018, made from high quality rubber. The bands are strong, reliable and have the ability to retain their shape even after a long period of time.
They are very important pieces of equipment for men and women that are not interested in assisted pull up and are trying to do unassisted reps while working out. Be it chin ups, ring dips and muscle ups, these assist bands are perfect for muscle development and a challenging work out that will push your body to

########
Rank: 15
Score: 43.727737
Retrieved Text: The Body-Solid Tools accessory line continues to expand with the introduction of the NEW Body-Solid Lifting Bands (BSTB1,2,3,4,5). Each Band is suited towards a particular fitness routine such as speed/agility training, jumping, flexibility, stretching, plyometrics, rehabilitation, and power lifting. These 41’ bands are a cost effective and simple way to add intensity to any training routine.
Why use lifting bands? Lifting bands offer a contrasting method in an exercise program where the weight resistance changes at different points in a lift. Using bands will make the weight increase through the concentric and eccentric portions of a lift that will result in greater speed and acceleration.
Not just for power lifters. The BSTB1 and BSTB2 are best used for general conditioning, stretching, rehabilitation, jumping, aerobics and for increased resistance towards bicep /tricep exercises. Either band works well for beginners and novice weightlifters.
For stronger bench presses and lower body exercises, the BSTB3 and BSTB4 work well.
For obtaining maximum resistance using squats, deadlifts, leg presses and shrugs, the BSTB5 is our top of the line band.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 43.72012
Retrieved Text: Black vector background image with a horizontal wave of silver gradient dots stretching backward into perspective like a rubber band. Perfect color scheme and feel for tech industry branding materials like business cards, envelopes or identity kit folders.
Tags: Business, Dots, Ellipse, Halftone, Modern, Spots, Squashed, Squeeze, Wavy.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 43.5188
Retrieved Text: Why Is It Important To Stretch? Ahhhhhh… That felt good. Stretching, has always been a vital component in workout plans whether you are playing football in the playground, or competing in an international level sporting event. You’ve probably heard your PE teacher or coach telling you to stretch before and after any type of exercise.
Have you wondered why stretching is so important? Probably the most common reason you’ve heard about stretching is that it prevents injuries. And while that is true, stretching is also important for many more reasons.
Before we get into ‘how to stretch’, it’s also probably good to know the key benefits of stretching, so you’d be more motivated to dedicate a few minutes before and after your exercise routine to stretch.
3 How do these stretches help for muscle growth?
Muscle strength is increased with each stretch as it expands your range of motion. Stretching also minimizes DOMs – Delayed Onset Muscle Soreness. You will feel less sore the following day if you’ve done some form of stretching right after your exercise. This will help you return to the gym much sooner, which results in faster muscle growth.
A study conducted in 1993 in the ‘Journal of Applied Physiology’, University of Texas discovered that stretching enhances muscle growth. The study was conducted on 26 quails that had their wings stretched out over 38 days. The result of the experiment showed that birds had an increase of 318 percent in muscle mass compared to birds with non-stretched wings.
With our increasingly sedentary lifestyles, more and more people now

########
Rank: 18
Score: 43.39869
Retrieved Text: POWER-WEB is 14" in diameter and weighs sixteen ounces. Its unique patented design allows a variety ..
Zenith Trainer Gripper from IronMind: Strength and Conditioning,s..
Zenith complements the Captains of Crush grippers line-it is a gripper designed specifically for dig..
yellow rubber bands, no-latex, 25 each This is the accessory â€œadditional latex-free elastic bandsâ..
WristWand stretching device is used to implement an easy, effective, and economical stretching progr..
The fastest growing Worker's Compensation claim category is upper extremity pain due to Repetitive S..
Green WristWand This unique upper body workout with fitness expert/author Joanie Greggains will stre..
The fastest growing Workers Compensation claim category is upper extremity pain due to Repetitive St..
Wrist Blaster - Forearm, Hand and Wrist Exerciser (2.5 Inches, Sp..
The Wrist Blaster by Core Prodigy is handmade in the USA. 2 water weights are included with the Wris..
Wood CanDo Dispens-a-Band Exercise Band Rack - 5 rolls, with 5 x ..
Wood CanDo Dispens-a-Band Exercise Band Rack - 5 rolls, with 5 x 50 yard Thera-Band latex set (yello..
Wood CanDo Dispens-a-Band Exercise Band Rack - 5 rolls, with 5 x 50 yard Thera-Band latex free set (..
Wood CanDo Dispens-a-Band Exercise Band Rack - 5 rolls, with 5 x 50 yard REP Band latex free set (pe..
WDL PERCUSSION HAMMER - INFANT SIZE - LENGTH 6 1/2" QTY: 1 Features : PERCUSSION HAMMER - INFANT SIZ..
Wakeman Portable Folding Fitness Pedal Stationary Under Desk Indo..
Burning calories and toning muscles has never been easier than with the Wakeman Portable Bike with C..
The Wakeman fitness Mini pedal exerciser provides a low impact exercise to help stimulate circulatio..

########
Rank: 19
Score: 43.3876
Retrieved Text: When one first starts learning how to fly catapult gliders the issue of launching handles is raised. Below are the AMA rules about launching and launching devices for Indoor Events and Outdoor Events.
6. Launching. Launching shall be appropriate to the class of model. In all cases, the launch shall be made with force sufficient to cause the glider to immediately gain altitude equal to three (3) times the flier’s height or half the available ceiling height, whichever is less. The model shall not be launched from a height greater than the flier’s normal reach above the floor.
a. Hand-Launching. The model shall be released into flight directly from the hands of the contestant, without other assistance.
b. Catapult Launching. The model is launched by stretching elastic band(s) between the hands of the contestant, with one end(s) firmly attached to a launching handle. The handle shall consist of a rigid dowel or similar device, with the elastic band(s) firmly attached. The launching handle (including the attachments for the elastic) shall not exceed six (6) inches in length, measured along the longest dimension. The handle may use padding or contoured grips for flier comfort. There is no limit to the length or sizes of the elastic bands. All launching apparatus must remain firmly attached to either the handle or the model during launch. There is no limit to the number of launching handles a contestant may use to complete his/her flights.
4. Launching. Launching shall be by means of a hand-held catapult, as described below. During launching, the contestant must hold

########
Rank: 20
Score: 43.383846
Retrieved Text: Water may be implemented in a variety of ways in a game, depending on what is needed. In this work-in-progress article, water will be implemented into a unity game by way of convex hulls, and the Graham’s Scan algorithm.
Imagine you have a set of nails hammered into a wooden board. Taking a rubber band and stretching it around all of the nails will create an outline of a convex polygon (no outside angle is less than 180 degrees). The points on the rubber band comprise the “Convex Hull” of the nails.
One may think of water as a large pool of points, repelling and attracting one another. By computing a convex hull of these points, we may draw a sloshing pool of water by creating a mesh from the hull.
Note: In case of a tie, use the leftmost point.
Note: Polar Coordinates are used for convenience– they make it easier to reason about angles and “orbits”.
Note: If there are ties, remove all but the furthest point from p0.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 43.19512
Retrieved Text: In every sport discipline training is focused on the development of strength and muscles needed for success. In extreme situations this can lead to creating big disproportions between muscle groups that we use for the given sport and the opposing muscle groups.
For climbers often seen examples of this phenomenon include arched fingers, shoulders and back. As a result many strong climber’s postures resemble those of cavemen with great tree climbing skills. Well developed and therefore shortened chest and rotator muscles pull the shoulders forward, while well developed abdomen muscles are not opposed enough by underdeveloped back muscles, which are not able to keep the back straight.
In general climbers have well developed all pulling muscles, since majority of climbing movement involves pull up type moves. Underdeveloped are generally all opposing muscles, located on the opposite side of the joint, which is often the reason for reoccurring pains in rotator or elbow joint. In order to avoid that the regular training schedule should also involve exercises of muscles not commonly used in climbing. It is good to include stretching and strength exercises for the opposing muscles. For climbers these exercises will involve mainly pushing motions. Excellent for that purpose is the use of rubber stretch band (theraband), which will provide necessary resistance.
Theraband is available in three different colours, each colour with different resistance. The blue coloured theraband will offer the potential for maximum results with minimum effort. Half a meter of theraband will be sufficient for most exercises.
2. Front shoulder lifts. Arms raises to shoulder height, palms fading

########
Rank: 22
Score: 43.064224
Retrieved Text: Bands are 2″ Wide by 11″ Long.
Our Monster Bands are available in 3 different resistance levels for all exercises and fitness levels. Increasing your flexibility and strength – using these exercise bands for arms workouts as well as resistance band for legs training.
Bands are a 24 inches long loop with a width of 3 inches. Sold in packs of 10 bands.
The Self-Guided Foam Roller is used to release muscle tension before, during and after workouts. It features 9 movements that are printed directly on the foam roller for easy reference. It is 2-ft long, which is wide enough to use on backs. The durable polyethylene foam is designed for moderate to heavy use while still holding its shape.
The StretchMate Flexibility System is a unique multi-purpose tool designed to assist the human body in restoring, maintaining, and increasing your range of motion or flexibility. Our goal is to help you achieve optimal flexibility or “functional fitness”, thereby improving the way you perform and feel when engaging in everyday movements and activities.
StretchMate’s unique, patented design allows you to safely simulate everyday functional movements. It is used standing up while moving in three planes of motion, just as we all do everyday. This innovative technique maximizes flexibility by working all of the muscle groups in a closed kinetic chain and by lengthening those muscles that are habitually tight or inhibited.
StretchMate features a web-like pattern of flexible cords with self-adjusting tension which provide optimal resistance for everyone across a full range of motion. This is called a “forgiving effect” which

########
Rank: 23
Score: 42.97311
Retrieved Text: There are times that you are in the gym and you see someone using a new tool and wondered: What is that for? Now if we sat and talked about everything you seeing going on in a weight room we could be here for a couple of hours. Today we will tackle bands and their common uses.
What's the deal with this huge rubber band? The three most common uses for me are stretching, band exercises and the occasional accommodating resistance.
For stretching you can attach a band to that or anchor it to your appendage and pull for a greater range of motion. My favorites are the hamstring and pectoral stretch. For the hamstring you would lay on the ground and normally pull on the back of the leg but now you can attach the band to the bottom of your foot and pull on the band.
For the pectoral stretch you attach it to a rack or anything overhead walk out where the arm is a 45 degree angle and keep your arm straight as you move forward to stretch the pec. You dictate the intensity by how far you move, so more range of motion the better.
Band related exercises are very common in my programs because they are so freaking easy to add to your session it's stupid. Upper body day add a couple of sets of Band Pull-Aparts. When I trained a volleyball player this summer she was doing about 100-200 pull aparts and face pulls between exercises. I believe doing these helped her get

########
Rank: 24
Score: 42.699974
Retrieved Text: The Flexibility Band by Gaynor Minden is a tool every dancer should have. This heavy duty resistance band is designed specifically for dancers. The continuous loop allows for hands-free stretching. It's made with seamless wrapped technology to make the surface smooth and comfortable. Generously sized so the longest legs (we’re looking at you, gentlemen) can stretch too.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 42.47678
Retrieved Text: When I look back at my forecast for the remnants of Flo, it was going well, through Monday afternoon, however the heavy showers and storms did not materialize as I thought they would have. There were some that developed in northern VA and moved NE, not N like I expected. This led to some heavy rains for portions of SE PA. Checking the reports some areas saw over 2" of rain. Also, another heavy band (no thunderstorms just rain) developed from north central PA to Albany NY. So the potential was there, but the system got strung out.
Strung out? Yes, strung out. Like stretching a rubber band, as it is stretched the rubber band gets thinner. Think of that as precipitation. As it was stretched, it became thinner and less concentrated. Not that I am complaining. I just like to have an accurate forecast. But after all the rain we've had, I guess only 1" (plus of minus a little) seems like very little.
This was probably our last real flash flood threat of the year as we begin to transition to a more autumn pattern. It will remain mild/warm through Fri, but then a cooler change occurs. After this weekend, do not expect to see 80 degrees too often. Maybe once or twice, but summer is over.
We should still stay moist/wet but the storms will give us heavy rain over the better part of a day, rather than a couple of hours. Over-all I am looking for a good cool down with refreshing air, and lower

########
Rank: 26
Score: 42.361786
Retrieved Text: (Nanowerk News) The use of graphene as an additive can give mechanical and electrical benefits to composite materials, making them multifunctional. In a novel fermentation method, Graphene Flagship researchers have developed graphene-containing rubber foams with unusual mechanical and electrical behaviours: when stretched, the composite foams expand and become more conductive. These unexpected properties could be promising for use in smart filters and medical devices.
Inspired by natural foams, researchers have developed graphene-containing composite foams by fermenting with yeast. The process gives the multifunctional composites unusual electrical and mechanical properties.
Published in the journal Advanced Functional Materials ("Graphene and Carbon Nanotube Auxetic Rubber Bionic Composites with Negative Variation of the Electrical Resistance and Comparison with Their Nonbionic Counterparts"), the research was performed by researchers at the University of Perugia, Italy and the University of Trento, Italy, in collaboration with Graphene Flagship partner Queen Mary University of London, UK. The graphene nanoplatelets used in the foams were produced by Graphene Flagship partner Nanesa, Italy.
The researchers investigated three types of silicon rubber and carbon composites, using graphene nanoplatelets, carbon nanotubes, and a mixture of both. Inspired by the natural formation of porous structures, the unusual composite foams were created by fermentation using beer yeasts. Carbon dioxide bubbles produced by the yeast during fermentation are trapped in the rubber as it gels, producing a porous foam.
This method is promising for scalable production of composite foams in a fast and sustainable manner. "Compared to other methods, the preparation of foams by yeast fermentation has significant advantages, such as a rapid pore formation, inexpensive

########
Rank: 27
Score: 41.893753
Retrieved Text: Improve your strength Strength resistance bands are an incredible versatile tool for adding resistance to stretching lifting and body weight training exercises. Ideal for assisted pull ups and dips. All bands are made of 100% natural latex through a continuous layering process to ensure long life. We sell a range of standard resistance bands and mini resistance band sets, as well as resistance band packages. Multiple sizes available to suit your specific needs, abilities, and fitness goals.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 41.890163
Retrieved Text: Stretching exercises to relieve back pain can help overcome the day-to-day stress that our bodies undergo and the toll that it takes on our backs in particular. Depending on our occupation, we are forced to either stand or sit in one place for long periods of time.
This poor posture and the constant compression of our spines can bring about not only short-term pain but long term problems.
Correcting your posture and doing stretching exercises to relieve back pain will help remedy the situation.
Five stretching exercises to relieve back pain that you can do that take only about 15 –20 minutes a day will help your body recover from the stress we put on our bodies Monday through Friday.
For these stretching exercises to relieve back pain you will need an elastic exercise band available at most department stores.
This is accomplished by sitting upright on the floor with your legs together and stretched straight out.
Take the exercise band and wrap it around your feet holding on to both ends with your hands. “Climb” towards your foot using the band pulling yourself one hand in front of the other.
Do this until you can feel the stretch going from your calves all the way to your spine and lower back. Hold this for 8-10 seconds breathing normally. Do this 3 times.
Lay on your back with your legs almost in a split. Bend your left leg till your foot is flat on the floor. Wrap the elastic band on the right foot and gently pull with both arms.
Hold this for another 8-10

########
Rank: 29
Score: 41.84589
Retrieved Text: Resistance training is any exercise that causes the muscles to contract against an external resistance. Traditionally dumbbells or barbells were used for resistance, however, these can be big and bulky, especially when transporting. Our range of stretch resistance products features pioneering products that allow you to do resistance training wherever you are. Lightweight, compact, easy to use and suitable for all levels of strength. Plus, many of our Stretch Resistance products are on our 4 for 3 Mix & Match deal so you can create your very own bespoke training kit at a great price.
Minibands are underrated high-quality elastic loops that are perfect for training and rehab exercises for the upper body, lower body, plyometric and abs. They’re light and compact, making them ideal for using anywhere – on the field, at home, in the clinic or at the gym. They can be easily incorporated into a range of exercises to help you make the most of lateral movements, stabilisation, and posture work, or to instantly increase the effectiveness of your workout. They can be used to help you warm up (e.g. glute walks), cool down (e.g. plank jacks) or as part of a high-intensity workout (e.g. bear crawl, crunches and glute bridge).
Options available: Physique Miniband and Perform Better Mini Band.
Fitness bands are simple versatile tools designed to help correct body positioning when stretching. They are extra-strong bands that are very effective for each main muscle groups and can be used for a variety of strength, speed, flexibility, mobility and rehabilitation exercises for the lower body,

================



======= Instance Index 15 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are Higher or Lower. ):

In transipration, at warmer temperatures water molecules move faster, and the rate of evaporation from stomata is therefore much faster.


John monitors the log to see the temperature of the water, and he notices that as the temperature rises, the evaporation rate is Higher or Lower.?

Target Text: Higher

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 35.24512
Retrieved Text: Safety is always the primary concern when shipping perishable products like food and medicine that require strict temperature guidelines to protect safety and efficacy. Excessive temperature variations in either direction can easily lead to stale food, less effective pharmaceuticals or worse – ruined, dangerous products. It’s essential to log accurate temperature measurement throughout the product’s journey to know if proper temperatures have been maintained.
To make reliable temperature monitoring solutions like data loggers and multi-temperature indicators, testing and validation processes are crucial. American Thermal Instruments has refined its processes to ensure we produce the most accurate temperature monitoring solutions possible.
We work with select suppliers whose facilities we have observed first-hand. We have strict specifications and guidelines our suppliers must follow when supplying raw materials. To create the best quality temperature monitors, our in-house lab verifies that any added adhesives and general composition of materials used to create the device doesn’t impact our chemistry for the most accurate results. We do extensive acceptance testing and evaluate a certificate of analysis for all incoming materials to ensure consistent quality batch to batch.
Perhaps the most important thing we do is ensure that our own test equipment is performing as it should be. We perform monthly calibrations for accuracy on scales and thermometers as well as hot plates and water baths so that when we quality check our own production, we know the results are accurate. For complete assurance, we also have our instruments verified by external companies to confirm that our equipment is working correctly.
Having research and development, production and

########
Rank: 1
Score: 35.190502
Retrieved Text: When monitoring the temperature fluctuation in your refrigerator, it is important to understand the difference between air temperature and liquid temperature. Liquid temperature fluctuates a lot slower, and therefore a lot less than air temperature. You may notice that the temperature in your refrigerator goes up and down but you can rest assured that the liquid in the refrigerator is much more stable.
A refrigerator thermostat is usually connected to a sensor inside the unit that monitors the air temperature and turns the compressor on and off accordingly.
When the air temperature rises a certain amount above the set point, the compressor turns on, and when the temperature drops to a certain point, the compressor turns off. The number of degrees above and below the set point is called the differential, usually represented as a +/- number.
Refrigerators with smaller temperature differentials run more often but for a shorter duration each time. Refrigerators with larger differentials run less often, but each cycle is longer. The liquid temperature usually settles in the middle of the air temperature range.
If you have a differential of +/- 5 degrees and your refrigerator is set to 55, the compressor will turn on at 60 degrees and off at 50 degrees, for an overall fluctuation of 10 degrees. Because liquids do not warm up or cool off as quickly as air, the temperature of the liquid in your refrigerator should only change by less than 1/2 of 1 degree during that fluctuation.
View the chart above to compare how ambient air, internal air and liquid temperatures

########
Rank: 2
Score: 34.469845
Retrieved Text: Paws for thought – Heat Kills!
most certainly die within those minutes.
outside is 85 degrees, the inside of your car will be 100 degrees within as little as 7 minutes. A dog’s normal body temperature is 100.5 to 102.5 degrees Fahrenheit; if this temperature rises to above 105, your pet becomes at risk for heat exhaustion. As the body temperature rises to 107, it can develop heat stroke, which can cause irreversible damage and death.
hospital, you can cool your pet with wet towels, spray with tap water from a hose or provide ice chips for your dog to chew (provided he is conscious).
For further details, go to www.petplace.com.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 34.26502
Retrieved Text: With split systems only the solar collector panels sit on the roof and the storage tank is located at ground level.
*Now no longer available under the brand Beasley refer to Rinnai hot water systems.
The main benefit of this system is that the tank is installed remotely from the panels in the most convenient location – usually on the ‘blind side’ of the house. A small pump circulates the water from the tank through the panels to collect the heat energy from the sun. This pump is automatically regulated by a controller that monitors the temperature in both the tank and collector panels and optimises solar gain.
Streamlined appearance - minimal impact on the aesthetics of your roof line.
Split systems do not require reinforcement on the roof structure, as the weight associated. with water storage is at ground level.
Collector panels and the tank do not need to be installed at the same time – ideal during. construction of new homes and major renovations.
Tall solar tank provides better heat stratification, improving efficiency.
With close coupled systems, the solar collector panels and the storage tank are both located on the roof.
The advantage of this system is the ability to free up space around the base of the house. In the close-coupled installation, the solar tank is mounted above the collectors on the roof, and the water heated in the panels rises by the natural thermosiphon principle through the collectors into the tank, and is recirculated through the panels until the water reaches the required temperature.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 34.18284
Retrieved Text: Qualitrol combines unique algorithms, sensors and monitors to provide you with unique solutions for retrofits and new build opportunities.
Overheating will accelerate the aging process of the cellulose paper and other insulation materials in a transformer, shortening it useful life over time.
Pressure builds within a transformer due to temperature increases sustained an internal fault situation or under excess load, negatively impacting the tank walls and other internal components.
Over time excess moisture can degrade the insulation properties in a transformer. This negatively affects both the solid (paper) and liquid (oil) insulation with the transformer reducing its useful life.
Monitoring the level of insulating fluid within a transformer is vital to its health. A high level may indicate overfilling or overheating whereas a low level may indicate a catastrophic leak in the system.
Overheating and arching in a transformer can liberate a variety of gases that can be used to pinpoint potential problem areas and help avoid catastrophic failures.
Partial discharge monitoring provides information such as location on the small electrical sparks that occur within the insulation as a result of aging or deterioration.
Overheating in a transformer can signal a potential issue and cut the useful life of the asset. As the temperature rises the cellulose paper and other insulating materials inside will start to breakdown. Understand the temperature profile within the transformer and provide a window into the asset to mitigate the risks and plan preventative actions before its too late.
Moisture intrusion into a transformer can signal a major issue within the asset. Over time, water can break down the insulating

########
Rank: 5
Score: 34.055695
Retrieved Text: I've created a Raspberry Pi-based temperature monitoring application to power a network of temperature and environmental monitors in my home.
The architecture uses one 'master' Pi to aggregate and display log data, and many 'remotes' place around a house to send log data back to the 'master'. The app was originally built in 2015 to help monitor my home environment, and is continuously developed and improved as my monitoring needs change.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 33.6329
Retrieved Text: Laboratories need a wide range of temperature monitoring products to help ensure quality and accuracy of work. From liquid-in-glass to high quality precision digital thermometers, Cardinal Health products have a proven reputation for reliability and repeatability.
ACCU-SAFE thermometers are environmentally friendly spirit filled non-mercury thermometers sealed in a PTEF jacket that contains liquid and glass if breakage occurs and are housed in unbreakable plastic bottles filled with a non-toxic Bio-Safe medium.
Micro-Therm USB data loggers feature a three-digit LCD display and built-in USB 2.0 connector for monitoring and recording temperature or relative humidity (rH). Manufactured to stringent standards, the data loggers are 4.3 in. long by 1 in. thick.
Rely on this IR thermometer for quick and easy surface temperature measurements. Ideal for HVAC, plant maintenance, technicians, electricians, mechanics, health care workers and many others.
Our glass thermometers meet ISO9000 manufacturing standards and DKD/17025 calibration standards.
Each thermometer is certified, serialized and traceable to NIST.
NIST Compliant® with certificate. Min/max temperature memory recall. Programmable high/low buzzer and flashing icon alarm.
NIST Compliant® with certificate. Min/max memory of temperature and humidity. °C/°F switchable. Rubber coated.
The handheld Pt100 thermometers are high precision, metrology grade, NIST Compliant® instruments.
Applications: HVAC, electrical maintenance, detect process maintenance problems.
ScanTemp 485 infrared thermometer is high precision due to a special glass lens with double-laser sighting.
NIST Compliant® with certificate. LCD displays temperature and humidity with comfort level. Local/remote temperature min/max memory with time stamp.
Temperature monitors for refrigerators, freezers and incubators. Simultaneously shows the current, minimum, and maximum temperatures and updates continuously.
NIST Compliant® with certificate. °C/°F switchable. 8 in. stainless steel stem with

########
Rank: 7
Score: 33.550056
Retrieved Text: Think it's hot this summer? Wait until you see Google's simulation of a world with an average global temperature rise of 4C.
Using a map that was first launched by the former Labour administration in October 2009, the coalition government has taken temperature data from the Met Office Hadley Centre and other climate research centres and imposed it on to a Google Earth layer.
It's a timely arrival, with warnings this month that current international carbon pledges will lead to a rise of nearly 4C and the Muir Russell report censuring some climate scientists for not being more open with their data (but exonerating them of manipulating the scientific evidence).
Unlike a similar tool using IPCC data that was launched by Google in the run-up to the Copenhagen climate conference last year, this map will be updated regularly with new data. It also has a series of YouTube videos of experts across the globe, with Met Office staff talking about forest fires in sub-Saharan Africa and researchers at the Tyndall Centre for Climate Change Research explaining sea level rises. To go more in-depth you can follow links to government sites, such as this one on water availability in a warming world.
Playing with the layer is surprisingly addictive, mainly thanks to Google Earth's draggable interface. Unlike the static map of last year, it also has the bonus of showing more obviously how temperature rises will differ drastically around the world. The poles glow a red (a potential rise of around 10C) while most of northern Europe escapes with light orange

########
Rank: 8
Score: 33.33283
Retrieved Text: Typical temperature controller monitors the single input from source like RTD,4-20mA and tries to maintain that temperature within limits at a pre programmed constant level. A differential temperature controller goes with the name, monitors temperature from two input sources and tries to maintain the difference between these two temperatures as constant. These are widely used in Solar Energy Systems now a days to provide maximum operating efficiency and flexibility. It is designed to maintain the difference betwenn two tmperature sensors e.g., In case of self powered solar box furnace or in case of a solar water collector. By considering one input as a reference, temperature level is maintained by automatically switching ON/OFF a fan or a pump.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 33.330284
Retrieved Text: Scientists have developed a technique that heats up and destroys kidney and liver tumours.
Physicians at Mayo Clinic’s Florida campus are the first to use a technique known as MRI–guided laser ablation to heat up and destroy kidney and liver tumours.
So far, five patients have been successfully treated – meaning no visible tumours remained after the procedure.
Although the treatment techniques are in the development stage, the physicians have said the treatment is potentially beneficial against most tumors in the body – either primary or metastatic – as long as there are only a few in an organ and they are each less than 5cm in size.
"Laser ablation offers us a way to precisely target and kill tumours without harming the rest of an organ. We believe there are a lot of potential uses of this technique – which is quite exciting," said Eric Walser of the Mayo Clinic.
The procedure is performed inside an MRI machine, which can precisely monitor temperature inside tumours. A special non–metal needle is inserted directly into a tumour, and the laser is turned on to deliver light energy. Physicians can watch the temperature gradient as it rises, and they can see exactly in the organ where the heat is.
When the tumour and a bit of tissue that surrounds it is heated to the point of destruction – which can be clearly seen on monitors – the laser is turned off. In larger tumours, several needles are inserted simultaneously.
Post–treatment side effects include some local pain and flulike symptoms as the body reacts to, and

########
Rank: 10
Score: 33.288017
Retrieved Text: I've gotten several e-mails asking when steelheaders should switch from a floating line to a sinking line. I've given some simplistic answers based on water temperature. On reflection, however, I realize that those answers don't fully reflect how I actually fish.
A more thorough discussion is needed, as well as some opinions other than mine. So that's the subject of Westfly's first "Ask the Pros" column: When should fly-rod steelheaders use a sink-tip line and when should they use a floating line?
The question pertains only to traditional tactics for steelhead in rivers, when anglers are using a wet fly swing. It does not apply to indicator tactics for steelhead.
Many factors must be considered when making a sink-tip vs. floating line decision. Each is discussed below.
As an aside, let me say that the success and popularity of indicator tactics for steelhead has caused more than one angler to wonder why they shouldn't always use a heavy sink-tip. After all, those indicator guys are catching fish off the bottom.
It's a good line of reasoning, but the fact is that the path of the fly matters to a steelhead. They react one way to a fly that has a natural, drag-free dead-drift and is coming right at them. They can have a different reaction to a fly that is swinging across the current. Why does it matter to them? You'll have to ask the fish.
Because fish are cold-blooded creatures, water temperature affects their metabolism. Cold water reduces their energy level and they tend to lie near the bottom. That's the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 33.22727
Retrieved Text: NOTE: Except for warranty exchange, this switch is not returnable.
This limit switch is to be used as a replacement for the limit switch that was included with the Moyer Marine Temperature/oil pressure warning kit, in case your original limit switch should fail. The switch will close and send a signal to the alarm buzzer if your water temperature rises above 200 degrees.
NOTE: This water temperature limit switch should only be used as a replacement for the switch that came with the Moyer Marine warning kit. This limit switch is not a water temperature sender, and it should not be wired to a water temperature gauge.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 33.203197
Retrieved Text: limitations and/or malfunctions. See the Metadata for further explanation.
This line graph compares the hourly ladder water temperatures for the entrance monitor, exit monitor and monitors located midway through the ladder. It plots the difference between neighboring monitor temperatures on bar graphs below the temperature graphs.
The data on these pages are from the Army Corps of Engineers' Hobo Water Temperature Monitors. The data is sent weekly to the FPC, uploaded into a database, used to create the graphs and tables on the result webpages and are available for download on a csv link below each graph.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 33.188904
Retrieved Text: Multiparameter pH/ORP/EC/Pressure/Temperature Waterproof Meter | HI9819x Waterproof Portable pH/ORP/ISE/EC/TDS/DO Meter | Hanna Instruments (Thailand) Ltd.
Product information "Multiparameter pH/ORP/EC/Pressure/Temperature Waterproof Meter"
The HI98195 is a waterproof portable logging multiparameter meter that monitors up to 10 different water quality parameters including 5 measured and 5 calculated. The microprocessor based multi-sensor probe allows for the measurement of key parameters including pH, ORP, conductivity, and temperature. The probe transmits readings digitally to the meter, where data points can be displayed and logged. The complete system is simple to setup and easy to use. The HI98195 is supplied with all necessary accessories and packaged in a durable carrying case.
The HI98195 is a waterproof portable logging multiparameter meter that monitors up to 9 different water quality parameters. It’s multi-sensor probe allows for the measurement of key parameters including pH, ORP, conductivity, and temperature. The probe transmits readings digitally to the meter, where data points can be displayed and logged. The complete system is simple to setup and easy to use.
Backlit Graphic LCD Display - The HI98195 features a backlit graphic LCD with on-screen help and the capability to display up to nine parameters simultaneously. The graphic display allows for the use of virtual keys to provide for an intuitive user interface.
Quick Connect Digital Probe - The HI7698195 probe features a Quick Connect DIN connector that makes a waterproof connection with the meter.
Automatic temperature compensation - Integrated temperature sensor allows for automatic temperature compensation of pH and conductivity measurements.
Standard or Quick Calibration - Quick Calibration provides a speedy, single point calibration for pH and

########
Rank: 14
Score: 33.040676
Retrieved Text: You can't predict what they'll get into out there, but you can in here.
Delta Temp2O Technology uses a digital display to show the temperature of the water flowing from your Delta shower head, hand shower, or tub spout accompanied by a color indicator to make it easy to tell at a glance when the water is right for you and safe for your family. The LED display will be blue when the temperature of the water is below 80°F (26.7°C), shows deepening shades of magenta as the temperature rises from 80°F (26.7°C) to approximately 110°F (43.3°C) and will turn red when the temperature is higher than 110°F (43.3°C), helping you avoid hot or cold surprises.
Click below to browse products featuring Temp2O Technology.
My grandchildren love this shower head. They no longer need grandma or grandpa to check the water temperature before they get in. They just check the display and get in when it reaches the appropriate temperature. I am going to buy the hand shower next so they can use it in the bath tub. What a great concept. Thank you Delta!
This product is not only amazing for any adult, but it makes bathing a baby or child a million times easier. Plus, it makes your shower look instantly classier. This is definitely a must buy product!!!
This product is great for families!
The Delta Temp2O 6 Setting Shower Head has a very cool feature that takes the guess-work out of shower water temperature. An LED digital temperature display lets you know the exact temperature of the water.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 32.774517
Retrieved Text: Reptiles are often described as coldblooded animals. This implies their blood is cold, but that's literally true. "Coldblooded" refers to a system of body temperature control. Reptiles have ectothermic body temperature regulation systems. Humans don't. Our bodies use homiothermic systems that maintain a constant internal temperature, regardless of external temperatures. Reptiles' body temperatures are directly dependent on external surroundings.
The reptile's body temperature rises when the external temperature rises. When the temperature drops, so does his body temperature. If a reptile feels cold because the external temperatures have made his blood cold, he'll lie in the sun to warm up. However, if the external temperature is too high, he scurries under a rock, dives in a pool or finds some kind of shade where he can cool down. Reptiles and other animals with ectothermic systems are vulnerable to extreme changes in temperature because they can't control their temperatures internally. They can control their body temperatures only by moving to an environment with a suitable ambient temperature.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 32.76971
Retrieved Text: The Transmission Temperature gauge is a valuable instrument, protecting one of the most delicate components in the powertrain of our Bounders. Heat is the arch enemy of automatic transmissions, yet by the very design of this transmission, heat is generated. The chassis manufacturers address this by supplying radiators equipped with transmission cooling sections and auxiliary transmission coolers mounted in front of the engine radiator. Most transmission temperature gauges measure the temperature in the oil pan of the transmission; better quality instruments measure the temperature of the fluid leaving the transmission (after receiving the heat) and entering the transmission (after being cooled). The differential in temperatures is usually 40 degrees Fahrenheit.
As one surveys the market for quality instruments and looks at the dashboard of the Bounder, you quickly come to the realization that there is not a lot of room for additional instruments, such as tachometer, vacuum gauge, and transmission oil temperature gauge. Placing them within the dash panel is impossible, adding them around the panel can be unsightly. In Class C motorhomes, many owners have mounted these extra instruments from the roof near the rearview mirror, similar to those found in new cars and vans. However that is quite a stretch in a Bounder. I added a tachometer and vacuum gauge on the left side of the dash, mounted flush with the instrument panel. This winter, after researching instrumentation, I chose a gauge package made by VIP Systems known as the Sensitor 1060 to view transmission temperature and several other functions. This digital readout, electronic instrument

########
Rank: 17
Score: 32.731194
Retrieved Text: Former Stormwater Program Manager, Jacob Fincher, has been appointed as Sweet Water’s Acting Director. Since 2015, Jake has managed the Respect Our Waters educational campaign, which informs and educates residents of southeastern Wisconsin about stormwater pollution prevention. By forming and fostering relationships with our 37 partner municipalities, writing grants and seeking out other funding opportunities, developing educational content, and engaging in public outreach, Jake has made this program an essential component of stormwater pollution prevention in southeastern Wisconsin. He is ready to bring his skills, experience, and knowledge of the many aspects of the Milwaukee River Basin to the role of Sweet Water’s Acting Director.
Joan Giuliani and Alyssa Schmitt have been appointed as Co-Chairs of Sweet Water’s Board of Directors. Joan is the Environmental Engineer at MillerCoors, and has been a member of Sweet Water’s board since 2018. She played a major role in MillerCoors’ achievement of standards that conform with the requirements of the Alliance for Water Stewardship International Water Stewardship Standard, making them the first brewery in the world to do so.
Alyssa Schmitt is a project engineer at Stormwater Solutions Engineering, LLC, and has been a member of Sweet Water’s board since 2016. Alyssa works on green infrastructure and storm sewer design in her role as an engineer and has seen the implementation of her work in communities around southeastern Wisconsin.
We are excited to have such great leadership on our board and in our work here at Sweet Water! Thanks to Jake, Joan, and Alyssa for rising to the challenge of helping Sweet Water

########
Rank: 18
Score: 32.604195
Retrieved Text: In Japan during the period February through March pond water temperature gradually rises from about 10 to 13. As the seasonal change takes place and the water temperature rises, fish become eager to consume more food. As fish crave, their owners tend to feed their fish more to satisfy the craving. Unfortunately, when fed during this period of seasonal transition fish develop the illness, which in our vernacular known as a “cold”.
The most common cause of fish death is the gill disease. They constitute about 80% of the cause of death. Fish with sluggish body condition eventually develops a gill disease and dies as the gill disease progresses. It is crucial to detect the gill disease early. Also unfortunate, when there are obvious signs of gill disease, often it is too late to cure. It is important to learn as many of the early signs of gill disease as possible before they develop beyond a point of no cure.
The seriously ill Koi can be treated with 3Kg of salt and 50g of Teramicine in one (1) ton of water. After this initial treatment of 3Kg of salt and 50g of oxytetracycline for aquaculture use, in the subsequent days consider adding 1kg salt per day. Total 5kg of salt and 50g of Teramicine treatment for a total of 3 days and should not be exceeded.
It is especially important that the pond water temperature is increased by one to two degrees centigrade each day and to keep it at 20. When the water temperature is high, the chemical

########
Rank: 19
Score: 32.5974
Retrieved Text: Most Trout fishers know that water temperature affects a Trout but few know how temperature influences the Trout's behavior. This is a subject worthy of a lengthy article but for this blog let's focus on cold water.
As outside air temps drop, water temps follow. The first few weeks of fall weather can really be great fishing with temperatures on the drop, but not yet so cool that the water temperature slows down the Trout's activity level. Once cold weather has really set in, our waterways cool dramatically and the Trout's feeding and activity level slows with the cold water temps. On most rivers, water temperatures in the low forties or less bring sluggish fish found in slow, deep pools. Do not despair, they will take a fly but sometimes you have to hit them on the head (figuratively) since they won't move far to take a food item. Keep this in mind when prospecting for Trout. In the morning hours, when water temps are their coldest the fish will be lethargic so focus on slow deep water. As the day warms, expect the fish to become more active as the water temperature rises, even if the rise is only a couple of degrees. Once the rise has occurred riffles and runs that earlier in the morning were void of fish can come alive, especially if there is a hatch of insects to draw the attention of the Trout.
On a recent trip to North Carolina my friend and fishing partner George Daniel and I plied the waters

########
Rank: 20
Score: 32.548164
Retrieved Text: The Bath Pal Thermometer easily and accurately monitors the bath water temperature to prevent injuries from scalding water, while posing as a cute toy. It features a temperature gauge strip on the duck's belly that changes colour when the water is too hot. The Rubber Duck is made to be water-tight and mildew resistant materials to allow it to float above the water for a more fun bath time. Its size is perfect for little hands to hold on to and play after the temperature has been checked.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 32.438293
Retrieved Text: Asthma monitors that detect imminent attacks before the user notices any symptoms.
An Australian-developed smart stethoscope with a “beat finder” that helps to determine optimal location, and collects data that can be shared remotely for specialists to interpret.
Blood glucose monitors that actively predict a patient’s insulin needs, instead of passively responding to spikes in blood sugar.
Smartphone-based tools that diagnose blood pressure, body temperature, respiratory problems and blood disorders.
Despite such hurdles, the market for smart medical devices has been forecast to be worth over USD 24 billion by 2025. 5 The devices and apps we are reading about today are just the tip of the proverbial iceberg. As the market swells, it seems inevitable that a more proactive, participatory approach to health and care is underway. And that is something worth looking forward to.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 32.376842
Retrieved Text: When you take your cold drink for the next time in a very hot day then you are thankful to a machine which is know as refrigerator.Today we have a chilled cold drink and we got a lots of enjoyment by that drink but there was a time when there is no refrigerator.Many people use to make a large amount of ice cubes and they sell them at high price and become very rich,but today is a era of refrigerator.
When there is no existence of refrigerator then at that time food preserving is very difficult job.
Refrigeration is one of the great invention that changed our life to a larher exent .Now we are not worry about the presevation of food ,we can easily preserve it by using the refrigerator. The supply of the food is very much stable now a day.As vwe see that a gallon of milk can be easily preserve for about 14-15 days with the help of refrigerator.That means you does not need a cow or buffalo in the background of your house for the regular supply of milk.
In U.S it is expected that about 5 percentage of all all electrical energy is used to keep the homes cool.This was really a amazing thing to know that when we know that the princple behind most of the refrigerator are very simple as we comapre it to other home appliances.
Now the principle of refrigerator in a easy way is that when a liqid evaporates,then this process obsorb the heat and by a some process

########
Rank: 23
Score: 32.31018
Retrieved Text: Temperature Recording Sheet Equipment: _ _ _ _ _. temperature log for refrigerator fahrenheit vaccine storage troubleshooting record, examples of completed vaccine troubleshooting record for refrigerated vaccines in fahrenheit, recording fahrenheit temperatures in refrigerator for vaccines, vaccine temperature log for refrigerator in fahrenheit p3037f. refrigerator temperature log sheet This USB Thermometer is a measurement device using USB port to connect to a computer or other machines. to log address the temperature control issue. Hazard Analysis Table PROCESS STEP. An ice core is a core sample that is typically removed from an ice sheet or a high mountain glacier. log Daily Freezer/ Refrigerator Temperature Log. Place an “ X” in the box that corresponds with the temperature, the time of the temperature.
018 “ Authority” defined. ( Use ˜ le name: PIN- Unit ID- Date- Time. Log sheet templates are sheet a great sheet way to provide detailed information on the movement of commodities recording personnel , other important commodities in an office firm. Temperature recording log sheet. Directions: Cooler Freezer Temperature Recording Form Purpose This form is intended to be used to help Contracting Entities ( CEs) monitor cooler freezer temperatures. ) • Review file to find the excursion. Foreword: The SCP Foundation has discovered a substantial number of items which are simply too useless to merit further attention. It use a sensor to measure the temperature of the machine accurately.
temperature log for refrigerator fahrenheit recording fahrenheit temperatures in refrigerator for vaccines, vaccine storage troubleshooting record, vaccine temperature log for refrigerator in fahrenheit, examples of completed vaccine

########
Rank: 24
Score: 32.06749
Retrieved Text: Connect your heaters circulation pump into this controller for full automation of your heat pump or gas heater. The sensor will detect the temperature of the water and turn the dedicated pump on & off as the temperature rises and falls.
Set the controller to your desired temperature.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 32.009224
Retrieved Text: Water cooling is a primary constituent of spot welding quality. As tip temperature rises, current flow can be reduced by the increased electrical resistance in the circuit. Tip temperature will increase and tip life decrease, adding to production costs. Recirculated water can be used, but the temperature can not be controlled and will vary with ambient.
PW offers a range of chillers. These packaged chillers are ideal for spot welding applications and guarantee controlled tip temperatures during operation, independent of air temperature and rate of production.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.978764
Retrieved Text: Rolf Hut owns the world’s only pair of temperature-sensing fisherman’s waders. Although, at the moment, they’re a tad primitive, held together with only epoxy and duct tape, they can send accurate temperature readings to a smartphone when the person wearing them stands in water.
In a paper published late last month in Geoscience Instrumentation, Methods and Data Systems, Hut and his colleagues document how they built and tested the temperature-sensing waders.
To measure the temperatures of creeks, streams, rivers, and other bodies of water, scientists usually have to take data manually or use expensive equipment and repeatedly return to the area to set up and manage sensors, said Hut, an engineer at the Delft University of Technology in the Netherlands who specializes in hydrological data. He is lead author on the paper.
Scientists and fishermen would log a constant stream of digital information and store it online as they walked up and down streams.
As they were talking about hydrological sensing one night, Hut and his colleagues came up with the idea to affix temperature-sensing equipment to a pair of fisherman’s waders, which look like wet suit overalls attached to Wellington boots. The group imagined that an ideal pair of commercially manufactured temperature-sensing waders would connect to a smartphone app that would tag the temperature data with GPS coordinates and upload it to a repository on the Internet. This way, scientists and fishermen would log a constant stream of digital information and store it online as they walked up and down streams. Simultaneously, they could share the information with their

########
Rank: 27
Score: 31.93635
Retrieved Text: Summary / Abstract This water temperature resource was developed by Mr. Stuart McKenzie (USGS hydrologist, retired) and Mr. Tony Laenen in fiscal year 1998 under a contract with EPA. They collected and summarized water temperature data in the Columbia and Snake rivers and at the mouths of major direct tributaries to these rivers. The data were collected for calibrating an EPA temperature model for these mainstem rivers. StreamNet is providing a these data here as a convenience for people needing temperature data in the Columbia basin.
(Private contractors working under funding from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, Region 10.
Data Collection Methods Scroll cases at dams.
USGS water temperature monitors at monitoring sites.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 31.838207
Retrieved Text: We were dancing at a club, it was busy, and I was overheating. So I asked for some water - but what they gave me was 90% ice, topped off with water. It did an awesome job at cooling me down.
Later on, I got thinking - How much better is ice at cooling you down than liquid water?
While liquid water does an admirable job cooling you down at a dance party, clearly ice is better. But how much better?
Liquid water is usually less than 37°C when you drink it. Once it is inside your body, the liquid water's temperature rises.
Temperature rises need energy, and that energy is taken from your body heat, cooling you down.
You can sweat the water out, where it vaporises (turns to gas). Vaporisation requires energy, some of which is taken from your body heat, thus cooling you down.
As anyone who's ever been to a concert can testify, sweating is useless when there's no wind, and humidity is at 100%. So we ignore that effect here.
water at 0°C, you will raise its temperature by 37° to body temperature.
The energy to heat up the water comes from your body heat, so you will lose 155J per gram of water you drink.
Ice melts, forming liquid water. It takes a lot of energy to melt the ice - you have to partially break hydrogen bonds - one of the strongest types of bonds in chemistry.
It takes 334J to melt one gram of ice.
And, once that gram of ice is melted, you're left with a gram of

########
Rank: 29
Score: 31.817226
Retrieved Text: The near-wall bubble congregating in vertical tube upward flow exerts an influence on fluid heat transfer. A 0.5m test section is simulated using CFX10.0 to research the bubble influence on the heat transfer. The vapor-water two-phase CFD calculation is done. The bubbles are added at near wall area, taking no account of the mass transfer between water and vapor. The different bubble max diameter and the different MUSIG model size group get different calculation results, these results are compared, include the distribution of vapor void fraction, the wall temperature distribution and near-wall water temperature distribution, the bubble mean diameter. A guide setting is advised. The calculation result shows that the max bubble diameter and the MUSIG size group on the vapor void fraction distribution is large. The near-wall void fraction gets down to the least (nearly zero, while at the inlet, near wall vapor fraction is 0.95) at 0.1m∼0.14m axis height, then rises. The wall temperature gets highest at the same height, and then appears a flat, keeping this temperature about 0.1m long, after that the temperature gets down, then rises along the axis.
Li S, Zhang H. Bubble Size and Group Influence for CFD Simulation in Vertical Tube Upward Flow. ASME. International Conference on Nuclear Engineering, 18th International Conference on Nuclear Engineering: Volume 4, Parts A and B ():1023-1030. doi:10.1115/ICONE18-30081.

================



======= Instance Index 16 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are decreases or increases ):

The farther you stretch the band, the greater the resistance is.


Eric relaxes a rubber band. The band's resistance decreases or increases?

Target Text: decreases

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 28.59871
Retrieved Text: After a brief break to follow their respective solo projects, Lady Antebellum return with country-pop belter, You Look Good. The track marked a striking return for the band boasting a bold groove and buzzing hooks. This is the first single from the band's new LP, Heart Break, which hits stores on June 9th.
Heart Break is the band's sixth (!!!) album overall and features writing credits from Ryan Hurd, Nicolle Galyon, busbee, Emily Weisband, Eric Paslay and more. Check out the cover art below - in which the band look incredibly hot.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 27.499702
Retrieved Text: Rubber Band is designed to satisfy the need for a sanely licensed time-stretching library that sounds good enough for general musical use and also meets the many other requirements that make it useful in practical applications.
The ability to cope with extreme ratios.
Not all of these are possible at once: for example, it isn't possible to be sample-exact when running in strict real-time mode, although Rubber Band gets fairly close. We like to meet the laws of physics half-way.
Rubber Band performs better in most of these respects than many competing proprietary time-stretching libraries.
Rubber Band is suitable for most musical uses with its default settings, from percussive loops to individual instrument recordings and complete mixes, and it has an approachable range of options for fine tuning.
Rubber Band supports a true real-time, lock-free streaming mode, in which it allows the time and pitch scaling ratios to be freely adjusted during use.
Rubber Band also supports an offline mode, for situations in which all the audio data is available beforehand.
In offline mode, Rubber Band ensures that the output has exactly the right number of samples for the given stretch ratio.
Rubber Band's offline mode can take advantage of more than one processor core if available, when processing audio data with two or more channels – while retaining phase consistency across channels.
Rubber Band is tuned so as to work well with the default settings for any stretch ratio, from tiny fine adjustments to very extreme stretches.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 27.332312
Retrieved Text: Please join us for an incredible show featuring the upstate's best musicians as we re-create the historic performance of The Band's, "The Last Waltz" as heard on the official 1978 album version.
The Last Waltz was a concert by the Canadian-American rock group The Band, held on Thanksgiving Day, November 25, 1976, at Winterland Ballroom in San Francisco. The Last Waltz was advertised as The Band's "farewell concert appearance", and the saw The Band joined by more than a dozen special guests, including Eric Clapton, Ringo Starr, Bob Dylan, Ronnie Wood, Muddy Waters, Neil Young, Neil Diamond, Van Morrison, Bobby Charles, Dr. John, Paul Butterfield, Emmylou Harris, Ronnie Hawkins, Joni Mitchell, and The Staple Singers.
This show will feature nearly 40 of the upstate's finest musicians on a single stage for am unforgettable one time only perfomance.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 27.097101
Retrieved Text: Sublime was an American rock band from Long Beach, California, formed in 1988. The band's line-up, unchanged until their breakup, consisted of Bradley Nowell (vocals and guitar), Eric Wilson (bass) and Bud Gaugh (drums and percussion). Michael 'Miguel' Happoldt also contributed on a few Sublime songs. Lou Dog, Nowell's dalmatian, was the mascot of the band. Nowell died of a heroin overdose in 1996 and Sublime immediately split up.
Artist like Sublime not listed?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 26.785622
Retrieved Text: Sublime was an American ska punk band from Long Beach, California, formed in 1986. The band's line-up, unchanged until their breakup, consisted of Bradley Nowell (vocals and guitar), Eric Wilson (bass guitar) and Bud Gaugh (drums and percussion). Michael 'Miguel' Happoldt also contributed on a few Sublime songs, such as "New Thrash". Lou Dog, Nowell's dalmatian, was the mascot of the band. Nowell died of a heroin overdose in 1996 and Sublime immediately split up.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 26.56375
Retrieved Text: Economic therapy solution for upper, lower and full body exercise. Durable time-tested and user-tested, having been used for conditioning and training by clinics since 1987. Highly effective when used alone or with the handle and anchor accessories. Lightweight, compact and portable. Available in 8 levels of resistance. Color-coded according to the exercise band's resistance level. Each band is 12.5cm (5") wide.
Available in 8 levels of resistance. Color coded.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.418941
Retrieved Text: M odest Mouse is an American rock band. The band was formed in 1993 in Issaquah, Washington, United States by guitarist Isaac Brock, drummer Jeremiah Green and bassist Eric Judy. Since being signed to Sony's Epic Records in 2000, Modest Mouse has attained significant popular success with songs such as "Float On" and "Dashboard."
The band's current configuration is Isaac Brock (vocals, guitar), Tom Peloso (strings, horns, bass, keyboards), Eric Judy (bass), Jeremiah Green (drums) and Joe Plummer (drums). Jim Fairchild has replaced Marr for their 2009 tour while Marr focuses on his other band, The Cribs. Marr is a former member of legendary alternative band The Smiths and Plummer has recently become the new drummer for The Shins.
In 2009, they released No One's First and You're Next, an EP of unreleased songs from around the time Good News and We Were Dead were recorded, and two songs that had already been released, I've Got It All (Most) and King Rat. The video for King Rat was directed by the late Heath Ledger.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 26.125965
Retrieved Text: with James Hudson, M.S. Director of the University of Kansas Marching & Athletic Bands; former Director of Bands at Southwest Texas State University, Ryan Sirna, Marching Percussion Coordinator and former Percussive Arts Society Individual Snare Drum Champion and staff members of the Southwest Texas State University "Pride of the Hill Country" Bobcat Marching Band: Michael Howard, Eric Martin, and Avier Montalvo. This outstanding line-up of instructors explains the techniques and mechanics required to perform in your band's marching percussion section. Included in this series are basic concepts of grip and stroke as well as exercises to help develop the beginning marching percussion student.
In this video, Hudson and Howard share the basic playing techniques required to perform as a Rudimental Bass Drummer in today's marching band percussion section. Included in this presentation are the basic concepts in grip, stroke, posture, and equipment. Howard also shares basic technique builders including: standard 8's tap accent and double beat pattern development.
In this information packed video, James and members of the "Pride of the Hill Country" Bobcat Marching Band share the philosophies and basic techniques for warming up your brass and woodwind section. Hudson includes the basic concepts of breathing and tone production. He then incorporates these concepts through a series of basic exercises designed to improve the performance of your brass and woodwind sections.
with James Hudson, M.S. Director of the University of Kansas Marching & Athletic Bands; former Director of Bands at Southwest Texas State University, Ryan Sirna, Marching Percussion Coordinator and former Percussive Arts Society Individual Snare Drum Champion

########
Rank: 8
Score: 25.87385
Retrieved Text: Due to bad weather and no alternative venue the final band concert for the 2009 summer season was unable to take place today. It was due to be held on the Castle Green in Carrickfergus, the band's home town.
However, last Sunday - 30th August, the band played what turned out to be the final summer concert by performing to an excellent and supportive audience in the Civic Centre in Carrickfergus, including the mayor - Alderman Patricia McKinney, with an entertaining selection of music, some of which can be heard on the band's new CD aptly titled "On The Castle Green" and is available from any band member or by sending us an email request.
After this run of 15 summer concerts the band can now settle down and start to concentrate on the set piece for the NIBA Annual Championship of Ireland Contest which will be held in the Market Place Theatre, Armagh on Saturday 31st October 2009. The test piece for this year is Resurgam by Eric Ball, a stunning work which will put all of the competing bands through their paces and is set to be an interesting contest.
Following that, the band will then embark on their Christmas Concerts. A list of where the band can be seen will be posted on the Engagements page of this website when all that dates have been finalised.
We look forward to seeing you at one of our concerts and thank you all once again for your continued support.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 25.862196
Retrieved Text: "Who's There May Be Giants?"
They Might Be Giants is the name of a rock band. The band has an extremely unique sound, which others have tried and failed to copy. The band's lyrics are unusual as well, incorporating some very sophisticated allusions and imagery. To understand what we are talking about, you really need to hear some of Their music.
TMBG are John Linnell (accordion, keyboards, woodwinds, vocals) and John Flansburgh (guitar, vocals). The instrumentation of the band has been evolving since the release of the first album back in 1986. Originally (and through the Flood tour in 1990) the band toured as just John and John backed with synthesizers and tapes. Then, during the Apollo 18 tour, the band started adding talent such as J. D. Feinberg (drums) and Kurt Hoffman (horns, keyboards) to live tours. When John Henry was released, John and John used Brian Doherty (drums) and Tony Maimone (bass), among others, in the recording sessions as well as tours. On Factory Showroom, the band consists of John and John plus Brian, Graham Maby (bass), and Eric Schermerhorn (lead guitar). Subsequest concerts no longer include Eric or Brian, but add Dan Hickey on drums. Fans wait with bated breath to find out what will happen to that distinctive sound next.
Last Update Saturday, 19-Sep-1998 09:20:38 PDT.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 25.715088
Retrieved Text: The Long Beach Dub Allstars was a dub reggae/ska/rock band formed in 1997 and disbanded in 2002.
Eric Wilson and Bud Gaugh met in childhood (in 1979) and later started their first garage punk band, consisting of drums, bass and vocals. They later formed Sublime with Brad Nowell. The Long Beach Dub Allstars (LBDAS for short) were founded after Brad died in 1996 of a heroin overdose (frequent contributors to Sublime including Michael "Miguel" Happoldt, Todd Foreman, and "Field" Marshall Goodman are also members of the band).
Eric Wilson says,"We will never replace the greatness that Sublime did or what Brad has done." The band was originally a 10-piece and they recorded their debut recording called Right Back, which shortly after completion in 1999 saw the departure of three members. Their second album, Wonders of the World was recorded and released in 2001. It featured "Sunny Hours" featuring will.i.am from the Black Eyed Peas.
In 2002 rumors that the band had broken up began to surface. Apparently the band had taken a hard-drug-free vow and some of the band's members had broken this vow, which caused Bud Gaugh to quit and join Eyes Adrift with Krist Novoselic of Nirvana and Curt Kirkwood of Meat Puppets. Gaugh was also playing with Kirkwood and Michael Happoldt in the band Volcano..
Eric Wilson, Trey Pangborn and RAS-1 formed Long Beach Shortbus with former Slightly Stoopid and temporary Sublime drummer, Kelly Vargas (later replaced by Damion Ramirez). Jack Maness and Opie Ortiz formed Dubcat, with members of Hepcat. Shortbus has had slightly more success

########
Rank: 11
Score: 25.64064
Retrieved Text: Eric C. Powell is an award-winning indie synthpop / synthwave electronic music artist featured on BBC Introducing and named 2nd place for Best Electro Act in the 2018 WigWam Online Music Awards. Eric's writing and production reflect his signature catchy synth tracks with penetrating lyrics to challenge any listener and delight synth enthusiasts. "Back To Life" is his first solo album in over two decades! A songwriter and synth musician from an early age, Eric founded the early 90's underground synthpop band Turning Keys as the band's songwriter and lead vocalist. Turning Keys received favorable reviews and a significant following in the Southern California electronica underground sub-culture, notably opening with Flock of Seagulls, Depeche Mode, and Missing Persons.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 25.635918
Retrieved Text: Holy Soldier is a metal band from Los Angeles California and was the first metal band signed by Myrrh/Word Records. Their debut won the Dove Award for Metal Album of the Year, and the song "Stranger" from that album won Metal Recorded Song of the Year. Their first 2 albums feature the classic heavy metal sound. When they released their third album in 1995, they changed their sound to a more alternative/rock/grunge sound. In 1997, they released a live album that features the band's former and current lead vocalists.
The band was originally formed in early 1985 by bassist Andy Robbins and guitarist Jamie Cramer. The band gained a strong local following before signing. Holy Soldier was initially noted for their strong evangelical focus, although they regularly played to secular audiences. For a time they held the second largest attendance record at Gazzarri's, a Hollywood nightclub. In 1989 they signed to Myrrh Records, an imprint of Word/A&M, as that label's first metal act. Their eponymous debut, produced by David Zaffiro, was released in 1990 to critical and commercial acclaim. After heavy touring the band lost two members almost simultaneously – lead vocalist Steven Patrick, and guitarist Michael Cutting. The band replaced their losses with Eric Wayne and Scott Soderstrom and continued to tour. Wayne exited when Steven Patrick returned in 1991, but would rejoin the group in 1995. Two years later, the band followed up their debut with Last Train, another critical, though not commercial, success. Although Last Train charted, peaking at the #10 slot on Billboard's

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.544386
Retrieved Text: Karkkiautomaatti (which is 'Candy vending machine' in English) was one of the most loved indie bands in Finland. To put it simply, anyone familiar with the band looks it back with an intense yearning in his/her heart. They were together from 1993 to 1998 and released three albums: Karkuteillä (Hilse, 1993) Kaksi - nolla (Rubber Rabbit Rock'n'Roll Records, 1996) Suudelmilla (Hawaii Sounds, 1998) In 2006 their entire recorded history of 59 songs was collected on one compilation called 'Kaikilla'. After Karkkiautomaatti's breakup, the band's singer Jansku has been musically very successful with his band Liekki. Read more on Last.fm.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.493986
Retrieved Text: http://www.BalconyTV.com'Like' us on Facebook - http://www.facebook.com/btv.torontoFollow us on Twitter - http://www.twitter.com/btvtorontoBALCONYTV TORONTO IS BROUGHT TO YOU IN ASSOCIATION WITH THE UNDERGROUND GARAGEPRESENTED BY NOEL COPEMANhttp://www.indieweek.comhttp://www.undergroundgarage.ca The band name that Jay Pollmann (guitar, vocals), brother Eric Pollmann (bass), and Brad Jackson (drums) chose clearly defines what they're trying to achieve together.GRUVE is a Canadian band that hails from the small towns of Caledonia and Cayuga just south of Hamilton, Ontario. The band is road tested having been together for 5 years, releasing three well received albums and playing close to 300 shows together across North America.The band's third album titled "Out Of Nowhere" was released on June 18th 2011. It was recorded at CBC Studios in downtown Toronto with help from producer David Porteous and engineer Reuben Ghose."Musically you can hear the difference right from the first few seconds -- the sound is more aggressive, taught and confident -- rather than improvised jams, GRUVE still lives up to their name but with a new focus" - Ric Taylor - The View HamiltonWith a more focused sound being described as 'Groove based dirt rock' the band`s live show has progressed equally as much. GRUVE brings a high energy explosive, party like atmosphere each and every time they perform live.In 2011 GRUVE followed up a successful cd release with an east coast Canadian tour and a Hamilton Music Award Nomination for "Rock Recording of The Year." In March 2012 the band travelled to Austin Texas to showcase at the Red Gorilla Music Festival.The band's goal for 2012 will be

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.36671
Retrieved Text: It feels like forever since Protest The Hero has put out any new music, right? The band's EP Pacific Myth was released song by song in 2015 and 2016, and the last proper Protest The Hero full length we got was 2013's Volition. So of course it's really exciting that the band is officially in the studio knocking out a new one right now. Protest The Hero doesn't officially have a bassist right now, but Eric Gonsalves has been filling in all throughout 2017 live with the band.
Though this really shouldn't be a shock to anyone. When the band announced its Fortress 10 Year Anniversary Tour, one of the VIP perks was that you'd get the album when it came out later in 2018. Unless you didn't read that story, in which case surprise! New Protest The Hero!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.344973
Retrieved Text: Be alerted when Augustines - This Is Your Life (Vinyl LP) is back in stock.
A notification will be sent to when the Augustines - This Is Your Life (Vinyl LP) is back in stock.
Although their acclaimed debut album was released in 2011, singer/guitarist Billy McCarthy and multi-instrumentalist Eric Sanderson have been making music together since the formation of their band Pela in 2001. The dissolution of that band led to the start of Augustines. With the duo now joined by drummer Rob Allen, the band's deeply personal first two albums, Rise Ye Sunken Ships (2011) and Augustines (2014), resonated hugely with fans and critics alike. Now the band returns in 2016 with their highly anticipated third album, This Is Your Life, recorded in New Orleans and Los Angeles with long-time associate Peter Katis (The National, Interpol, Frightened Rabbit).

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.333302
Retrieved Text: The Dismemberment Plan is a Washington D.C. based indie rock band formed on January 1, 1993. Also known as D-Plan or The Plan, the name comes from a stray phrase uttered by insurance salesman Ned Ryerson in the popular comedy Groundhog Day. The band members include Eric Axelson (bass), Jason Caddell (guitar), Joe Easley (drums), and Travis Morrison (vocals and guitar). Axelson, Caddell, Morrison and original drummer Steve Cummings formed the band in college, knowing each other from attending northern Virginia high schools (Axelson, Cummings, and Morrison attended Lake Braddock Secondary School in Burke, Virginia). Cummings left the band after the recording of their debut album ! and was replaced by Easley, cementing the band's lineup. The Dismemberment Plan released four albums before breaking up in 2003. They reunited in early 2011, touring the US and Japan and releasing a live album. A comeback album, Uncanney Valley, was released on October 15, 2013.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.288416
Retrieved Text: As an ophicial Trustee of Ophir Prison, one of my tasks is to help educate the community about the prison, to put its “best face forward,” as it were. Despite the warden’s best efforts, however, this band and its dum major, Capt. Rufus T. Whizbang, have become the face of the prison.
With that in mind, and in an attempt to promote goodwill and foster a better understanding, I present: the Ophir Quiz! Take this quiz and find out how much you really know about Ophir Prison, about the band, about music, and about your gullibility.
And now, without further doo-doo, the Ophir Quiz!
How does Capt. Rufus T. Whizbang communicate with the band?
He gestures with his plunger.
He gestures with his fingers.
What did Frank the Amazing Rubber Chicken do before he was dragged into the band?
He was a vaudeville prop.
He fertilized plastic Easter eggs.
He was a lab test subject for Foster Farms®.
He was a barnyard pet for the Michelin Man™.
What does it mean when you can’t hear the Ophir Prison band's trumpets at a concert?
You’re in the wrong venue.
Why the hell would anyone want to hear the trumpets?
Why do Ophir Prison band members walk while they play their instruments?
Hello... We’re a Marching Kazoo Band (sheesh!).
If we tried to stand still, we might fall over.
What keeps "Big Dog's" sousaphone from falling apart?
What was Capt. Rufus T. Whizbang's state of mind when he devised the "Superstar" drill for the band?
What's the difference between a tenor saxophone and a lawn mower?
The neighbors get upset if you own a lawn mower but don’t

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.260296
Retrieved Text: Dr. Dog concert tickets are on sale. You can find the list of Dr. Dog tour dates here.
Dr. Dog is a rock band from West Grove, Pennsylvania. Its lineup consists of Toby Leaman, Scott McMicken, Frank McElroy, Zach Miller, and Eric Slick. Lead vocal duties are shared between Leaman and McMicken, with all members contributing harmonies. In addition, each band member has a nickname, and they have explained that friends of the band also receive nicknames, which are drawn from aspects of their lives and personalities. The band's unique version of indie rock is strongly influenced by bands of the 1960s. Their earlier recordings show influence of the lo-fi sound and pop sensibilities of indie rock bands of the 1990s, such as Guided By Voices and Pavement. Recent albums have featured more polished production.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 25.021778
Retrieved Text: Ramesses is a young English band formed by former Electric Wizard and Spirmyard members and boy is this heavy as lead. Technically an EP, but running for forty minutes, We Will Lead You To Glorious Times is the soundtrack to hell. The band's music is hypnotic and crushing at the same time with its guitars slowly and surely pulverizing all resistance. The delivery is wholeheartedly simple, yet what a racket the band makes. The guitars are tuned to perfection which almost drowns the low vocals to a perfect degree of obscurity. The band sounds like a mix between Disembowelment, Winter and Incantation so the inclusion of two videos on the disc is just an icing on the cake here. - Ali "The Metallian"

########
Rank: 21
Score: 25.010126
Retrieved Text: Crown The Empire finally made their return to Europe in a headliner capacity, after only being here on festival runs and support slots for the last couple of years.
The last time Crown The Empire played a headliner show in The Netherlands was in January of 2015, at which point the band had just released their album "The Resistance: Rise Of The Runaways". This time around, the band have another full-length album under their belt, as well as two new singles "20/20 & "what i am" which both came out earlier this year.
Bottomline: plenty of reasons for the band to return to Europe in a headliner capacity, with support coming from Volumes and Coldrain.
While Crown The Empire have seen some line-up changes in the last two years, the passion is still ablaze in the musicians and their live performance perfectly reflected this. As well as playing the tracks in a stellar fashion, the band played their show with such ecstacy and humor, it was very difficult not to become totally invested in the band's performance.
With a setlist ranging the band's discography, from the debut EP "Limitless" way back in 2011 up until the recent release "what i am", who has already become one of the fan favourites by the way, this tour was more a "greatest hits" setlist than anything else.
The band kicked off their set with "SK-68" &"Are You Coming With Me?", from the band's 2016 "Retrograde". The album has an intro that makes for a perfect set-opener, and the track "Are You Coming With Me?"

########
Rank: 22
Score: 24.98505
Retrieved Text: When choosing rubber seals, the first properties to be considered include tensile strength, constant tensile stress, elongation, elongation at break, permanent deformation at break and stress-strain curve. We call it tensile strength. The tensile strength is the maximum tensile stress when the specimen is stretched to fracture. The tensile stress (modulus of elongation) is the stress (modulus) reached when the elongation is specified. The elongation is the deformation of the specimen caused by tensile stress, expressed as a percentage of the increment of elongation to the original length. Elongation at break is elongation at break. The permanent deformation is the residual deformation of the gauge part after tensile fracture.
Then we consider the basic properties of rubber seals hardness. Hardness means the ability of rubber to resist external pressure intrusion. The hardness of rubber is related to some other properties to a certain extent. For example, the harder the rubber is, the stronger the strength, the lower the elongation, the better the wear resistance, and the worse the low temperature resistance. High hardness rubber can resist extrusion failure under high pressure. Therefore, suitable hardness should be selected according to the working characteristics of parts.
We know that rubber seals are often compressed, so we have to consider the compressibility of rubber seals. Because of the viscoelasticity of rubber, the compressive stress of rubber decreases with time after compression, which shows that the compressive stress relaxes; after removing the pressure, the original shape can not be restored, which shows compressive permanent deformation. These phenomena are more significant in high

########
Rank: 23
Score: 24.966206
Retrieved Text: KISS THIS -- the East Coast's premiere KISS tribute band, based in Buffalo, will be the stars of a meet-and-greet photo op in full regalia at Foxprowl Collectables on Tuesday (Oct. 2).
Its members are Kevin Blakita - Paul Stanley (Starchild), John Jeffrey - Ace Frehley (Spaceman), Julius Giambelluca - Eric Carr (the Fox), Bradley Heath - Eric Singer (The Catman), Taylor Stursa - Gene Simmons (The Demon).
Fans are welcome to do some "KISSmas" shopping early since all KISS collectibles will be 10 percent off during the band's brief store visit -- from 5 to 6:30 p.m.
Foxprowl relocated to its old digs, at 440 Ellicott St. in the City of Batavia.
Also, KISS THIS will appear in concert Saturday Oct. 13 at Batavia Downs. Tickets are $10. Doors open at 7 p.m.; concert starts at 8. Minors under 18 must be accompanied by a parent or guardian.
For concert tickets, click here.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 24.930092
Retrieved Text: Watch the 2-part video HERE.
As part of their current tour, Drivin' N Cryin'played the Hummingbird in downtown Macon a couple of weeks ago. Before the show, the guys - and Eric Von Haessler - hung out with Ben Jones to talk about the band's brand new video for the hit song "I See Georgia."
After falling in love with The Great American Bubble Factory - the latest album from Drivin' N Cryin' - Von Haessler jokingly volunteered to do the band's next video. To his surprise, they accepted! As a radio host of Atlanta's Rock 100.5 show The Regular Guys, Von Haessler's experience didn't include a whole lot of video production. But one "I See Georgia" later, he's got a producer gig under his belt and is now working on a documentary of the band.
Check out Ben's interview to hear what Kevn Kinney refused to do for the video, what "I See Georgia" is really all about and what's happening with Drivin' N Cryin' after 25 years of rock!
Click here to see the full "I See Georgia" video.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.88342
Retrieved Text: Forty years in the business...six gold & platinum U.S. albums...classic songs like (Don'tFear) The Reaper, Godzilla, Burnin' For You, Astronomy and E.T.I. Donald "BuckDharma" Roeser, Eric Bloom, Allen Lanier, Albert Bouchard & Joe Bouchard comprised one of the great stadium acts of the '70s & '80s. BOC were heavy enough to duke it out with Kiss, Rush, Aerosmith, Ted Nugent & Black Sabbath, yet smart, funny, ironic & jaded enough to please the tough New York critics. Agents of Fortune examines the complicated early days of the band, graphically demonstrating the showbiz sweat that goes into making a successful act. The book is centred around the peerless intellectual quality of the songs - made entertaining by the band's psychotropic & ghoulish humour; its interest in all manner of conspiracy theories, cults, monsters, vampires, UFOs, foul play, arcane spiritualism, alchemy, love lost & love buried, science fiction & friction.Popoff draws on his personal interviews with Roeser, Bloom, Albert & Joe Bouchard, along with drummer Bobby Rondinelli, legendary band producer Murray Krugman & BOC expert Bolle Gregmar. For insight into the band's fantastic lyrical world, Popoff went right to the source, the writers of the BOC classics highlighting their creativity through the author's countless interviews with Sandy Pearlman (manager during the golden years), Richard Meltzer, John Shirley, cover artists Greg Scott and Ioannis, as well as the late Helen Wheels and David Roter. An essential read for Blue Oyster Cult devotees.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 24.63892
Retrieved Text: THE SKULL, the new band formed by two original members of Chicago doom legends TROUBLE — vocalist Eric Wagner and drummer Jeff "Oly" Olson — alongside the band's longtime bassist, Ron Holzner, has recruited Glen Drover (MEGADETH, TESTAMENT, KING DIAMOND) as its guest touring guitarist.
Commented Wagner, Olson and Holzner in a statement: "We are ready to rock you with the sounds and spirit of TROUBLE... past-present-future.
"Please welcome our guest touring guitarist Glen Drover. We are excited to have him on board.
"A tour is currently being planned for 2012 and will be announced soon as well as our guest dueling guitarist. Stay tuned."

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.546307
Retrieved Text: Gregg Allman will be remembered and buried on June 3 in Macon, Ga.
Jason Aldean eulogized music legend Gregg Allman in a touching tribute on social media.
Lady Antebellum performed the Allman Brothers Band's "Midnight Rider" in honor of the late Gregg Allman during a recent You Look Good World Tour stop.
During his May 27 concert in Nashville, Eric Church covered Gregg Allman's "Midnight Rider" in tribute to the late artist.
Country stars are remembering Gregg Allman following his death at the age of 69.
After rumors that he is in hospice care began circulating, Gregg Allman shared an update on his health.
Gregg Allman has canceled all of his 2017 tour dates, with no explanation offered.
Allman Brothers Band drummer Butch Trucks' death has officially been ruled a suicide.
Butch Trucks, a founding member of the Allman Brothers Band, has passed away.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 24.464207
Retrieved Text: Pyramid is a concept album centered on the pyramids of Giza. At the time the album was conceived, interest in pyramid power and Tutankhamun was widespread in the US and the UK.
Pyramid seeks to amplify the haunting echoes of the past and explore the unsolved mysteries of the present. See the mysticism of the pyramid on the back cover ... the last remaining wonder of the ancient world.
The Alan Parsons Project were a British progressive rock band, active between 1975 and 1990, consisting of Alan Parsons and Eric Woolfson surrounded by a varying number of session musicians and some relatively consistent band members such as guitarist Ian Bairnson, bassist and vocalist David Paton, drummer Stuart Elliott, and vocalist Lenny Zakatek. Almost all songs on the band's albums are credited to "Parsons/Woolfson".
Since 1993, a new version of the band has toured, with Parsons performing live acoustic guitar, keyboards and vocals, with various line-ups. This latest incarnation was called Alan Parsons, eventually renaming as the Alan Parsons Live Project, due to founder Parsons' break-up with Woolfson.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 24.437416
Retrieved Text: This Body Building Bands advanced resistance band is an ideal portable for gym. The bands are meant to meet different fitness needs. They are suitable for types of trainings such as strength, isometric, resistance, yoga, flexibility, pull up assistance and P90X. So, whatever, your fitness goal is, you can achieve it with bands for CrossFit resistance band. The bands is available in the same length and circumference. The length is 41 while the circumference is 82.
The band is strongly made with natural rubber latex. Owing to the continuous layering of rubber sheets of latex, the band come with amazing strength and durability. You can use them for many years and they will not lose their elasticity and strength. They beat molded bands in performance, strength and durability. This Body Building Resistance bands are versatile exercise bands. Since they are available in different resistance levels, they can be used by any sport enthusiast or athlete of any fitness level. Beginners will find the bands useful. Intermediates and advanced athletes that want to engage in more challenging workout using the resistance can also use them.
The bands is good addition to any person’s home gym. However, they can also be used outside the home. They are very portable and resilient and so can easily be carried along by athletes on the go. They can also be used in the office by individuals that will like to do some exercises during their free time in the office.
BLACK BAND ( 10-35 lb - Low ) 41" L * 0.5" H *

================



======= Instance Index 17 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are more diluted or less diluted. ):

However, the energy is diluted as an electromagnetic wave travels farther from its source because it spreads out over an ever-larger area.


An electromagnetic wave is traveling. Ned notices that the wave has stayed at its origin. As it travels, it is more diluted or less diluted.?

Target Text: less diluted.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 49.373814
Retrieved Text: Sound travels much slower than electromagnetic waves and its speed depends on the medium through which it passes. The greater the density of the material, the greater the speed of sound. This is actually opposite to what happens with light waves, but remember sound is a compressional wave, whereas light is a transverse wave. Since sound needs a medium to propagate, it is compressing material particles together to transmit the energy of the wave.
Speed of sound in steel is approximately 5200 m/s, in water about 1500 m/s and in air 331 m/s at 0°C.
Objects which travel at less than the speed of sound are called subsonic.
Objects which travel at greater than the speed of sound are called supersonic.
Planes which are traveling at Mach speeds are actually traveling at multiples of the speed of sound. For example, Mach 3 means the plane is traveling at three times the speed of sound in air at that temperature.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 49.105747
Retrieved Text: Explain what the electromagnetic spectrum is and how scientists use it.
So far we have learned about the atom, the phenomenon of radioactivity, and we have looked at both nuclear reactions and X-ray generation. We already know that X- and gamma rays differ only in their source of origin or how they are generated. There are, however, very distinct characteristics associated with these energy forms. Two key points to remember about the characteristics of radiation are that X- and gamma rays are not bits of matter, they are electromagnetic wave forms possessing no charge and no mass, and they can be characterized by frequency, wavelength, and velocity. Let's take a closer look at the characteristics of these wave forms so that we may better understand the nature of them.
X- and gamma rays are part of what scientists refer to as the electromagnetic spectrum. They are waveforms that are part of a family in which some of the relatives are very familiar to us, such as light rays, infrared heat rays, and radio waves. However, X- and gamma rays cannot been seen, felt, or heard. In other words, our normal senses cannot detect them. Since X- and gamma rays have no mass and no electrical charge, they are not influenced by electrical and magnetic fields and will travel in straight lines. Continued research over the years since Roentgens discovery indicated that the radiation possesses a dual character. Acting somewhat like a particle at times and like a wave at other times. The name that has been given to

########
Rank: 2
Score: 46.01473
Retrieved Text: The index of refraction for ice is 1.31.
The index of refraction of a material is the ratio of the velocity of light in a vacuum to that in the material.
where 'n' is the index of refraction value of a material, 'c' is the speed of light in a vacuum, and 'v' is the speed of light in a material.
The net velocity of light in a material is decreased because of continual absorption and reemission of the light wave by atoms that it encounters. The light wave energy absorbed sets electrons in the atoms into vibrational motion. This energy is then reemitted as an electromagnetic wave with the same frequency of the original wave.
The index of refraction usually increases as the physical density of the material increases.
The optical density of a material relates to the sluggish tendency of the atoms of a material to maintain the absorbed energy of an electromagnetic wave in the form of vibrating electrons before reemitting it as a new electromagnetic wave. The more optically dense a material is, the slower light will move through the material.
To answer your question, the optical density of ice is less than that of water. Light travels through ice faster than it travels through water.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 45.93486
Retrieved Text: In order to shed light on this topic, first we need to understand some basics about light. Light can be thought of moving in a wave-like form. Instead of going in a straight line, light (which is really electromagnetic energy) travels forward in an up and down wave—like a squiggly line. The size of the wave (often called wave length) determines the color of the light. But how does our brain know what color this electromagnetic wave of energy actually is?
This is where the eye comes in—and, more specifically, the retina. Since light needs to be transformed from an electromagnetic signal to a biological signal, the retina serves as a highly specialized structure to detect light.
When light travels into your eye, the signal is picked up by cells in your retina called photoreceptors that are dedicated to sensing certain wavelengths of light. Photoreceptors have a protein called ­opsin that temporarily changes its structure when it interacts with different wavelengths of light. In turn, there is a biochemical cascade of events that result in neurons from the retina carrying the signal (the color blue, for example) into the visual cortex of the brain.
While I am still uncertain if my blue is the same as your perception of blue, what I do know is that the signal comes from the same place (a wavelength of light), it is converted to a biological signal in the same way (opsin protein in the retina), and is carried to the same place (visual cortex of the brain).

########
Rank: 4
Score: 45.452385
Retrieved Text: Does light travel as a wave, a ray or a stream of particles? Is it a single color or many colors mixed together? Does it have a frequency like sound? And what are some of the common properties of light, such as absorption, reflection, refraction and diffraction? You might think scientists know all the answers, but light continues to surprise them.
Aug 07, 2008 · light is basically both. it has properties of both waves and paticles the propery of diffraction proves it’s wave like nature and the photelectric property proves its particle behaibour.
Kavanaugh drama show we need less democracy If Democrats think harassing Trump officials will build a blue wave, they should.
Picture: istock So what does that mean for our quest for aliens. istock image Dr Macquart said the bursts travel for milli.
Their 1995 fan favorite III: Temples of Boom included "Illusions," where B-Real portrayed a mentally disturbed malcontent los.
LiDAR (light imaging, detection. object displays – all without video surveillance cameras. Unlike radar or sound waves, Li.
SUMMARY: light does not always travel in a straight path, it bends due to refraction and light does not bend in space as there is no possibility of refraction. So, it travels in a straight line only in space and definitely bends on earth.
Then we strolled across to the beach to watch the surfers tackling the waves, a vast colony of. Torode’s favourite city. W.
All the interesting stuff we see is related to the amplitude and phase of the light field, though. And the amplitude of a light wave changes

########
Rank: 5
Score: 45.406967
Retrieved Text: lookang thanks all of them (Fu-Kwun Hwang, Juan M. Aguirregabiria and Andrew Duffy) these are great physics teachers.
The Doppler effect describes the shift in frequency of a wave that is produced by the motion of either the wave source or the observer of the wave (or both).
A sound source is moving with velocity v along the horizontal axis. Every period T a wave front leaves the source and travels with velocity c with respect to a medium (say air), assuming no air motion. A detector is located at position (x, y) and may move with velocity (dx/dt, dy/dt). To promote ease of learning, only the x direction is enabled, thus, making exploration confined to 1 Dimension.
You may change via sliders and edit the values of the aforementioned quantities, as well as the time interval dt between animation frames.
The source and detector position may also be chosen by means of the sliders.
Press Initial to set t = 0 and the source at its initial position.
Press Continue to start or continue the animation.
Press Stop to pause the animation, and Reset to recover the default settings.
In the graphics window below the animation a vertical red (green) bar is displayed each time a wave front leaves the source (reaches the detector).
Note that the velocities are specified in terms of the wave velocity, where positive is directed right. Thus, a source speed of 1 means that the observer moves at the speed of the waves.
2 Now, keep the source at rest, and give the observer an initial velocity. Explore how the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 45.034424
Retrieved Text: Cherenkov radiation, light produced by charged particles when they pass through an optically transparent medium at speeds greater than the speed of light in that medium. Devices sensitive to this particular form of radiation, called Cherenkov detectors, have been used extensively to detect the presence of charged subatomic particles moving at high velocities.
Cherenkov radiation, when it is intense, appears as a weak bluish white glow in the pools of water shielding some nuclear reactors. The Cherenkov radiation in cases such as this is caused by electrons from the reactor traveling at speeds greater than the speed of light in water, which is 75 percent of the speed of light in a vacuum. The energetic charged particle traveling through the medium displaces electrons in some of the atoms along its path. The electromagnetic radiation that is emitted by the displaced atomic electrons combines to form a strong electromagnetic wave analogous to the bow wave caused by a power boat traveling faster than the speed of water waves or to the shock wave (sonic boom) produced by an airplane traveling faster than the speed of sound in air. The phenomenon was discovered by the Soviet physicist Pavel A. Cherenkov in 1934 and was explained by Ilya M. Frank and Igor Y. Tamm in 1937.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 44.266304
Retrieved Text: Do electromagnetic waves carry energy and momentum ?
Any type of particle or wave that is in motion carries momentum Electromagnetic waves like any other wave carry energy as they travel through empty space. If light didn't carry energy, it wouldn't be able to heat stuff up or generate photo current in photo cells.
Of course! Any type of particle or wave that is in motion carries momentum; either linear or angular, depending on the motion of the particle or wave.
For example, an electron would have angular momentum as it revolves around the nucleus of an atom while a photon would have linear momentum as it travels from this screen onto your retina.
Yes any type of wave under motion carries momentum and they also carry energy as they travel through empty space.
Of course! Any type of particle or wave that is in motion carries momentum Electromagnetic waves like any other wave carry energy as they travel through empty space. If light didn't carry energy, it wouldn't be able to heat stuff up or generate photo current in photo cells.
What is the annual fees of mass physics for class 12 ?
Can you add three unit vectors to get a unit vector? Does the answer change if two unit vectors are along coordinate axis? Please give example.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 43.67316
Retrieved Text: Light is the electromagnetic energy visible to the human eye. It has the form of a wave and it travels in a straight line at 300.000 km./sec. There are different types of electromagnetic energy and the visible spectrum (commonly known as light) is any form of light we can see.
Gamma rays , X-Rays, Ultraviolet (UV), Visible Spectrum, Infrared, radar waves, TV and Radio Waves.
From the visible spectrum, blue light has the shortest waves (400nm) and red light has the longest waves (700nm). In the middle, we have orange, yellow, and green. The human eye captures different wave lengths and interprets them as colours. White light is a mixture of every wave.
NM: 1 billionth of a meter.
Wave length: perceived by the human eye as the colour of light.
Polarization: the angle in which lights vibrates. The human eye rarely perceives this.
Intensity: how bright or strong light is.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 43.614723
Retrieved Text: 1. State what the electromagnetic field is and what components make up the electromagnetic field.
2. State the difference between the induction field and the radiation field.
3. State what radio waves are.
4. List the components of a radio wave and define the terms cycle, frequency, harmonics, period, wavelength, and velocity as applied to radio wave propagation.
5. Compute the wavelength of radio waves.
6. State how radio waves are polarized, vertically and horizontally.
7. State what reflection, refraction, and diffraction are as applied to radio waves.
8. State what influence the Earth's atmosphere has on radio waves and list the different layers of the Earth's atmosphere.
9. Identify a ground wave, a sky wave, and state the effects of the ionosphere on the sky wave.
10. Identify the structure of the ionosphere.
11. Define density of layer, frequency, angle of incidence, skip distance, and skip zone.
13. Describe fading, multipath fading, and selective fading. Describe propagation paths.
14. State how transmission losses affect radio wave propagation.
15. State how electromagnetic interference, man-made/natural interference, and ionospheric disturbances affect radio wave propagation. State how transmission losses affect radio wave propagation.
16. Identify variations in the ionosphere.
17. Identify the maximum, optimum, and lowest usable frequencies of radio waves.
18. State what temperature inversion is, how frequency predictions are made, and how weather affects frequency.
19. State what tropospheric scatter is and how it affects radio wave propagation.
The way energy is propagated into free space is a source of great dispute among people concerned with it. Although many theories have been proposed, the following theory adequately explains the phenomena and has been widely accepted.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 43.573704
Retrieved Text: Unlike sound waves or ocean waves, radios waves do not travel in a material. Radio waves are a class of electromagnetic waves and consist of nothing more than electric and magnetic fields. Since they don’t require any medium through which to travel, they can go right through empty space. That’s why we’re able to see the stars, after all.
The idea of a wave that travels through space itself was a rather disorienting notion to scientists in the late 1800s. They were used to the idea that waves are disturbances in a tangible material or “medium”: fluctuations in the density of air, ripples on the surface of water, vibrations of a taut string. Having observed that light and radio waves are electromagnetic waves, they set about looking for the medium that supported those waves. They were expecting to find this “luminiferous aether” but they failed. In fact, the absence of an aether led in part to Einstein’s theory of special relativity.
The structure of a radio wave, or any electromagnetic wave, is quite simple. It consists only of a fluctuating electric field and a fluctuating magnetic field. An electric field is a structure in space that affects electric charge; it pushes on charge and causes that charge to accelerate. Similarly, a magnetic field is a structure that affects magnetic pole. Remarkably, changing electric fields produce magnetic fields and changing magnetic fields produce electric fields. That interrelatedness allows the wave’s fluctuating electric field to produce its fluctuating magnetic field and vice verse. The wave’s electric and magnetic fields endless

########
Rank: 11
Score: 43.39333
Retrieved Text: A wave is a periodic disturbance that propagates in space which transports energy and momentum from one place to another without the transport of the medium.
There are broadly two different types of waves. The wave which is in need of a medium for propagation is called a mechanical wave and the wave which is not in need of a medium for propagation is called non mechanical wave. Non mechanical wave is also called as electromagnetic waves.
Electromagnetic wave doesn't demands a medium for propagation and it is not going to affect the medium in any manner while it is travelling through it. Light is a simple example of electromagnetic wave. Light travels all the way from Sun to the earth, even though a lot of vacuum that is there because it’s an electromagnetic wave.
A mechanical wave is always in need of a medium for propagation for transmission of energy from one place to another place. The medium shall have certain properties like elasticity, inertia, minimal force of friction between the molecules and uniform density. Without these properties, it is difficult for the medium to allow the wave to travel through it.
Elastic nature is a basic property because of which the molecules of the medium are going to come back to their original positions after passing their energy to the next particles. Without this property medium cannot propagate the wave.
Inertial property is also a similar sort of property because of which molecules always tries to continue their own position when the external forces are withdrawn.
Among the molecules of

########
Rank: 12
Score: 42.997345
Retrieved Text: A parallel plate capacitor (Fig. 8.7) made of circular plates each of radius R = 6.0 cm has a capacitance C = 100 pF. The capacitor is connected to a 230 V ac supply with a (angular) frequency of 300 rad s−1.
(a) What is the rms value of the conduction current?
(b) Is the conduction current equal to the displacement current?
(c) Determine the amplitude of B at a point 3.0 cm from the axis between the plates.
What physical quantity is the same for X-rays of wavelength 10−10 m, red light of wavelength 6800 Å and radiowaves of wavelength 500 m?
The amplitude of the magnetic field part of a harmonic electromagnetic wave in vacuum is B0 = 510 nT. What is the amplitude of the electric field part of the wave?
In a plane electromagnetic wave, the electric field oscillates sinusoidally at a frequency of 2.0 × 1010 Hz and amplitude 48 V m−1.
(a) What is the direction of propagation?
(b) What is the wavelength λ?
(c) What is the frequency ν?
(d) What is the amplitude of the magnetic field part of the wave?
(e) Write an expression for the magnetic field part of the wave.
(a) at a distance of 1 m from the bulb?
(b) at a distance of 10 m?
Assume that the radiation is emitted isotropically and neglect reflection.
Use the formula λm T= 0.29 cm K to obtain the characteristic temperature ranges for different parts of the electromagnetic spectrum. What do the numbers that you obtain tell you?
Given below are some famous numbers associated with electromagnetic radiations in different contexts in

########
Rank: 13
Score: 42.95134
Retrieved Text: Question-1: A plane electromagnetic wave travels in vacuum along z-direction. What can you say about the directions of its electric and magnetic field vectors? If the frequency of the wave is 30 MHz, what is its wavelength?
E and B will be mutually perpendicular and perpendicular to direction of propagation in x-y plane.
Question-2: The amplitude of the magnetic field part of a harmonic electromagnetic wave in vacuum is B0 = 510 nT. What is the amplitude of the electric field part of the wave?
Question-3: For X-rays of wavelength 10−10m, red light of wavelength6800 Å and radiowaves of wavelength 500 m, what physical quantity could be the same?
The speed of light (3×108 m/s) in a vacuum is the same for all wavelengths. It is independentof the wavelength in the vacuum.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 42.40153
Retrieved Text: Wave is a disturbance that transfers energy through medium or space with negligible or no amount of mass transfer. There are various types of waves which render many different types of services. Electromagnetic waves are widely used in engineering applications. We use waveforms in various types of applications such as wireless communication, Radar, Space Exploration, Marine, Radio navigation, Remote sensing etc…Among these applications, some uses guided medium for sending waves whereas some make use of the unguided medium. In this article, we would know how the properties of medium affect the propagation of waves and various ways in which a wave propagates.
Electromagnetic Waves are generated by the radiated power from the current carrying conductor. In conductors, a part of the generated power escapes and propagates into free space in the form of Electromagnetic wave, which has a time-varying electrical field, magnetic field, and direction of propagation orthogonal to each other.
Radiated from an isotropic transmitter, these wave travels through different paths to reach the receiver. The path taken by the wave to travel from the transmitter and reach the receiver is known as Wave Propagation.
When the isotropic radiator is used for transmission of EM waves we get spherical wavefronts as shown in the figure because it radiates EM waves uniformly and equally in all directions. Here the center of the sphere is the radiator while the radius of the sphere is R. Clearly, all the points at the distance R, lying on the surface of the sphere have equal power densities.
where c is the velocity of light

########
Rank: 15
Score: 42.125137
Retrieved Text: An electromagnetic wave traveling opposite to the direction of motion of some other physical quantity in an electronic device such as a traveling-wave tube or mismatched transmission line.
The first driver to respond to an event on the road brakes, the person behind, due to reaction time, brakes a fraction of a second later and has to brake a little harder to avoid hitting the person in front, the person behind them has to brake harder still, and somewhere down the backward wave the traffic comes to a complete halt.
On the other hand, backward wave seem to be more suppressed by input feed line.
Carlile examined both theoretically and experimentally the surface wave mode for the constant azimuthal variation (n = 1) and reported that this mode is a backward wave .
The superposition of the forward and backward wave localizes the SP by forming a standing wave pattern.
It shows that the normalized phase velocity of the novel helix SWS is lower than that of the conventional helix SWS, which shows that the novel structure has lower working voltage, and thus the risk of backward wave oscillation may be reduced.
Barroso, "Retrieval approach for determination of forward and backward wave impedances of bianisotropic metamaterials," Progress In Electromagnetics Research, Vol.
1,2) Such isolators must use absorbers to suppress the backward wave propagation, even though they present a broad bandwidth.
Activities have included efforts at the Army's Harry Diamond Laboratories, working on backward wave oscillators, traveling wave tubes and vircators; at the Naval Research Laboratory, with klystrons, gyrotrons, cyclotron autoresonance masers and free-electron lasers;

########
Rank: 16
Score: 41.053295
Retrieved Text: Introduction in Optics Dipl.Ing.Nicoleta PRICOPI.
5 Wave properties Wavelength ( ); Frequency (no. of oscillations/sec); Amplitude (the height of the wave)–the square of the amplitude = intensity of the wave; Energy; Velocity = c = 3 x 10 8 m/s.
7 I part (optical spectrum) includes: the spectrum of visible light, IR spectrum and UV spectrum; the IInd part comprises: microwaves spectrum, radio-frequencies spectrum and power frequences spectrum; the IIIrd part contains: X-rays spectrum and gamma-rays spectrum.
15 Snell's Law: N 1 x sin( 1 ) = N 2 x sin( 2 ) When N(1) is greater than N(2), the angle of refraction is always smaller than the angle of incidence. Alternatively when N(2) is greater than N(1) the angle of refraction is always greater than the angle of incidence. When the two refractive indices are equal (N(1) = N(2)), then the light is passed through without refraction.
16 dispersion of the light The index of refraction varies with the frequency of radiation (or wavelength) of light. This is occurs with all transparent media and has been termed dispersion. As the wavelength of light increases, the refractive index decreases. It is the dispersion of light by glass that is responsible for the familiar splitting of light into its component colors by a prism.
17 diffraction of the light Diffraction is the process by which light waves traveling throught a small hole or slit that is phzsically the approximate size of even smaller than the lights wavelength and will spread out.
18 INTERFERENCE of the light Interference is the interaction between waves traveling

########
Rank: 17
Score: 40.87029
Retrieved Text: Cyberspace itself is fully embodied in the dynamic relation between humans and the planetary network of computers; it is a space generated by interconnectedness; it is premised on the full and unfettered mutuality of sharing information; it is an unlimited space for the expression of autonomous creativity; and its provides access for all to a vast range of multidimensional meanings.
“It just so happens that 25,920 years is approximately how long it takes light to travel between Earth and the super black hole at the center of the Milky Way. This suggests some kind of resonance between Earth and the Galactic Center whose frequency is inversely proportional to the Platonic year.
The implication is that the state of the World Soul is somehow interlocked with the electromagnetic, gravitational, and/or etheric resonance between Earth and the Galactic Center. This may mean that different world ages, and thus World Soul states, correspond to different locations along the wave spanning Earth to Galactic Center. As the wave travels, Earth experiences different phase angles of this wave, and currently it take 25,920 years to cycle through them all. At each phase angle (wave position) Earth’s axis points to a different pole position in the sky and the World Soul has a different coloration.
“Did human extraterrestrials visit Earth — and predict a Golden Age will culminate in the year 2012, freeing us from evil, fear and doom?
Did the founding fathers of America inherit this prophecy — and encode it directly into the Great Seal of the United States? Why is there a pyramid

########
Rank: 18
Score: 40.151
Retrieved Text: Maxim Zhadobov is the principal investigator in biomedical electromagnetics at Institute of Electronics and Telecommunications of Rennes (IETR), French National Center for Scientific Research (CNRS), France, and head of Electromagnetic Waves in Complex Media (WAVES) Team of IETR. His main research activities and expertise are in the field of innovative biomedical applications of electromagnetic fields and associated technologies. With his PhD students, he was at the origin of several pioneering innovations in biomedical electromagnetics and body-centric wireless technologies including the first millimeter-wave tissue-equivalent phantoms, pioneering reflectivity based surface phantom concept, novel broadband multi-physics characterization technique for Debye-type materials, innovative millimeter-wave textile antennas for smart clothing, ultra-robust miniature implantable UHF antennas, first millimeter-wave reverberation chamber and multi-physics tools for EMC testing. He co-authored 5 book chapters and more than 60 research papers in peer-reviewed journals. He was the co-recipient of CST University Publication Award 2011. His review article in Int. J. Microwave Wireless Techn. was the most cited paper in 2016-2018. He was actively involved in 17 research projects (8 as PI). Dr. Zhadobov was a session organizer and/or technical committee member at several international conferences, including BioEM 2019, MobiHealth (since 2015), IEEE iWEM 2017, BodyNets 2016, and IMWS-Bio 2014. He is a senior member IEEE and elected member of European Bioelectromagnetic Association (EBEA) Council. Dr. Zhadobov has served on review boards of more than 15 international journals and conferences and has been acting as an expert at research councils worldwide. His teaching activities include lecturing at European School of Antennas (ESoA), Uppsala University (SE), University of

########
Rank: 19
Score: 40.10196
Retrieved Text: Producing a voltage by moving a conductor across a magnetic field is known as electromagnetic induction or EMI. It can be found in technological applications such as generators, transformers, and utility locating equipment.
Utility locating devices transmit a radio wave at a frequency and this radio wave is electromagnetic. The magnetic field in the radio wave moves across an object and generates a voltage. This current generates its own electromagnetic field. Most of the voltage travels down the outside of the object, such as a pipe or wire, rather than penetrating the inside. Placing a receiver on the ground directly above the buried utilities will detect the electromagnetic field allowing an analyst to locate a metal pipe or cable that is buried in the ground. The distance a signal can travel down a pipe or wire is determined by the resistivity of the surrounding soil and pipe itself, as well as the frequency, transmission power, distance from the transmitter and capacitance of the pipe or cable.
Electromagnetic Induction is a technology for locating buried services and is very effective in most soil types. You can locate and trace a facility, as well as estimate its depth. A transmitter is used to transfer an alternating electrical current to the pipe or wire to be located. Then receiver is used to analyse the transmitted signal and localize the position and depth of the facility. The transmitter can transfer the signal to the facility either by a direct connection.
EMI methods can be applied to locate landfill boundaries and cells, contamination plumes,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 39.74242
Retrieved Text: The Nature of Light Light is a form of energy that transmits from one place to another at finite velocity. It is detectable with our eyes. Visible light constitutes a small portion of a continuous spectrum of radiation ranging from cosmic rays to radio waves (Fig–1.1). White or visible light, which our eye detects, is only a fraction of the complete spectrum. The wavelength of rays in white light ranges from 380 mm to 770 mm. Theory of Light There are two theories put forwarded to explain the behaviour and travel of light. 1. Particle theory – Release of a small amount of energy as a photon when an atom is excited. Moreover, just like photons (Light quanta) behave like properties of matter, electrons also behave like group of waves. 2. Wave theory – Radiant energy travels as a wave from one point to another. Waves possess both electric and magnetic properties and thus, light is an electromagnetic phenomenon. Wave theory can only explain the phenomena of polarization, reflection, refraction and interference that form the basis for optical mineralogy.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 39.65941
Retrieved Text: In this chapter, the usage of slow electromagnetic waves in several application domains is deeply discussed. Starting from an outline of the classical Cerenkov effect, various related topics are presented in detail, namely the generation of electromagnetic waves by the Cerenkov effect, the Cerenkov free-electron laser, pickup and kickers in accelerators, pulse compression in radar and linac, and compact components and waveguides in the microwave region.
The pioneering work of Pavel Alekseyevich Cerenkov  reports the existence of a visible radiation from pure liquids and solids when electrons go through the medium with a velocity greater than that of light. The radiation, not observed until then, had characteristics that the physical processes responsible for its production were not any of the usual ones associated with atomic or molecular changes. During his studies Cerenkov showed that the radiation was not fluorescent, and that it was polarized with the electric vector parallel to the direction of the electron beam. In a later work , he showed that the radiation depended uniquely on the refractive index of the medium and had the unusual property of being emitted asymmetrically.
In , a theoretical explanation has been given on this phenomenon which is entirely classical, but in agreement with the qualitative observations of Cerenkov. A striking feature of this theory is that it describes a new process for the production of radiation.
In recent years, the research interest in Cherenkov radiation has arisen due to progress in its new applications such as biomedical imaging, photonic structures, metamaterials, and beam physics. These new applications require

########
Rank: 22
Score: 39.641407
Retrieved Text: Now that you have completed this chapter, let's review some of the new terms, concepts, and ideas you have learned. You should have a thorough understanding of these principles before moving on to chapter 2.
WAVE PROPAGATION is an invisible force that enables man to communicate over long distances. Wave transmission can take many forms, such as LIGHT, SOUND, and RADIO.
LIGHT is a form of wave motion that can be seen. Heat cannot normally be seen, but can be felt. Radio waves cannot be seen or felt.
WAVE MOTION can be seen in action by throwing a pebble into a pool of still water. The ripples that move toward the edge of the pool demonstrate the PROPAGATION theory.
The TRANSVERSE WAVE is a type of wave motion. Radio, light, and heat waves are examples of transverse waves.
The LONGITUDINAL WAVE is another type of wave motion. The sound wave is the only example of a longitudinal wave given in this text.
SOURCE, MEDIUM, AND DETECTOR (RECEIVER) are the three requirements for all wave motion.
A SOURCE can be anything that emits or expends energy (waves).
The MEDIUM is the vehicle for carrying waves from one point to another. Water, air, metal, empty space, etc., are examples of a medium. Empty space is considered a medium for electro-magnetic waves but not a medium for sound waves.
The SOUND DETECTOR absorbs the waves emitted by the source. The human ear is an example of a detector.
HERTZ, which is abbreviated Hz, is used in lieu of "cycle per second" when referring to radio frequencies.
Where v is velocity

########
Rank: 23
Score: 39.62524
Retrieved Text: In two different papers written as responses to the Catt Question, two Italian physicists have interpreted the Catt Question as an anomaly or paradox. The response of Ivor Catt to this assertion is simply that the Catt Question is “just a question”. This may seem an unimportant point, but in their paper the Italians attempt to suggest that the Catt Question is merely an apparent paradox, and not an anomaly. This method of answering the Catt Question is a type of obfuscation that avoids providing an answer. It is clear that an actual answer to the Catt Question must make a definitive statement regarding the ambiguity contained in the difference between the velocity of electricity and the flow of electric conduction current. In this essay I will endeavor to make this distinction understandable.
In my essay, The Catt Question Background, the basic problem posed by the Catt Question was discussed. There it was shown that the problem has its roots in two different definitions of electricity that are currently being used. One definition regards electricity as energy in the form of electromagnetic fields and the other regards electricity, and its companion magnetism, as a property of material particles called electrons. In the first definition, electricity travels or moves at the speed of light, since light is a form of electricity. The other view holds that electricity is the result of conduction currents of electrons that move through wires in response to an applied electric field inside the wire. Experiments show conclusively that the velocity of electricity is

########
Rank: 24
Score: 39.56247
Retrieved Text: Electromagnetic wave is synchronized oscillations of electric and magnetic fields that propagate at the speed of light.
Electromagnetic wave of visible or lower frequencies (i.e., visible light, infrared, microwaves, and radio waves) is called non-ionizing radiation, because its photons do not individually have enough energy to ionize atoms or molecules. The effects of these radiations on chemical systems and living tissue are caused primarily by heating effects from the combined energy transfer of many photons. Electromagnetic waves from common household appliances and cellular phones are examples of non-ionizing radiation. In contrast, high ultraviolet, X-rays and gamma rays are called ionizing radiation since individual photons of such high frequency have enough energy to ionize molecules or break chemical bonds. These radiations have the ability to cause chemical reactions and damage living cells beyond that resulting from simple heating, and can be a health hazard. Essentially, unlike the hazardous ionizing radiation from nuclear waste and atomic energy, electromagnetic waves from cellular phones and base stations do not pose any dangerous health hazardous radiation.
Q2Does the base station's electromagnetic wave have any impact on human health?
Base station electromagnetic waves do not release free radiated waves ( reference Q1 what is electromagnetic wave ? ), so it has no hazardous effects on human health. For example, the electromagnetic waves in radio stations and wireless television stations are all non-ionizing radiation and do not pose any danger on human health.
The mobile phone usually directly touches our hands, our faces, our ears, and our skin. The electromagnetic wave of the mobile phone has direct

########
Rank: 25
Score: 39.39069
Retrieved Text: Are you looking for fun science experiments for kids? We love encouraging kds to have fun with science, so we would like to share a Jelly baby wave machine with you today! (This post contains affiliate links).
We are surrounded by waves all the time, whether we know it or not. Sunlight is made up of electromagnetic waves which have traveled through the vacuum of space, and all the sounds we hear are transmitted by waves moving through the air. Scientists’ understanding of waves has led to technological innovations ranging from microwave ovens to mobile phones, but their basic properties can be demonstrated using this amazing jelly baby wave machine.
Decide where you’re going to build your wave machine and measure out enough tape to cover the distance between your chairs or tables and allow you to secure the ends firmly.
Place the tape with its sticky side up on the floor.
Leaving room at the ends of the tape for attaching it to the chairs or tables, press down kebab sticks along the length of the tape at about 5 centimetre intervals.
Run another length of tape, sticky side down, along the top of the sticks so that you end up with them “sandwiched” between the two layers of tape.
Carefully impale a jelly baby onto each end of all the kebab sticks, making sure that you don’t poke yourself.
Lift the jelly baby wave machine and attach either end to tables or chairs in such a way that the tape is stretched between them and sags as little as possible.
Lift one

########
Rank: 26
Score: 39.308002
Retrieved Text: Phase velocity – the speed at which the phase of any one spectral frequency component of the wave travels.
Group velocity – the speed at which the variations in the shape of the wave’s amplitude (known as the modulation or envelope of the wave) propagates (see diagram below).
Front velocity – the speed of an abrupt signal discontinuity (signal abruptly turned on or off). It is considered as the very beginning of the signal in time, and it never exceeds “c”, the speed of light (see diagram below).
Energy velocity – the speed of energy transfer.
Signal velocity – the speed of information transfer, which, under various conditions, may be equivalent to one or more of the above four velocities.
In most cases, the signal velocity is equivalent to both the group and energy velocities. While the front velocity cannot exceed the speed of light, in special cases (e.g. media or circuitry that amplifies the initial or anterior-most portion of a waveform and attenuates the posterior portion), “… the group velocity … can be greater than the velocity of light, can be infinite and even negative!” [Brillouin]. That is, the detection of a pulsatile input or extended-in-time waveform at the output of the medium can precede its complete detection of the waveform at the input.
During the time interval between the arrival of the wavefront (front velocity) and the actual detection of the group waveform, electromagnetic energy begins to propagate through the medium, the magnitude of which is not detectable until the oscillations achieve sufficient amplitude. These very early, very low amplitude

########
Rank: 27
Score: 38.843792
Retrieved Text: Electromagnetic Properties of Khufu’s Pyramid – Zero Equals Two!
The Daily Mail has hopped onto a story about research being done on what electromagnetic properties Khufu’s pyramid at Giza might have. As it is built of limestone the fact that it has any would seem somewhat far fetched and indeed some of the claims made — that it concentrates electromagnetic energy – are projections made using conjectural “data” to a certain degree. So one supposes that Graham Hancock et al will run with these claims as proof of alien visitation and that this represents some form of advanced technology. Though if you could build an interstellar craft, likely, most of the components are miniaturized and a wave concentrator that’s 481 feet high would not be especially useful. And if it was – where’re the other ones?
“Scientists have discovered the famous pyramid concentrates electric and magnetic energy into its internal chambers and below its base, creating pockets of higher energy.
“If this concentrating effect is able to be recreated on a nanoscale size, it could lead to a wave of new, more efficient sensors and solar cells, the researchers claim.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 38.755703
Retrieved Text: By popular demand and adding even more design flexibility, the HP family adds Drop Lens and Regressed options with standard 10 working-day shipping.
Slender but powerful, HP-2 expands the designer’s palette with 2-inch wide lines of light. Now with Tailored Lighting as well as Widespread Optic and Asymmetric options, along with a variety of downlight options, the design flexibility of these lines of light makes what’s custom for some manufacturers, standard for Finelite. This affordable collection is just one in Finelite’s portfolio of energy efficient, sustainably and domestically manufactured LED luminaires.
This architectural LED collection delivers uniform and continuous illumination with a clean 4-inch-wide linear aesthetic. Now with Tailored LightingTM as well as Indirect Widespread and Asymmetric options, along with a variety of downlightoptions, the design flexibility of these lines of light makes what is custom for some manufacturers, standard for Finelite. This affordable collection is just one in Finelite’s portfolio of energy efficient, sustainably and domestically manufacturedLED luminaires.
Just like cleaning is a part of our regular routine, so is contamination—though we may not always acknowledge that fact.
Most of us know the risks of bacterial infection—especially if we're the ones responsible for protecting a home, a hospital, or a classroom. We ease our minds with procedure regulation, disinfection best practices, and the right products. Facility owners and managers spend quite a bit of time and money ensuring their buildings are safe.
But many traditional (and new tech) disinfection solutions follow the same format: pause operations, introduce a cleaning agent, and resume operations. For busy environments, this means regular disinfection

########
Rank: 29
Score: 38.51263
Retrieved Text: Theoretical astrophysics has long relied on numerical simulations as a formidable way to improve our understanding of the dynamics of astrophysical systems. Fortunately, the mathematical framework upon which such simulations are based is developed to high levels of sophistication. The equations governing the dynamics of relativistic astrophysical systems are an intricate set of coupled, time-dependent partial differential equations, comprising the general relativistic hydrodynamics and magnetohydrodynamics equations and Einstein’s gravitational field equations.
CCRG members have developed significant expertise to handle such systems and there are a number of long-term and ambitious projects dedicated to this area. Our main general relativistic and magneto-hydrodynamics project involves the accretion of magnetized gas onto one or more supermassive black holes, and to explore associated relativistic phenomena such as jets in active galactic nuclei. Jets and disks can produce kilonovea events. A kilonova is a transient astronomical event that emits electromagnetic radiation from radioactive decay when the merger of binary black holes or neutron stars. In 2017, The LIGO scientific collaboration found evidence that two neutron stars merged, which produced gravitational waves, a gamma-ray burst, and a kilonova. This event is widely hailed as the start of multi-messenger astronomy. In addition to this, CCRG researchers use combined general relativistic and magneto-hydrodynamics simulations are also used to model black hole - neutron star and neutron star - neutron star binaries. These astrophysical sources are believed to be the origin of gamma ray bursts.
Radiative transfer describes how energy is transferred through electromagnetic radiation. Absorption emission and scattering processes all describe how the electromagnetic wave travels

================



======= Instance Index 18 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are increases or decreases ):

The more acidic a solution is, the closer its pH value will be to 0


If Mona is making lemonade and she decreases the acidity of it by adding more lemons, what happens to its closeness to pH 0 increases or decreases?

Target Text: decreases

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 40.08173
Retrieved Text: Life changes can be a struggle. I know because I feel like I have been living in a perpetual state of struggle for months! What is that saying? “When life hands you lemons, make lemonade.” I’d like to say, “What a crock!” The truth is that those lemons made me stop and re-evaluate everything in my life. Every day that bowl kept getting bigger and bigger with no chance of ever making any lemonade at all. What was I going to do?
I have had plenty of changes in my life. I liked to think that I have rolled through these changes with optimism and a positive can-do attitude, just like Wikipedia says. In reality, I have pouted, cried, argued, shook my fist, and even stomped my foot at the adversity and misfortune that has come my way. I ended 2017 thinking that 2018 was going to be better. But I had just been handed a big bowl of lemons with no idea as to what to do with them. There are only so many recipes you can add a lemon to; likewise, there is only so much you can do in life when it doesn’t go your way.
My better half and I have been talking about retirement for a long while, and earlier this year, something happened that we were not expecting. He lost his job…the one that we thought would be the last one he would have before he officially retired. We were hoping for another two to five years of work for him. Now

########
Rank: 1
Score: 38.700546
Retrieved Text: After a three year hiatus and life changing event this Alabama native is back on the scene to reestablish where she left off. As we all know when life gives you lemons you make lemonade, and I’ve made lots of it.
With that being said I hope to captivate my readers by making them laugh on their good and bad days with real life stories, engage in topics I discuss, rethink some things when it comes to dating or just wearing those Lululemon leggings before stepping out of the house because let’s face it laughter is the best medicine and I am that true friend that will be honest with you no matter the circumstance because I love you.
I could start this 1st blog off about me meeting my high school sweetheart, going to college, getting married, having a baby, moving out of state, having another baby, and divorcing but as I was told Christy your life is an autobiography. Let’s just say since my divorce, I’m making lemonade now, and I’m still trying to perfect the recipe with the perfect lemons for my fine taste buds.
I’m, a southern girl so you would think the recipe for lemonade is simple, a little sugar, some water and a few lemons , but if you haven’t been making it for a while it can be a little different it all depends on the lemons, amount of sugar you use, and where they were bought or grown.
I’m not professing myself as this expert in making lemonade because truth be told

########
Rank: 2
Score: 38.56374
Retrieved Text: Have fun this summer and create your own frozen lemonade bar! Gather up some friends and family, lay out a selection of fresh fruit and lemons, grab your blender and some ice and you’ve got a Frozen Lemonade Bar!
Who doesn’t love lemonade, especially the homemade kind? There’s nothing like a glass of cold lemonade on a hot summer day! And why not take it up a notch and make it a frozen lemonade…like a slushie but without all the added chemicals and dyes! You can make the most delicious frozen lemonades right at home with fresh ingredients! Just look how vibrant the colours of the slushies are with just fresh fruit!
Recently I was sent this Breville Hemisphere Twist Blender to review, and we’ve since put it to good use, let me tell you! The kids have been making fresh fruit smoothies in the mornings, I’ve been making my favourite smoothies, and my husband has been using it to make his sports drinks. This blender has power! I love it because it makes our drinks so smooth, so fast and with little to no stirring. And it has this awesome cleaning feature that you use after each time you use it, so the next person making their drink has a clean blender to work with. Awesome! It also came with a juicer attachment for the lid, and when I saw that, I knew I had to make frozen lemonade. So I decided to put together a Create-Your-Own Frozen Lemonade Bar, complete with fresh lemons and lots of

########
Rank: 3
Score: 37.742405
Retrieved Text: When life gives you lemons, make lemonade. The main ingredient in the sweet and sour drink isn’t just for flavor; it contains some very real health benefits. Here’s what the little yellow citrus can provide for you.
Lemons are an excellent source of vitamin C, which has a wide array of benefits. Vitamin C is an antioxidant and has been known to help your skin, immune system, reduce the risk of complications from a cold or flu, and reduce inflammation in the body.
Switching out your morning OJ with a glass of lemon water will ensure you get the same vitamin boost with far less sugar or calories.
Many homemade remedies for oily skin, blackheads, dandruff and hair lightening include the use of lemons. Along with high amounts of vitamin C, the zesty fruit also contains folic acid, vitamin B and minerals like phosphorus, magnesium and calcium, that have cleansing properties on your skin and hair.
If you want to start adding these DIY remedies to your beauty routine, it’s smart to ask your health care provider about best practices to make and properly use homemade lemon products.
Looking for ways to improve your cholesterol? According to the Agricultural Research Service at the U.S. Department of Agriculture, compounds in citrus fruits called citrus limonoids have protective properties against cancer. One type of limonoid, called limonin, may also help reduce cholesterol.
According to research by the U.S. Agricultural Research Service, limonin may remain in the bloodstream for up to 24 hours for some people. This means you won’t have to continuously consume lemons

########
Rank: 4
Score: 37.729256
Retrieved Text: Lemonade diet helps in weight loss and charges the body with vitamin C, refreshes and rejuvenates the skin. It is easy to follow – no need to change the entire lifestyle and to bother by calculating the calories that you enter.
The lemonade diet should be followed in a period of two weeks. With a normal diet during this period you can lose about 12 pounds, and if you exclude all kinds of sugar, sweets and bread from your diet, you can reduce your weight for 15 pounds.
If it is necessary, the diet may be repeated but with breaks of at least 1 month.
During the first day, prepare the lemonade with lemon juice from one freshly squeezed lemon, diluted with 2/3 mineral water. The lemonade must be consumed early in the morning on an empty stomach. After that rinse the mouth with a weak solution of baking soda (1/3 teaspoon baking soda with a half a cup of water) to neutralize the acid and to protect the tooth enamel. During the day the food consumption is common or slightly limited. The only condition is to not eat anything after 7 pm.
In the following days every morning the quantity of squeezed lemons increases by 1, up to 6 lemons, the proportion of dilution with mineral water remains the same.
After that follows one day break of drinking lemonade in the morning. Mix 3 liters of boiled water with juice of 3 lemons and 3 tablespoons honey. Drink this mixture throughout the day, without consuming any food.
From the eighth day

########
Rank: 5
Score: 37.211994
Retrieved Text: You are here: Home / Giveaway / Chicken Soup for The Soul: From Lemons to Lemonade. When Life Hands You Lemons, Make Lemonade!
My mother always told me that there is not one problem that can last for more than a hundred years. Which of course, she meant that any problem can be overcome, any tribulation will be passed and that you have to make the best out of every situation because every situation or problem has a solution.
This book lists over 100 inspiring stories of people who have taken lemons and instead of being bitter, made lemonade. They share how they made best of a situation.
When life hands you lemons… make lemonade! This collection is full of inspiring true stories from others who did just that, and will help you make the best of any bad situation. You will find inspiration, encouragement, and guidance on turning what seemed like a negative into something positive in these 101 sweet stories of success!
I think I have had so many moments in my life where I was handed lemons. I had the choice whether to wallow in the bitterness or to say, guess what, I’m making sweet lemonade! Isn’t life better this way? Well, I don’t want to spoil any of the stories in this book for you and I’m sure there’s one in there that you can relate to!
Win It to Read It!
3 lucky Whispered Inspirations readers will win a copy of this amazingly positive book! This contest open on Sept. 26th, 2013 and ends on October 11th,

########
Rank: 6
Score: 36.924847
Retrieved Text: That too is the Silicon Valley I remember. Cloudless blue skies only occasionally blurred by morning fog (never smog), sunny days and chilly nights. Southern California was the land of citrus, but the orchards of Santa Clara valley grew a variety of stone fruit. I’d go with my mom to the local farm stands and diligently pick the firmest, darkest Bing cherries one by one, knowing that unlike most fruits it was the hardest cherries that were the sweetest. I’d gorge on delicate Blenheim apricots by the dozen, their slightly tart peels holding the most delicious soft jammy fruit. I loved the deeply purple Italian prune plums, their shape more oval than regular plums and their bright yellow flesh sweeter.
Today the stone fruit trees are all but gone, and oddly enough the legacy of the orchards is found not in stone fruit but in a lemon-orange hybrid brought to the U.S. from China in the early 1900s by US Department of Agriculture scout Frank Meyer. The aromatic Meyer lemon – sweeter, rounder and juicier than the standard type – serves as the present-day reminder of the valley’s fruit-filled past.
In much of the country Meyer lemons, if they can be found at all, sell for exorbitant prices as an unusual novelty. But here in Silicon Valley mature Meyer lemon shrubs and trees are found in many backyards, their abundant fruit mostly falling to the ground unused by their busy technology-industry owners.
The Wall Street Journal had a fascinating piece last fall about the foraging trend in and around

########
Rank: 7
Score: 36.636993
Retrieved Text: Most of the time I drink water but during the summer I crave fruity drinks. You should definitely try this Pineapple Lemonade recipe to quench your thirst.
Everyday after work I pick up the kids from daycare. I’ll admit that by this point in the day we are all hot and little grouchy. My solution is usually a fun drink. Sometimes I’ll just get a sparkling water and add a little fruit juice. But sometimes I want something a little better.
We have a long history of making fun drinks in my house. Whether it’s coffee drinks, smoothies, juice blends or other concoctions. I love mixing seasonal fruits to create a new drink. Remember my Strawberry Lemonade?
One of the best things about making your own drinks is having absolute control of the ingredients. In this recipe, the pineapple juice is very sweet so you may not need to add a sweetener. If it isn’t sweet enough for you go with your favorite sweetener whether it’s sugar, agave nectar or stevia.
One of the great things about this recipe is that you can switch it up depending on what fruit you have. I happen to love pineapple but mix in fresh berries to add another pop of flavor!
One thing to consider is that sometimes lemons are very juicy and sometimes I only get a tablespoon or so of juice from them. If you feel you need more lemon flavor try adding some lemon zest. It’s big on flavor and will intensify the glorious lemon taste.
In a pitcher add the pineapple

########
Rank: 8
Score: 36.58404
Retrieved Text: Help for your child is now available!
Lemons 2 Lemonade: how to handle life when things go sour between Mom and Dad is an easy to use and fun to watch 45 minute home video program. It was created to entertain children while they learn how to handle the tough, sometimes “sour”, feelings that come up when parents decide to divorce.
Designed for children 6 to 12 years old, Lemons 2 Lemonade will help many families gain valuable information and important skills about how to handle the changes brought about by a divorce.
All families change. How things change depends on the choices parents and children make together. In a delightfully interactive way, Lemons 2 Lemonade lets kids know that even though divorce happens, families are forever.
Divorce is a time of crisis and it can feel devastating. It is a time when everything feels crazy and uncertain. We struggle with feeling out of control, angry, lonely, guilty, hopeless and helpless.
One of parents greatest concerns is how divorce will affect their children. Divorce does not doom children to years of emotional problems or lifelong dysfunction. Exposure to constant parental conflict and unhealthy families situations, however, can.
Because divorce leaves us feeling emotionally vulnerable, our tendency is to focus on all the things we can't change verses what we can change.
What most parents need to help their children is information, reassurance and support. Sometimes, however, when we most need help, it is not readily available. This site was designed to bridge the gap for parents by making information and resources both available

########
Rank: 9
Score: 36.403812
Retrieved Text: When the mercury rises, there is nothing that quenches thirst better than a nice tall glass of cool lemonade. It conjures up memories of hot, hazy days spent rocking in a wooden chair, telling stories with a neighbor as the world slowly passes by. When you sip, you can’t help but think of summer.
There are a lot of special mixes out there that can give you the taste of summer in a glass in mere minutes, but I like to take the fresh approach. Although it takes a few moments more, I can control the sweetness and it is well worth the effort to squeeze a few lemons.
The secret to this lemonade is making simple syrup first. When seeing this in a recipe, do not be deterred! It is really easy- and saves you from stirring and stirring trying to get sugar to dissolve. Simple syrup is great for any drink recipe that calls for granulated sugar and you can make extra to keep in the fridge!
This recipe for Orange Lemonade came about when I realized I did not have enough lemons to finish a batch. I looked to my fruit bowl and saw I had quite a few oranges, so I decided to try them and the result was fantastic!
To make a simple syrup, it’s simple really: equal parts sugar to water, simmer in pot, stirring occasionally until sugar dissolves. Cool before adding to drink mixture. That’s it! You can get creative with infusing flavors such as mint, thyme, basil, vanilla, cinnamon, or whatever interests

########
Rank: 10
Score: 36.336838
Retrieved Text: “If it weren’t for bad luck, she’d have no luck at all,” lament the family of Fancy Selk, who has been the victim of horrific abuse. Fancy decides it is high time she learns to make lemonade from lemons instead of always making lemons from lemonade. As she learns to survive her past abuse, young Dr. Richard “Rick” Winslow manages to go back in time to find the beautiful young woman. Rick learns Fancy is married to another man. When her husband is killed at Yorktown, she finally admits her attraction for the handsome physician, as they fall in love, only to be ripped apart not once, but twice.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 36.32324
Retrieved Text: Meyer lemons easily differentiate themselves from a common lemon with their smaller size, smoother, thinner rind and less pronounced mammilla. They are more round than ovate, measuring up to 8 centimeters in diameter. They are a deep, brilliant yellow color. Meyer lemons are highly fragrant; the rinds are full of volatile oils. Their pulp is low in acid, aromatic, floral and sweet. Meyer lemons are only moderately seedy.
Meyer lemons are available year-round, with a peak season in the winter through spring months.
The Meyer lemon, botanically known as Citrus meyerii, is believed to be a natural hybrid of a lemon and either a mandarin or a sweet orange. Meyer lemon trees were plagued by disease until 1975 when the University of California re-released the "Improved Meyer Lemon" tree.
Meyer lemons are a good source of vitamin C, and a source of potassium, calcium and magnesium. The lemons get their flavor and an antioxidant boost from thymol and limonene, flavonoids that protect the immune system.
Meyer lemons are used for their fragrant zest and juice, which is sweeter and more floral than a Eureka or Lisbon. Slice lemons thinly and add to pizza. Add zest to butter cookies, cranberry scones, cheesecake batter or macarons. Juice and combine with water and simple syrup for lemonade. Mix juice and zest with egg yolks and butter, then cook into lemon curd. Toss fresh pasta with lemon zest, basil and Parmesan. Combine olive oil with juice and zest and use as a marinade or vinaigrette for asparagus, broccoli, or fresh peas. Meyer lemons will

########
Rank: 12
Score: 36.250908
Retrieved Text: When I was a kid I was 100% convinced that pink lemonade was made from pink lemons (yes, pink lemons do exist but unfortunately their light pink flesh juices run clear).
Then for years I thought it was made by adding pink grapefruit juice to lemonade; it’s not.
Pink lemonade is a popular cloudy variation of traditional lemonade made with added grape juice or cranberry juice, giving the drink its distinctive pink color.
If the taste of pink and traditional are exactly the same, why does the former is more popular than the latter?
Seriously, why is pink lemonade so much more exciting than the pale yellow that meticulously depicts the lemons from which it is derived? It’s a mystery to me — especially because I consider pink color suitable only for young girls and unicorns — but I will always reach for it first.
I’ve read somewhere that the color of pink lemonade is relaxing, bright but not saturated and that people just want to feel they can unwind and with a color that’s so calming and youthful.
That’s why it’s so much popular than traditional lemonade, that by the way has no real color.
Anyways, this is mom’s recipe for pink lemonade.
It has a lot of lemon juice, a bit of sugar, and just a drop of grape juice for just the right shade of pale pink.
So much better than the powdered drink mix and honestly so simple, easy, and quick to make too.
When you're in need of a simple and delicious drink recipe, this classic pink lemonade is a sure

########
Rank: 13
Score: 36.12541
Retrieved Text: This frozen mint lemonade recipe is ultra refreshing and easy to whip up in a blender! The next watermelon treat I want to try is Rachel’ s Watermelon Fruit Leather. Pinterest helps you discover and do what you love. | A Lifestyle Travel, Party, Recipe, Beauty, Fashion Motherhood Blog.
But the punch was the star of the show. I can sell what I make with confidence knowing the recipe I used was tested proven safe. You can taste the lemonade and the tartness of this delicious pie with each bite. As you can see, this pie is super creamy.
Bite into a sweet surprise! This Sima recipe is very easy to make and a great introduction to home fermentation. Find and save ideas about Pink lemonade on Pinterest. Lemonade recipes pinterest.
THE EGG™ by Cuisinepro. So naturally we created a beach- themed was pretty.
We’ ve pulled together our most popular recipes our latest additions , our editor’ s picks so there’ s sure to be something tempting for you to try. This drink is called Limonana in the Middle East. Books with a real story line. Food Network Star Food Network Recipes Healthy Kids Healthy Meals To Cook Healthy Recipes Recipe For Success Lemonade Remembering Mom Meatball azilian Lemonade Brazilian Limeade - whatever you want to call it, this is one delicious refreshing drink that we enjoy year round!
Herbal Health Drink 1 Lavender Lemonade from I came across this lavender lemonade recipe a few days ago and instantly wanted to try it. Recipe yields 4 small servings, about 1

########
Rank: 14
Score: 36.045364
Retrieved Text: "If life gives you lemons, make lemonade." This was Dale Carnegie's way of telling us to keep a positive focus on a whole lot of negative stuff that is happening to us in life - from business difficulties to personal ones. Have you ever noticed that after a while a steady diet of lemonade gets to taste pretty bitter! If your physical body can only handle so much "acidic" intake before it starts to rebel with changes internally that you may not fully recognize until they have created a state of imbalance that you cannot easily bounce back from, what about the 'rest of you'. Guess what - your spiritual state of "balance" can be equally as disturbed by a steady diet of "bitterness". The bitterness of life can present us with much difficulty in our physical, emotional, spiritual, and relational health!
Our passage reminds us that not being able to see what God is doing leads to us kind of stumbling all over ourselves. Sometimes we even find ourselves stumbling all over each other in the process of trying to make forward progress beyond the bitter stuff in life. For many of us, "not seeing what God is doing" can be more common-place than some may think. It took me a long while in my own walk to finally come to the place where I took the time to just settle myself down long enough to finally get to the place that God could even show me what he was doing instead of just getting all

########
Rank: 15
Score: 36.026325
Retrieved Text: It likely happened before to you. It will happen again. Sometimes that’s good. Other times – not. You get “the sign” – that icky feeling that something just isn’t right or not working for you. That feeling of being anxious, uneasy, disconnected or out-of-sorts.
You are experiencing a Defining Moment ….
• The moment you realize that your current job doesn’t connect to you — a defining moment.
• When something happens in your job or business that is a game changer — it’s the moment.
• The time when you realize that your career is not for you and you want more – the moment again.
• A time when you get the “ah hah” — you are just not happy in some part of your life as you realize what you thought you had, you don’t. The moment happens again.
1. You can let it pass and miss an opportunity.
2. Or grab it, and make the changes you need to find passion, commitment and drive.
In my practice, I have witnessed – all too often — defining moments that occurred that someone failed to act on. Sometimes this led to lost opportunity – the promotion they didn’t take, the signs of trouble in their employment that led to the business to fail or cutting people – often themselves. The firing you “didn’t see coming” (that never happens — there is always signs – read more by Harvey MacKay in his book We Got Fired! http://www.harveymackay.com). The opportunity to break out of what they have been doing that isn’t right for them

########
Rank: 16
Score: 36.004776
Retrieved Text: It all began when Mother Hen sent Ferdinand to the store to buy some nice berries for the family dinner. Ferdinand does not enjoy shopping, so as it turns out, he was not the best choice for the errand. Nina likes to shop, but she was busy with chores. Even so, Mother Hen should have sent her.
Anyway, Ferdinand decided to grab something quick so he could get on with his day. There were frogs to chase and baseballs to bat and Things to Do. Summer days, though long, are not long enough to waste time shopping. So as soon as he got to the market, he went directly to the fruit section which was outside under a big green awning.
There he saw many small baskets of colorful berries. But what caught his eye were big netted bags of bright yellow fruit. Ferdinand loves the color yellow. They looked delicious! He bought three large bags and set them in his wagon.
"I'll surprise my mom with these. They ought to be enough to keep everyone happy for a while," he thought, proud of his selection.
But when he got home, Mother Hen was aghast.
"Lemons!" she cried, making a sour face. "What will I do with those?" She shooed Ferdinand away and went to the store herself which was a very good idea.
Ferdinand was crestfallen. He told Nina what happened, and to his surprise her face brightened.
"Lemons!" she exclaimed. "I know what to do with those." And she told him her Big Idea.
That is how F&N's Lemonade came to be.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 35.861504
Retrieved Text: I started thinking about this phrase on a drive down from the North Coast a while ago, in the midst of praying (that’s what I attempt to do in the car on long stretches … I would recommend). It felt significant and came quite out of the blue. Suddenly it started to grate on me (no zesty pun intended), and it wouldn’t really leave my mind. How does one make lemonade when your lemons are in the shape of being widowed at 29? Surely this is the lemonade-less exception to the rule?
So I prayed some more. I prayed because it made me uncomfortable - what positive things can come from the death of someone truly incredible? What positive things can come from two tiny children losing their daddy? I concluded that this was the end of this line of enquiry because it made me feel so rotten, but I didn’t stop praying because the phrase “make lemonade” wouldn’t leave my mind. I don’t know about you, but I’ve found that this is how God gets my attention sometimes. I need to be nagged.
Fast forward a week and it was my daughter’s birthday. I was baking her birthday cake - a lemon drizzle (her favourite) - and the recipe required me to juice and zest a few lemons. I rolled one across the worktop to soften it, cut it in half, squeezed … and suddenly, pain. A rag nail on my finger seared in agony, acidic lemon juice pouring into the fresh cut. I carried on (stoic

########
Rank: 18
Score: 35.664787
Retrieved Text: A lot of people are reluctant to openly declare that they are happy because they are afraid that people would be jealous or react negatively. Happiness Happens Day was created to encourage people to share their happy news without feeling bad about it. There’s nothing wrong with being happy and sharing your happiness with the world!
Happiness Happens Day was first celebrated in 1999 as Admit You’re Happy Day. The date of August 8 was chosen because on this day in 1998 the first member joined the Secret Society of Happy People. The next year, the Society declared August as Happiness Happens Month.
If you want to celebrate Happiness Happens Day, you can join an online social media event known as HappyThon. Its aim is to send inspirational messages and share happy moments via texts, emails, or social networks. Another tradition of Happiness Happens Day is toasting with pink lemonade. Why pink lemonade? Lemonade is a reference to the proverbial phrase “When life gives you lemons, make lemonade”, and pink is just pretty.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 35.531666
Retrieved Text: My title is a rather lofty claim, and perhaps I should save such adjectives like “best” for the drink recipe that contains no less than 15 ingredients (at least more than three). But, then again, one of my eating/cooking philosophies is that simple food can be very good. And the gallons of lemonade that I have drunk attest to the fact that I love this recipe.
Shannon is hosting a carnival of recipes that contain five ingredients or less. While, thankfully, most drink recipes to not contain more than 5 ingredients anyways, I still thought that this lemonade would be a perfect thing to share. First of all, it is my favorite lemonade. Secondly, it is a cinch to make. Thirdly, it is extremely healthy. Fourthly, is is very low calorie, for those watching their weight. Fifthly, is is sugar free, but doesn’t contain any of those nasty sugar substitutes, but only a little herb called stevia.This is one of the only things I have really, really liked stevia in. It really just tastes….. sweet in lemonade, instead of herby like it can in other things. It definitely has appeal to the masses. And last but not least, if you don’t count the water, you only need two ingredients to make it!
But before we get to this very easy recipe, I wanted to invite any readers here from the Works for me Wednesday to a carnival that Stephanie and I are hosting together. With rising food costs, we thought we could pool our resources by sharing recipes

########
Rank: 20
Score: 35.398525
Retrieved Text: LEMONADE MARTINI for NATIONAL LEMONADE DAY!
If you add booze it's Lemon Aide!
Nothing is more refreshing on a hot summer day than an ice cold glass of fresh lemonade . . . . with booze in it! Lemons have some great health benefits, their acidic qualities bring out the flavors of foods and adding a twist of lemon to a cocktail always perks up the taste buds. The fruit itself is packed with tart goodness and the rind (zest) is loaded with lemon oils which are like nuclear powered lemon magnificence.
The ancient Egyptians believed that eating or drinking lemons would provide an effective protection against a variety of poisons, and today's knowledge of the health benefits of lemons confirms this. Lemons are known to have antibacterial, antiviral, and immune-boosting powers.
Rub the rim of the glass with the slice of lemon, dip rim into the lemon sugar crystals then chill glass in freezer.
Add all the ingredients to the cocktail shaker, shake until chilled then strain into the chill glass.
Garnish with the lemon twist and serve.
Get the Lemon Aide Martini Recipe on Recipe Cards Here.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 35.389175
Retrieved Text: Lots of people are starting their own day having one glass of lemon water. They drink it first thing every the morning. This really is something that lots of people do all over the world. Unfortunately, not really everyone can handle the bitter taste associated with lemons. Lemons are very healthful and full of beneficial nutrients which are important for the general health.
According to the specialists we should almost all drink lemon water each and every morning since the juice through the lemons consists of carbohydrates, phosphorus, flavonoids, protein, potassium, antioxidants, volatile natural oils, and nutritional vitamins B as well as C. The actual powerful juice of lemons has antibacterial, immune-building as well as antiviral attributes. It contains higher amounts of nutritional vitamins, magnesium, calcium, citric acidity, pectin, limonene, and bioflavonoids.
Due to its attributes, the juice of lemons is very effective in abolishing bacterial infections and it increases immunity. Consuming warm lemon juice water soon after waking up, with an empty belly, will help you in lots of ways. It eliminates the system, cravings for food, assists the digestive function, creates an alkaline environment in your body and amounts the pH levels in your body and by improving the metabolic process helps losing weight. It includes much vitamin C and one cup of lemon juice has 187% from the daily requirement for vitamin C.
Drinking lemon water is extremely beneficial, but many individuals make 1 mistake while preparing the comfortable lemon drinking water. Usually, we don’t use the peel from the lemon even though it`s probably the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 35.35819
Retrieved Text: Gardens are supposed to smell pretty and fresh, right?
I searched around for a bit and then found the problem.
​Our mint container was soaked from last week’s rain.
​It was so soggy it was almost totally gross.
Mint is not supposed to smell like this ever! Something had to be done to save our mint. If this happens to you, learn from us and help your plant right away!
First thing I noticed was our pot didn’t have any drainage holes. Ooops. I pulled out the plant and thankfully the roots still looked pretty healthy so I decided to replant. I know that if the roots were black and mushy it might be better to start with a fresh plant. Thankfully, I don’t have to do that!
​Lesson learned, always check for proper drainage when buying and using pots!
First, I grabbed a drill and quickly added a couple holes. Then we added some rocks to help with the drainage and then some new soil. If you have some extra wood, rocks or brick, you can even raise up the container so the water can drain out even faster.
Give a boost to your average lemonade stand: Add freshness from the garden!
​There’s nothing that helps beat the heat of summer better than a glass of fresh ice cold lemonade. Oh wait, there actually is. It’s a fresh ice cold glass of STRAWBERRY MINT LEMONADE made by kids straight from the garden!
Kids today are extremely savvy and smart when it comes to marketing so differentiating their product these days by adding extra surprises to

########
Rank: 23
Score: 35.18346
Retrieved Text: The originator of the proverb, “When life gives you lemons, make lemonade,” did not have in mind the sort of “lemons” we are being handed today: foreign and domestic policies that are, without exaggeration, anti-life. What are you doing–or what do you plan to start doing–to make lemonade out of this rotten fruit while working to save the country? We’ll start in the first hour by discussing some of this week’s lemons, while devoting the second hour to the making of lemonade. Be prepared to call in with your lemonade recipes!
Bosch Fawstin: Rond Paul 2016?
How Many Voters Think the President Is Dishonest?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 35.183006
Retrieved Text: What you crave on a hot, summer day – quench your thirst.
Blend 1 C. water and 1 C. sugar well in small saucepan. Bring to a boil, stirring frequently, until sugar dissolves completely. Let cool and refrigerate. Mix the syrup well with the juice from 4-6 lemons (strained or not, as you like) and stir well. Add 4 C. cold water and mix. Try using sparkling water for some fizz! Pour into thermos or large jug, adding thin lemon slices if you'd like.
Tip: Make more lemonade thank you need and freeze it in ice cube trays, adding the cubes to the lemonade so it's never diluted.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 34.929523
Retrieved Text: Lemonade Wars, ever read it (or heard it, love me an audio book)? If you haven’t, I recommend it. It’s a children’s book, but it shows the power of lemonade!
Get yourself 2 lemons. I know they look like oranges! Citrus racist. Squeeze those bad boys.
Water it to about 4 or 5 cups. Blend for 10-15 seconds.
Then mix delicious lemonade stuff with a bit more water to fill a pitcher.
One time a lady was in a hurry so she gave me a whole dollar and left without lemonade. That’s what I call a win-win-win.
What lemonade based childhood memories do you have?
Dwayne Johnson? Tupac? Any lemonade memories?
Next Post Managing Money – Why so hard? What can do?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 34.851467
Retrieved Text: Many people put lemon in cold water simply to enhance its taste, without realizing that so many benefits are related with it. In fact, drinking cold lemon water is so beneficial that everyone should try it. You will notice that lemon water helps quench thirst better than all other drinks. Moreover, you will reap several health benefits that come from the minerals, vitamins, and trace elements found in lemons.
Drinking plain water is definitely good as it contains no calories, but adding lemon in water offers several other benefits without adding too many calories. You only get 7 calories from an ounce of lemon juice mixed in a cup of cold water. Therefore, cold lemon water is actually a much better alternative to lemonade which has 99 calories a cup.
Some of the most impressive cold lemon water benefits come from its vitamin C content.
Your body needs vitamin C to make collagen, which keeps your skin soft and healthy, and protects your skin from sunlight.
Moreover, vitamin C works as an antioxidant and eliminates free radicals from your body. This in turn prevents oxidative damage to cells and provides you with healthier skin.
Your body also relies on vitamin C to help metabolize cholesterol and absorb non-heme iron to prevent iron deficiency.
You get about 11.8 mg of vitamin C from an ounce of lemon juice mixed in a cup of cold water. This provides you with 16% of your recommended daily intake of vitamin C.
The atomic structure of lemon juice is quite similar to the digestive juices in your stomach.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 34.84247
Retrieved Text: This world and the people in it are not perfect. Circumstances often arise that we don’t want, wish or enjoy. What makes or breaks these moments is how we handle them. It’s not just about the unwanted times of life but how we choose to react to them.
Think back on your life so far. What has shaped you the most? Yes, the high and low moments of happiness, tragedy, success or failure are big. But digging deeper, what truly impacts us is how we choose to think, act, and move forward from those monumental events. The big moments are catalysts which cause us to react and eventually adapt.
How we react depends on how we think. How we think isn’t about intelligence or talent. Our thinking and subsequent reactions stem from our overall attitude. How do we see this world and all that’s in it? Events and people can shape our attitude but ultimately this is something we alone control.
Whether life throws us lemons or roses, what we do with them depends on our attitude. Lemon moments can either cause us to lament our plight or make some lemonade. Rose petal moments of life are often easier to take in stride. But these matter too. When life is going well, how can we share and make someone else’s day smell a little more fragrant? What we choose in every moment stems from our unique perspective.
If there’s one constant in this life, it’s change. How we deal with the changing events, people and things that will come our

########
Rank: 28
Score: 34.802704
Retrieved Text: The summer season brings back the fruit we know and love: peaches, cherries, watermelon, plums, variegated lemons. You’re right — that last one doesn’t make it onto too many shopping lists, and for a good reason. This odd-looking citrus is quite a conversation starter, but no one really knows how they’re different from regular lemons. Here’s your quick primer.
Variegated lemons develop a striking green striped coloring as they ripen. They get their “variegated” name from the patchy, uneven leaves they grow from on the trees. At the peak of ripeness, their rind turns a pale yellow color, but you can still see hints of the green stripes. Slice one of these odd beauties and you’ll find the inner flesh to be a soft pink like a grapefruit.
Not only are they stunning, but these lemons also have fewer seeds than they’re more popular counterpart, the Eureka Lemon (what you find in supermarkets and corner stores). Sounds like the perfect lemon, doesn’t it? Be wary, this lemon does carry a strong kick. Its tartness lends well to desserts or anything that needs a little extra something.
Naturally, you’re wondering if pink lemonade is made with these pink lemons. I mean, that would make sense, right? Sadly, no, pink lemonade is just added dye (sorry if we crushed your dreams). The variegated lemon does make a great (slightly pink) lemonade though. Garnish it with a peel of that striped rind, and you’ve got a striking lemonade without much effort.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 34.788258
Retrieved Text: Yes, its been almost 6 months since I last wrote something and it took my frustration with lemons and their seeds to make me do it!
The delay in writing? Take a read-though “New York, New York, a Hell of a Town,” and multiply it ten-fold.
Still working on ways to move hoooome to New York. What comes first, the chicken or the egg? You need a place to live in New York in order to look for work. But in order to look for work, you need a place to live. The universe is telling me its time to go home. Argh!
Adding fuel to the fire, being “down-sized” from the job that was keeping me afloat so I could continue working on my veg aspirations and dreams. Not a good combination.
They say, “When life give you lemons, make lemonade.” Well, I’m workin’ on it. But, even the lemons themselves are frustrating! But…. I figured out the lemon problem, or at least, part of it.
Lemons are SO expensive these days. Why is that? And they’re not as lemon-y as they used to be. And they seem to have an awful lot of seeds. Of course, you want to get as much juice as possible out of each lemon, and deal with the multitude of seeds as little as possible, so…. voila!, I started putting a fine mesh sieve (colander) over a bowl, squeezed the lemons into the sieve, and got all of the juice while trapping the seeds. Eureka. I have found the answer! Even better would be

================



======= Instance Index 19 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are weaker or stronger ):

Anaerobic exercises cause muscles to get bigger and stronger.


When we spend time lifting a lot of weights we become weaker or stronger?

Target Text: stronger

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 33.812317
Retrieved Text: There are a lot of reasons why I like to lift weights, But I narrowed it down to just five. I started this as a post on my Fit Balanced Body page but thought is was a little to long for that.
By lifting weights we will become strong or stay strong, making it easier to do our daily activities like cleaning our homes, doing yard work, carrying our grocerie bags, and if you are like me change our furniture around.
Neurotransmitters that prevent pain, improve mood, and enhance pleasure. We can all use some of that, am I right?
When we just cut calories without exercise we tend to lose muscle along with fat. No, that is not good. When we lose muscle our bodies become less efficient at burning fat. When we gain muscle our bodies will burn fat 24/7. Now thats a good reason to pick up the weights don't you think?
Yes, Can you believe I was 35 when I was diagnosed with borderline osteoporosis. That was scary to me! Instead of going on a pill I decided to pick up the weights. I am happy to say that now I am in the middle of the osteopenia stage. As we get older we have a greater chance for our bones to become weaker but lifting weights will build back strong bones.
If you like the gym, that is awesome, but for many woman and men they do not like going to the gym or they travel to much. You really just need to buy some dumbbells.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 30.669928
Retrieved Text: There are so many different exercise options available to us these days, so it’s no wonder you don’t know where to begin or what is going to work BEST for producing the type of results that you want.
So today i’m going to make a case for you using weight training as your major form of exercise.
Who doesn’t like being able to do daily tasks with ease and lift things you didn’t think you could?
Weight training allows us to strengthen muscle fibres and create new muscle tissue as you become more accustomed to regular weight training.
Oh….You don’t want to look like Arnold Schwarzenegger from lifting weights?
and definition to the areas you currently want to change and give you the tone you’re looking for.
Lifting weights and other weight bearing exercise has been shown to increase or maintain bone density and reduce the risk of osteoporosis therefore reducing the risk of related fractures.
Bigger Compound (Multi Joint) exercises such as squats and bench press can be especially beneficial and weight training even helps strengthen connective tissue too, reducing your risk of injury.
It can be tedious right?
Well…. with weight training that isn’t the case, each session can be varied as the exercises you can do are virtually endless and i’m yet to find someone who find getting stronger, sexier and more toned boring.
If there was ever an assassin to your health and waistline, it’s definitely stress!
Our lives today are hectic, that’s for sure.
We all have stress and we’d all like to reduce it, especially given that the impact of stress hormones

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.374714
Retrieved Text: The truth is that everybody starts as a beginner. And those first few months of practice are never pretty.
During the early stages of a new sport, you’re going to make a lot of mistakes. And that’s ok! If you never made any mistakes, you wouldn’t learn nearly as fast.
Alas, there are quite a few problems with how runners are getting stronger. These training errors are robbing runners of speed and building only a small amount of strength.
I don’t want you to train poorly. Poor training is frustrating and wastes a lot of time.
Instead, I want you to be able to recognize these mistakes and know why they’re sub-optimal.
Then you’ll be able to train more effectively – and race faster!
I love a good functional strength class. In fact, I used to take a functional core strength class in Boston that shredded my abs. It was a blast.
But it’s not how runners should get strong.
Unfortunately, if you want to learn how to start lifting weights properly, this approach is misguided. It wastes a lot of time and isn’t the best way to gain strength.
First, any strength workout that includes circuits with little rest (like most fitness classes, DVD’s, or CrossFit) is not optimally building strength.
But don’t take it from me. Randy Hauer is a USA Weightlifting National Coach and strength coach to elite runners in Boulder, CO.
I love this brand of honesty.
So not only are these circuits counterproductive but they’re too hard! Yes, all that huffing and puffing from lifting weights is needlessly challenging.
A more effective option is

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.254976
Retrieved Text: Should You Be Lifting Weights?
Posted bymocean365	 November 12, 2018 Leave a comment on Should You Be Lifting Weights?
Many people think my training as primarily bodyweight based as they see me doing lots of it and incorporating it with my clientele. But what they might not know is I’ve been lifting weight in one form or another for my entire life and continue to lift thousands of pounds weekly (or daily), even as i am now closer to 50 then 40 years young.
As a lifetime occupational athlete, lifting large amounts of weight has been my norm as has been physical training to stay strong for outdoor adventures. Various forms of physical labor from an early age that still continues to this day. One job in the 90’s, I would regularly lift over a 1000 pounds an hour for 10 hours at a bodyweight of 170 pounds, slinging 80-100 pound meat boxes as a fast as humanly possible, getting paid for speed. It was always a dream of “getting paid to move and helping others do the same” and that is exactly what has happened.
This all led me to bodyweight training as I have always been a firm believer in balancing out How we move. Lifting lots of weight can bring with it lots of tightness and if you are not careful, can change how you function. Bodyweight training has become a larger part of my movement practice and I spend large amounts of time on groundwork.
This year marks my first step away from commercial labor in many

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.832298
Retrieved Text: It’s Friday and I don’t want to go too heavy on details so I’m just going to do a quick piece on my priorities when I’m coaching ladies.
Over the last 18 months, the female membership base here in StrongLife Gym has exploded and it’s currently at about 60% females.
All in lifting weights, training hard and heavy and making progress week after week.
Many have said they can’t believe what they’re achieving without starving themselves and running like crazy.
Which brings me to my first point.
This can be quite tricky at first. But over time it proves hugely valuable.
Unfortunately, over the last 10+ years, society and sh*tty magazines have been telling ladies that they need to be stick thin, pushing ridiculous low calorie diets and the worst of all, manipulating them by selling them terrible products to lose weight with unrealistic results or downright dangerous protocols.
Long term dieting will strip you of valuable nutrients, let alone vital muscle mass. It will leave you with little to no energy and will rob you of any happiness with your own body.
So my first job is to get girls eating more and nourishing their bodies with good food and understanding their calorie requirements and food sources.
If you’ve been dieting for years then it’s more than likely that your body has hit a wall and you can’t lose any more weight. What we do here is bring you back up to maintenance calories so your body can recover. Spend a few months there and then when we cut calories for fat loss you

########
Rank: 5
Score: 29.70467
Retrieved Text: Weight training can do wonders for your body. It increases your strength as well as your muscle tone. Regular weight training has been shown to improve bone density. It also increases the size of your muscles, which is an aesthetic that many athletes enjoy. Practicing safety rules at all times ensures that you reap the rewards without many of the risks.
Learn proper form and technique from an experienced trainer before you attempt to lift weights. Lifting weights the wrong way could result in serious injury. It's especially tempting to cheat and use poor form as you get to the end of sets. Remind yourself to use the right form or simply stop the set. Choose a weight that you can comfortably lift 12 to 15 times. If you aren't able to maintain proper form with your goal weight, reduce the amount of weight you're lifting until you can keep up proper form. The more you lift, the stronger you will get, and you can gradually increase the amount of weight your body is capable of lifting in the right way.
Breathe regularly while lifting weights. Exhale slowly while you are lifting the weight. Inhale slowly as you put it back down. Breathe normally between sets. Exhaling while lifting the weight helps to prevent a sudden spike in blood pressure. Just say no to the temptation to hold your breath or breathe shallowly during a workout, as this limits the oxygen supply to the muscles and the brain.
A warmup isn't optional when it comes to weight training. The

########
Rank: 6
Score: 29.677267
Retrieved Text: Spend 10 minutes at the gym and you’ll hear a lot more than grunting and loud music. People will actually tell you how to work out! It’s as if everyone who goes to the gym, more than 3 days a week, think they’re some sort of professional trainer. They walk around confident as can be, going from one machine to another.
When I first caught gym fever, I wanted advice from my fellow gym enthusiasts. My mother, my friends, trainers at the gym, even the 80 year old woman on the treadmill; they looked like they knew what they were doing so I thought they could help me.
Crunches are the best ab exercise. Not true! According to Health Magazine, crunches aren’t the number one way to flatten your tummy.”Since they don’t burn off a lot of calories, they don’t help in a major way with fat loss,” I was shocked! Doing 100 planks would give you better results than 100 crunches. Of course, 100 crunches sounds far easier than holding 100 planks; but I guess that’s the point.
Lifting weights makes women look bulky. Yes, if all you’re doing is lifting the heaviest weights all day. Lifting 10 to 15 lbs every other day at the gym isn’t going to make you the next hulk. Trust me, lifting weights was the only thing I did for a month and my arms didn’t form much muscle. They definitely got more toned but I didn’t become a bodybuilder over night.
You didn’t have a good work out if you didn’t sweat.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 29.43004
Retrieved Text: You might be surprised to learn that, in your journey to gain weight, you’ve noticed that weight gain programs are subject to just as much controversy and misinformation as weight loss programs. So much time and money is spent on developing solutions for weight loss, so gaining weight should be the easiest thing in the world, right?
Unfortunately, it’s not that simple. There are plenty of myths and outright lies when it comes to weight gain programs and it can be difficult to separate fact from fiction. Many guys fall prey to such misinformation and waste endless hours in the gym and in the kitchen pursuing programs that will never work. Read on to discover a few myths about gaining weight and muscle, and why they could harm you.
This myth comes mostly from people who don’t know any better and haven’t done any real research into bodybuilding and lifting weights. These are the guys who you typically see in the gym every day of the week, spending an hour lifting their butts off and running on a treadmill.
While exercise is certainly one of the most important components of weight gain programs, it’s not the only important aspect. Eating a proper diet and allowing your body time to rest are also important; in fact, most bodybuilders agree that lifting weights, diet, and rest are the most important aspects of gaining weight. Spend five days in the gym lifting weights every week and you aren’t allowing your muscles nearly enough time to rest.
Since sleep is incredibly important for the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 29.130133
Retrieved Text: We live in a world where more and more people are getting into health and fitness and exercise is a big part of and. Most of us who want to exercise do it at the gym and this takes quite a lot of effort, discipline and money and because of this, you need to make sure that the work you put in is effective. Even though any exercise is good if you want to truly maximise the effects you need to do it the right way. Here are a few tips to help you out.
Cardio is something we need to do in order to lose weight but it’s something almost everyone hates. It tends to be boring and long and for people living a fast-paced life, this is not the best way to exercise. High intensity interval training ( HIIT for short) is one of the most effective ways to do cardio. It’s short but extremely hard and more effective when compared to normal cardio so you will get more out of the time you spend.
If you are someone lifting weights as part of your workout go as heavy as you can. Sticking in the 5-8 rep range is considered to be the best as this puts your muscles under more strain the weights that will allow you to do 10 – 12 reps. However, you need to be careful and know your limit when doing this as the heavier you go the more dangerous it can become.
This is one of the most important things you

########
Rank: 9
Score: 29.106537
Retrieved Text: Seniors Can Still Bulk Up On Muscle By Pressing Iron Our muscle mass decreases at surprising rates as we get older. But researchers found that people older than 50 can not only maintain but actually increase their muscle mass by lifting weights.
Sandy Palais, 73, of Arizona started lifting weights about 10 years ago after she was diagnosed with osteoporosis.
As we age, our muscle mass decreases at surprising rates. According to Dr. David Heber, director of UCLA's Center for Human Nutrition, an average male who weights 180 pounds might after age 60 lose as much as 10 pounds of muscle mass over a decade.
But can we turn that around?
In fact, new research published in the journal Medicine & Science In Sports & Exercise finds older adults who begin lifting weights after 50 may win the battle against age-related muscle loss.
Palais started weight training to build bone mass. But she built muscle mass as well.
"You have to do what we call resistance exercise," Heber says. This can take a lot of different forms. "It could be lifting weights, it could be stretchy bands, but the key is you have to stretch a muscle."
When you stretch a muscle to the point of straining it, as is the goal during weight lifting, you set in motion the body's natural muscle-building response. The muscle has to adapt to the damage and build itself up to be prepared for the next weightlifting assault. In this way, muscles build fiber and actually increase in size.
Take the success story of 73-year-old Sandy Palais of

########
Rank: 10
Score: 28.584036
Retrieved Text: The last several months my confidence has improved tremendously, and with it my riding has steadily progressed as well. Not only have my times on the barrel pattern improved, but I’m riding more aggressively than ever.
While losing fifty pounds certainly does help to a certain extent, what has helped more than anything is getting stronger, not just in my core but all over. When you feel strong, you feel in control of not only your horse, but yourself as well and that builds confidence.
I had mentioned in one of my earlier posts that I didn’t spend hours at the gym. I have an extremely busy life between working two jobs, running a horse farm, writing books & marketing them, and writing blogs. I don’t have the time to spend an hour every day at the gym.I lift weights and only do a total of 4-5 exercises per workout. It only takes around 20-30 minutes at most to complete the exercises that I do. That’s realistic and achievable for someone that’s busy.
There are three exercises in particular that have helped me the most in becoming a better rider. I like these exercises because not only do you work multiple muscle groups, you also get a cardio workout as well.
The first is a walking lunge with a forward arm raise. Here I’m using 10 pound weights. This is a great exercise for riding because not only does it work your legs, but it also requires balance to execute the position, and it works your entire core to lift

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.583458
Retrieved Text: My prior post Fitness Tips: How Not To Be Annoying In Gym Class was very popular, so after some recent experiences in the weight room for the umpteenth time, I figured it was time for this sequel--Fitness Tips: How Not To be Annoying When Working Out With Weights.
Sorry, but this one's definitely a guy thing. We know you're lifting weights. In fact, the whole gym is well aware that you're lifting weights. We know you're lifting a dumbbell, but there's no need to be one. Keep it to yourself. The grunting and groaning is SO unnecessary. Do you ever hear a woman make that much noise lifting weights? We know you exist, and we'd prefer you existed much more quietly.
How many times have you finally spied a weight bench after a long wait (pun intended), and when you triumphantly went to rush over to capture it, found a big messy blob of sweat on the bench? Eeww, right? Obviously the person who used the bench before that person didn't leave it that way, or they wouldn't have used it. So what could someone possibly be thinking about when leaving the bench in that condition? "I hope they didn't see me?" "I'm leaving my sweat for posterity?"
Here's a memo for you. The gym requires you to bring a towel--use it! And those little paper towel stations with disinfectant spray are not a decoration either!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.568626
Retrieved Text: It’s a miracle to be pain free. I can walk long distances, spend a long time in front of the computer, carry heavy weight objects, can workout at gym lifting weights and generally feel better with more energy.
Want to be sure our care is what you are looking for? Spend some time talking one-to-one with our Doctors for free.
Call 415-751-7071 today to schedule a consultation and see if we can help you.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 28.46432
Retrieved Text: A lot of male and female gym goers tend to stick to cardio equipment as the bulk of their regular workout routines. This is sad but true, and it is mostly due to the huge misconception that weight training directly translates to becoming huge and muscular.
The fact is that weight training has more effects on bone density, fat loss, joint health and cardiovascular improvements. Working out with an elliptical, bike or treadmill is better than not putting any other efforts, but the frequency of using the machines can result in injury to the joints because of repetitive strain. Integrating weight training into your routine can help make the muscles around your bones stronger, firmer and less gullible to injury and severe discomfort.
Excessive cardio might result in atrophy or loss of muscle tissue, leaving your bones to a chance of damaged joints. Training full body movements and adding heavy-weight lifting results in more effective training results.
Growing muscles is not only about heavy weight lifting, but a particular intensity and volume is also needed too. Our muscles won’t grow without all these factors. You can get stronger from lifting heavy weights and keep the volume low, so your muscles don’t grow. Don’t be afraid of lifting weights. Focus on the benefits it will have on you as an individual.
Here are some reasons you need to be encouraged to lift heavy weights.
You may have heard that the ultimate body fat burner is cardio. That might be true, but its effects cease once you get off that treadmill. Your body

########
Rank: 14
Score: 28.373987
Retrieved Text: "I don't work out with heavy weights because I don't want to look like Arnold Schwarzenegger."
Don't worry, Sweetie. It would take a heck of a lot of testosterone or anabolic steroids to get you to the same place as Arnie. Truth told - building massive muscle bulk is much more challenging for women because we just don't have the hormonal goods to deliver. That's good news! We weren't designed to build muscle in the same way as men, so, unless you're prepared to work harder than you've ever dreamed of working out, lifting heavier weights than your mind can wrap itself around, and supplement yourself with hormones to build massive muscle, you're probably not in any danger of becoming a muscle-bound woman.
Having said all of that, if you're dieting and want to burn more fat than adding more muscle through lifting weights is definitely the way to go. Lifting weights preserves existing muscle mass. When you diet you lose water, fat and muscle. Since muscle is metabolically active, when you lose it, you lose some of the power to burn fat as well. So, it's in your best interest to preserve and build muscle on your body.
Lifting weights keeps your metabolism burning fat long after you've finished your workout. There have been studies that conclude that diet alone, without weight training, reduce a person's resting metabolic rate by up to 20% per day. That means that your body has slowed its fat-burning abilities considerably, so weight loss is hampered. Weight training and muscle maintenance keeps your

########
Rank: 15
Score: 28.080505
Retrieved Text: In many ways, I approach my career athletically. I grew up playing lots of different sports and learned the value in practicing daily for incremental improvements in order to become overall better during game time. I understand that every chance you get to practice even the smallest of moves, you improve your overall performance in the game. I also understand that it’s helpful to take notes of specific games and how you did in them to analyze and see what you do well and what needs improvement.
And I apply a lot of that to my career. Daily. I treat performances as game time. I do the best I can given whatever surroundings conditions I’m playing in and analyze how I did afterwards. I know it’s not the same because in the entrainment world- especially in comedy- so much is arbitrary. But you can find ways to evaluate yourself. And you can understand how different moves help overall performance.
For instance, I consider doing stand up open mics the same as doing cardio at the gym. It’s necessary and can make a big difference in your overall physique. But doing hours and hours of it doesn’t always give you the best outcome for your time investment. You’ll improve, of course, but it’ll be incremental. And I consider writing like lifting weights. The more time I spend writing- whether it’s these blog posts, screenplays, short films, sketches, stand up jokes- the better I become as a comedic brain. In the best case scenario, in a good workout, you can

########
Rank: 16
Score: 28.009556
Retrieved Text: Raising The Bar On Women’s Fitness & Strength.
Motivation, Inspiration, Education For Women.
Get Stronger, Build Muscle, Improve Lifting Technique, Nutrition, Recipes and more.
We love to educate and empower women on the many benefits of strength training, lifting weights, eating healthy and being positive.
Over the last 10 years we have empowered thousands of women to start weight training and to become stronger. From teenagers all the way to grandmothers we have helped a wide variety of women to lift.
With our coaching and programs we have helped people who never lifted a weight before all the way up to high level powerlifting, weightlifting, bikini and fitness.
If you are interested in getting stronger, lifting weights and becoming a better and stronger version of yourself you have come to the right place.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.96159
Retrieved Text: There is no way to inner peace; inner peace is the way | Cliff Heegel Ph.D.
There is no way to inner peace; inner peace is the way.
When we are alive, we are doing something in every moment. Even when the body is still, the mind is usually up to something- thinking, daydreaming, planning, etc. Because the mind is designed to learn and to solve problems, the mind is always absorbing lessons and creating meanings from our experience. The mind is always learning something whether we are conscious of it or not.
If we practice playing the piano, we get better at the piano. If we practice cooking, we get better at cooking. If we practice lifting weights, we get better at lifting weights. Whatever we do, we learn at some level.
Whether we are conscious of it or not, our interior mental states work the same way. Our mind gets better at whatever it does. If a mind spends a lot of time doing something like worrying, it gets better and better at worrying. If we unconsciously practice depression, we unconsciously get better at depression. When we consciously practice inner peace, we will notice that we get better at inner peace.
To practice inner peace we have to consciously do it now. Inner peace is never found later, it is only experienced now. It is not something you have to earn through strenuous effort or through emotional upheaval, it is a natural state that you can experience when the awareness resides in the present moment.
Just relax, breathe, and be

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.603554
Retrieved Text: The idea of incorporating strength training into daily exercise can seem intimidating to people. There are quite a few common misconceptions about what, exactly strength training is.
Some of these statements are outright false, but others just don’t capture what strength training is all about. All of these misconceptions can unfortunately keep people from realizing how beneficial strength training can be. And, yes, it is beneficial for everyone.
Definition: Strength training uses resistance to build muscle strength, increase endurance, and maintain flexibility.
We are so convinced of this fact that we want to spend some time laying out clear reasons why everyone should be strength training. And we mean everyone. To start, strength training is not just for men – it’s great for women too!
Despite what the diet pill commercials tell you, weight loss is not always an easy process. It’s not something that can be achieved overnight. Weight loss is a fantastic health goal, and it takes a lot of perseverance and determination.
Strength training can help you achieve both!
For starters, weight lifting and muscle training makes your metabolism more effective. Over time, strength exercises increase your resting metabolic rate. This is the rate that your body burns calories when you’re not engaging in any kind of exercise at all. It is also determined by your muscle mass.
When you increase your muscle mass, you increase your body’s ability to burn calories. When you pair that with a healthy diet and a good amount of cardio, resistance training actually makes you better able to lose weight.
Because having stronger (and bigger)

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.589647
Retrieved Text: Weight Lifting Workouts – With the #1 Pre Workout Supplement!
Get Jacked with Jack3d and see the FREE Diet and Exercise Plan Below!
Lifting weights makes you feel good and look great. However, there is this idea that people should be happy with the way they look and we believe that this should be followed, but this shouldn’t apply to those who are overweight or incredibly underweight.
The fact of the matter is, your body is your greatest asset and we should always be working to improve ourselves by doing regular exercise. If you don’t regularly exercise your metabolism slows down, you feel sluggish, lose energy quickly and chances are you’ll get fat. Yes fat, not gain weight” as weight can imply gaining more muscle and compared to fat, muscles do so much more good for you.
Working out in general or doing any physical activity develops muscles and if you ask anyone who works out why they workout, they would say that it feels good and chances are they’ll tell you about their workout routines. Now before you try out the workout they suggest, just assess yourself first if you already have the strength and developed muscles to do the same. We don’t want you passing out in the gym on the afterwards just because you bit off a lot more than you can chew.
The best way to get those pecs, rock hard abs and hot smoking guns is by lifting weights, some cardio on the side is also good to mix in, but if you want the strength

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.533682
Retrieved Text: I’m in the process of getting a new phone (Yes!!), so I’m trying to clean out some of my pics and I realized I have a lot of gym selfies lol. Pre, during, and post pregnancy – so this post is me reminiscing a little bit and talking about how I maintained my workout regimen throughout. Yes, I was that girl at the gym with the big ol’ belly lifting weights. Of course, the amount of weight I was lifting decreased as I got bigger, and so did the things I was able to do….laters deadlifts.
So just a little bit on the pre-pregnancy workout routine; I worked out A LOT. Very consistently at the gym: 6 days a week with just one day off and on that day off, I would do some form of stretching or yoga. My workouts consisted lifting weights or some form of cardio.
Once I got pregnant, my gym schedule didn’t change much. I got very lucky and didn’t suffer from any morning sickness, and really didn’t feel any pregnancy symptoms. The only thing I recall, was feeling extremely bloated in the evenings (this lasted about a week), so I would hit the treadmill to walk it off. I continued to lift weights and run till about the beginning of my third trimester. The running was starting to become very painful, so I decided it wasn’t worth the pain and stopped running; I continued to walk, I did so much walking. Lifting and squats never stopped.
Baby arrived in mid-July- he weighed 9lbs!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.47223
Retrieved Text: Weightlifting (also known as strength training) might seem like a club with its own lingo and exclusive membership – but we promise it’s an area of fitness everyone and anyone should be adding into their routine given how beneficial it is.
Muscle is great, and, ladies, don’t worry about turning into Arnie. As we get older our muscle and bone density will naturally decline, a strength training routine will help to counteract this. And remember, lifting body weight is just as effective!
As you build up your lean muscle percentage, your metabolic rate will increase. What does this mean? It means you’ll be burning more calories simply by existing. Yes, thanks.
We mentioned this earlier, lifting will help you strengthen your bones. Stronger bones equal less risk of fractures or breaks – especially important as we grow older.
While you may think it’s only gym rats that lift weights, the truth is you can bust out a strength training routine anywhere. You could buy some weights to use at home, or you could simply take advantage of your own body weight. YouTube is an amazing resource for finding at home fitness routines. No excuses.
Start low and slow. Don’t show off or test yourself when you’re just beginning. Keep your weights low and take your time.
Stay in control. This tip goes hand in hand with the first point. Keep your weights low and stay in control of them, you don’t want to injure yourself or someone else.
Keep hydrated. Keep up your fluids, especially if you’re working out in a hot environment.
Take

########
Rank: 22
Score: 27.442905
Retrieved Text: For the first forty years of my life, I thought lifting weights was for meatheads. If you lifted weights, my thinking went, you cared more about your looks than your health or fitness level. Actually, not looks even, just sheer size. I was convinced that my fitness regimen of endurance training (running, cycling, walking), flexibility (yoga), and basic whole-body movements (more yoga) was far superior to stupidly lifting weights in a gym. I mean, look at those guys  in the gym: they take a barbell, lift it five times, and then they take a five minute break. Do they even break a sweat? I don’t call that exercise, I call that sitting around on your lazy behind. Only when I started to read up on exercise physiology did I realize that lifting heavy is an extremely beneficial activity. Further, it is likely the most important type of exercise we can engage in, in particular as we grow older. And those five-minute breaks are absolutely necessary if you’re doing it right, in particular if you care more for strength than size.
Before I continue, though, a word of clarification: While the title of this post says “lift weights,” what really matters is that one engages in resistance training, i.e., putting heavy loads onto the muscles, tendons, and bones. Conventional resistance training involves barbell work, e.g. the barbell squat or the deadlift. However, other forms of exercise can be resistance training as well. For example, there are many excellent bodyweight resistance exercises. If you’re regularly cranking out planche

########
Rank: 23
Score: 27.397482
Retrieved Text: This is how I would answer the question Why Do You Love Lifting Weights? The shortest answer I can give to this question is “Results”! For my build, the best tools for the job are weights and nutritional habits. Please note that this is a community post and not an article.
I may be going way out on a limb here but I think evolution has led the average person to find healthy, early/mid 20 somethings, youthful traits attractive. By this I mean that most people are instinctively attracted to a stage in life when fertility is the highest, skin is soft and wrinkle free, energy is up, hair is thick, eyes are clear, muscle tone is up and body fat is down. I think this kind of instinct is hard wired into us and I think that our instinct for how we want to look and feel this way is hard wired as well. I get that there are a lot of reason to workout but I also think that generally speaking it is most people’s goal to look and feel better (younger).
For me, at forty one years old, the easiest and the most effective way to build an athletic body with muscle tone and low body fat is to build up as much muscle as possible, and eat in a way that burns off the extra fat. Personally, I don’t think I look like a bodybuilder at all. Without steroids I’m not sure I can get that really large artificial look. Without steroids I feel

########
Rank: 24
Score: 27.392843
Retrieved Text: With fitness benefits a plenty, lifting weights is proven to be a great workout for isolating, toning and strengthening your muscles. However, one wrong move and you could be facing a painful injury for weeks.
Start by wearing closed-toe shoes to serve as protection to your feet in case you drop any of your weights. You may also opt to wear exercise gloves to enhance your grip and to save your hands from callouses.
Before you start lifting, do a brisk walk or slow jog for 10 to 15 minutes. A good warm up reduces the risk of injury by increasing your body’s temperature, improving joint lubrication and boosting the blood flow – allowing your muscles to function better.
For best results, choose a low weight load that you can lift for 8 to 12 repetitions – with 15 at most. If you try to lift weights that are too heavy, this will increase the risk of strains, sprains and similar injuries.
When lifting weights, always utilise a neutral, straight spine. Swaying your spine when performing different movements will put a strain on your back and this can lead to various problems.
If you need assistance… ask!
Don’t be too shy to ask for help when doing an exercise that involves pressing a weight above your head or positioning a bar over your body. A spotter standing next to you can catch the weight in case your muscles become fatigued – this is highly advisable.
More than these precautions, it’s equally important to strike a healthy balance between your weight training and your

########
Rank: 25
Score: 27.230686
Retrieved Text: Lifting and running are two completely different types of exercise. But if you decide to build your muscles, your regimen will consist, in most cases, of running and weightlifting.
Of course, you might be interested why running and weight training are two main important parts of any training program. So, the answer is very simple. Lifting exercises all muscles in your body except one which is the most important – the heart.
Running strengthens the cardiovascular system. Running helps to move oxygen and blood more effectively through the body and weightlifting, in turn, helps to build muscles and strength. That`s why it’s necessary to run in special crossfit shoes for lifters to enhance endurance and reduce body fat and it`s necessary to lift weights for runners to become stronger.
Most coaches offer such programs which contain a proper balance of running and lifting. This balance, first of all, depends on your training goals and influence the results.
How to find the right balance of running and lifting?
If you’re lifting and your main workout goal is to build strong muscles you shouldn`t spend much time for running, but such type of exercise must be included in your everyday strength training.
It doesn’t matter when you run before lifting or after weightlifting.
Running first is useful for increasing your stamina and having a good warm-up before the main exercise. When you warm up your muscles enough before the strength training you’re less likely to pull them.
If you decide to lift weights first you also will have your benefits. Such training allows you to burn

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.998577
Retrieved Text: Finding the correct lifting equipment for the job; obviously makes the job a whole lot easier and by getting the type and model of lifting equipment correct you make things faster, try easier and more productive.
Overloading of inappropriate cranes is one of the main causes of issues for cranes and lifting equipment and causes the most problems in this area by far. Even though most cranes have safety weights in between what should and what actually can be taken on the item of lifting equipment. That said too much weight is easily a problem and this can cause all sorts of issues.
At the very least the item will come under strain and this can cause damage to the mechanisms of the item and in turn damage them for the long term. This can often be seen during servicing of the parts and a good servicing engineer will be able to determine whether there is excessive wear and tear on the item and how it is affecting the crane.
This may mean you will require replacement parts and this can be costly depending on the specific problem. There are all sorts of significant issues that can come about and cause problems and many of these can be expensive to fix.
Of course, problems also take time to fix, which means that your item of lifting equipment may be out of action for a period of time. This can cause you a lot of hassle and money and is a far from ideal scenario. So, taking care of the equipment

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.992844
Retrieved Text: Many of you probably know that person who runs 90 mile weeks, appears to never lift a weight, and is so inflexible that he can’t touch his toes. While an approach like this may work in the short term, strength and mobility training are essential for running fast, training injury free, and protecting your body and the longevity of your running career.
I know a lot of us struggle with when to fit this in to our daily lives – it can be hard enough to make time to fit in all of our runs amidst our busy schedule, much less all of the “extra stuff” like stretching, foam rolling, and lifting weights. I like to tell my patients that you will reap more benefits from shortening your run by 10 minutes in order to fit in 5 minutes of pre-run mobility and 5 minutes of post-run mobility/soft tissue maintenance because this will help you stay injury-free, leading to more days in a row of consistent running.
When it comes to lifting weights, even 10-15 minutes of light strength training post-run is enough to make a difference. This is even a more optimal time to lift; if your muscles are already a little bit fatigued from the run, you are going to get more bang for your buck from lifting weights. We will go into more detail into specificity of training later at our Strength Training Kickoff on Wednesday, 3/27 at Finish Line PT, but it’s important to focus on strength exercises that are running specific – think:

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.926899
Retrieved Text: When it comes to losing weight, one area of the body that many women struggle with is the stomach. Belly fat can be extremely stubborn to get rid of. Typically, it is one of the last places that you will see results even if you are following a healthy diet and exercising regularly.
With that in mind, check out the following tips for women on how to lose belly fat. By following these simple tips, you should be able to start seeing results in practically no time at all.
First, it is important to understand that there are a number of reasons that excess fat can start to accumulate around your midsection. In some cases, it may have to do with your age or with changing hormones. In other cases, it can be caused by leading a high-stress lifestyle.
High levels of cortisol, a hormone that is released during periods of stress, can cause fat to accumulate in the stomach area. That means that if you experience a lot of stress on a day-to-day basis, you may be at higher risk of developing a problem with abdominal fat. The good news is that there are quite a few different steps that you can take to tackle this problem area and get the body that you have been wanting.
One common mistake that people make is thinking that they can get rid of stomach fat simply by doing sit-ups. Unfortunately, the human body is not designed to work that way. You can’t target one specific area of your body when it

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.90862
Retrieved Text: There are so many reasons why women should lift weights and why it is so beneficial for our health and well being!
I love weight training and how it makes you feel! I have always been a cardio fan but it wasnt until I started lifting weights to help build strength and conditioning for my body, that I realised how much weights can do for not only our bodies but also our minds. I have been doing weights for over 10 years now and I have seen my body and mind change in so many positive ways.
Weight training gives us strength, conditioning, tone, shape, lean muscle and helps our hormones and metabolism and much more. But thats not the only reason I love weights. I love the feeling it gives me mentally when you have smashed out an awesome heavy weight session.
They say lifting weights is the best antidepressant you can ever use and I believe that. It shifts your mind to this place where you can use all your build up stress, anger, anxiety and you can literally take it out on the weights! You switch off from the world around you and just focus on lifting and executing that exercise that makes you feel so strong and powerful. The endorphins release into your system and your mind feels so much more positive because you have released that built up energy, leaving your mind strong and free and ready to take on anything. When we feel strong mentally we feel like we can hold our head

================



======= Instance Index 20 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are it will become less acidic or it will become more acidic ):

With a higher concentration of hydrogen ions, a solution is more acidic but has a lower pH.


If Jim removes hydrogen ions from his solution, what will happen to the level of acidity it will become less acidic or it will become more acidic?

Target Text: it will become less acidic

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 46.863186
Retrieved Text: When it comes to learning about hydroponics and aquaponics, it’s likely that you’ll run into a few unfamiliar terms. In particular, there’s a lot of mumbo-jumbo about pH—we know it’s important and we know that it affects the way our plants grow in the system. But what exactly does that mean; why does it have such a big impact on the success of our farms? Let’s dig into the chemistry a bit.
pH is a measure of acidity, which matters because nutrients are more or less available at different levels of acidity. That means you’ll need to find the sweet spot on the pH scale where all of the nutrients are available, and the plants are getting what they need.
pH is represented by a scale that ranges from 0 to 14 (0 being the most acidic and 14 being the most basic). The term “pH” stands for “potential hydrogen” because hydrogen ions (H+) and hydroxide ions (OH-) are what cause a solution to be basic or acidic. pH tests measure the concentration of these two substances in a solution. Because there are so many, measuring a number of hydroxide or hydrogen ions is not practical, so instead, pH is measured on a logarithmic scale (we’ll get to that shortly).
This is where things get more complicated. As you know, water is made up of hydrogen and oxygen. Two hydrogens, in fact. Pure water has a pH of 7, which means that it has an equal number of hydrogen and hydroxide ions because nothing else is in the water

########
Rank: 1
Score: 44.748043
Retrieved Text: AlkalineBooster.net - What Is pH?
pH (the power, or potential, of Hydrogen) = the unit that indicates the hydrogen density of acid and alkaline water.
Water becomes acidic with increased hydrogen ions (H+), and alkaline with increased hydroxyl ions (-OH). The measuring unit of acidity and alkalinity is indicated by pH values, e.g., pH 7 is considered neutral. Each numerical increment indicates 10 times more hydrogen or hydroxyl ions. For example, an increase of 1 in a pH table means 10 times more alkalinity. A decrease of 1 means 10 times more acidity.
The pH level of our internal fluids affects every cell in our bodies. The entire metabolic process depends on an alkaline environment. Chronic over acidity corrodes body tissue, and if left unchecked will interrupt all cellular activities and functions, from the beating of your heart to the neutral firing of your brain. In other words, overacidity interferes with life itself. It is at the root of all sickness and disease.
The human body tends to maintain body fluid (blood) at pH 7.365, according to the homeostasis function. The body tries to maintain the balance of each organ with alkaline body fluid of pH 8.8 from the pancreases as the peak. However, consistent acidic constitution will result in lowering one's self-protection function in the body. Even though there is no visible sign of disease, alkaline water drinking will support the body with homeostasis functions. Drinking alkaline water also prevents geriatric disease because it defends the body against acidification of the physical constitution.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 41.674664
Retrieved Text: If the reactants and/or products in a chemical reaction are gases, the reaction rate can be determined by measuring the change of pressure as the reaction proceeds. Consider the following reaction and pressure vs. reaction rate data below.
If the volume of the container were reduced, what would happen to the rate of the reaction?
Reducing the volume of the container increases pressure. This results in a higher frequency of gas particle collisions, thereby increasing the rate of the reaction.
Consider the following equation for the production of ammonia gas from hydrogen gas and nitrogen gas.
If the volume of the vessel containing hydrogen and nitrogen is decreased, the production of ammonia __________.
Since decreasing the volume of the container has the effect of increasing pressure, equilibrium is shifted to the right. An increase in pressure has the result of favoring the side of the reaction with fewer moles of gas. (According to the balanced equation, there are 4 moles on the reactant side as opposed to 2 moles on the product side).
Barium fluoride dissolves in solution according to the following equation.
Enough BaF2 is added to create a saturated liter of aqueous solution.
Suppose that 1M NaF is added to the solution, such that it does not change the volume of the solution. What would you expect to change as a result of the addition of NaF?
The pH of the solution will decrease.
The solubility product constant will decrease.
The solubility of BaF2 will decrease.
By adding NaF to the equation, 1M of F- ions are added to the solution. Thinking in terms of Le

########
Rank: 3
Score: 41.39695
Retrieved Text: 1. As AQUA OH–!™ eliminates acidity in the body, it creates more water in the process. AQUA OH–!™ eliminates acidity in a very simple way. AQUA OH–!™’s main active ingredient is naturally sourced hydroxide (OH–) that comes from limestone. This hydroxide is hungry for hydrogen (H+). Acidity is by definition excess hydrogen. Acid elimination is a natural detoxification process and as the body becomes less burdened with acidity, the more its metabolism can function at its best, which promotes weight loss.
2. AQUA OH–!™ tackles the issue of acidity head on and eliminates it in a way no other product can. Acidity is a major cause of inflammation in the body. Therefore, the elimination of acidity will help combat inflammation. By helping to eliminate acidity and thereby combatting inflammation, AQUA OH–!™ supercharges the anti-inflammatory nutrients in NatraLife’s Super Food™ increasing their effectiveness. Inflammation can cause insulin levels to rise. When insulin is high it hinders the body’s ability to burn fat. Inflammation can also increase the risk for other metabolic issues that can lead to weight gain such as thyroid disease and/or Type 2 Diabetes.
3. There are two major components that stress the body: oxy-radicals and acidity. NatraLife’s Super Food™ is jam packed with antioxidants but these do not address the acidity problem. AQUA OH–!™ eliminates acidity but does not necessarily deal with oxy-radicals. Therefore the combination of the two will become a one-two punch to defeat the two major sources of physiological stress on the body.
4. AQUA OH–!™ also helps combat stress through the bodies self-regulating

########
Rank: 4
Score: 40.60936
Retrieved Text: Crystal Clear SapHGuard prevents wide pH swings and stablizes buffering capacity.
~Price $12.99 2 lb. container will treat 8,000 gallons of water.
All ponds are affected by pH. Alkalinity or acidity will determine whether the pH is high or low, respectively. In order to maintain pH at a constant it requires buffering the system, which means controlling the alkalinity of the water. Alkalinity is the capacity of a natural water system to resist change in pH and is measured in terms of bicarbonate and carbonate ions available in the aquatic system.
Mixtures of weak acids and their salts are called buffers. Carbonate is usually the most significant buffer system in natural waters and is the system that is usually responsible for pH maintenance in aquatic ecosystems. CrystalClear Buffer is a pH buffer solution designed to resist pH change because of the ionization equilibrium between the weak acid and weak base changes in a manner that allows them to consume hydrogen ions or hydroxide ions that are added to the system. The initial pH of an aquatic system will be controlled by the ionization constant that exists, which depends on the relative concentration of acid or base and its salt. Solutions at pH below 7.0 are acid, those above 7.0 are basic (alkaline).
CrystalClear Buffer resists changes in pH by releasing or absorbing hydrogen ion as necessary to maintain a steady state. The level of sodium bicarbonate and other buffering agents present in the system help establish the equilibrium pH. If a hydrogen ion, from respiration or the dissolution of atmospheric

########
Rank: 5
Score: 39.57844
Retrieved Text: On monday a study by the Convention on Biological Diversity in collaboration with the UNEP World Conservation Monitoring Centre was released (->press release). The study with the title “Scientific Synthesis of the Impacts of Ocean Acidification on Marine Biodiversity” is a survey on the current results in the investigation of ocean acidity. It is thus a follow-up study to studies initiated e.g. by the global network of science academies (see IAP statement on ocean acidification ) or like the ones which led to the Monaco Declaration.
accumulation of CO2 in the atmosphere may accelerate rather soon.
A second main message/problem with this uptake of CO2 is ocean acidification. If CO2 reacts with water this gives carbonic acid , which dissolves mostly to HCO3- and hydrogen ions H+. Thus after CO2 has been taken up by the ocean waters it will give to a smaller amount carbonic acid H2CO3 and carbonate ions CO3^2- and for the most part bicarbonite ions HCO3-. The hydrogen ions decrease the PH level – (you may sometimes find information of PH levels on your liquid soap) that is – the PH gives an indication of the concentration of hydrogen ions H+ via the concentration of Hydronium and it is thus a measure of the acidity or basicity of a solution.
Furthermore the carbonate ions CO3^2- form together with H+ again bicarbonate HCO3-. A higher concentration of H+ (“the acidity”) thus decreases the availablity of carbonate. But carbonate is necessary for producing calcium carbonate (CaCO3) which is essential for shell formation in marines organisms such as

########
Rank: 6
Score: 39.247005
Retrieved Text: Definition - What does Acid mean?
An acid is a chemical that releases hydrogen ions when it is dissolved in water. When placed in water, the aqueous solution that results will react with bases and some metals to form salts. Acids have a pH level of less than 7, have a sour taste, and will turn blue litmus paper red.
Acids exist in two main types, strong and weak. Strong acids have the property of fully dissolving in a solution, while weak acids will only partially dissolve in a solution. When exposed to water, all acids produce hydrogen ions. Strong acids tend to have a higher concentration of hydrogen ions than weak acids.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 39.19694
Retrieved Text: A Bunsen burner, heating a beaker of water.
The electronic configuration of potassium.
A water molecule (that’s lost a lone pair, oops).
A copper ion (and I particularly approve of their choice of icing colour for this).
The equation to calculate pH.
A diagram showing the delocalised electrons in benzene.
A toxic symbol (better not eat that one).
An optical isomer of a transition element complex.
An argon atom, with a simple representation of electron arrangement.
An expression to represent the concentration of H+ ions.
A random alkane shown skeletally (I don’t think there’s any particular significance in which one).
The element symbols for calcium, potassium and einsteinium. Which spell, wait for it, CaKEs!
The periodic table symbol for hydrogen.
Recently a friend sent me a link to this page about the ‘Hexagon H2O‘ water purification system. He knew I’d love it, and I did. Not, however, for the reasons the company supplying it would presumably hope. The ‘science’ is so ludicrous, it’s hard to believe anyone would even begin to take it seriously. Sadly, this product (which, spoiler alert, is a massive scam) seems to have made quite a bit of money by scattering vaguely sciencey-sounding terms around like confetti and sucking in anyone whose chemistry and physics knowledge is, shall we say, less than detailed.
That said, it is easy to forget about water when we talk about chemistry, since we’re usually more interested in what’s in the water than the water itself. It’s actually pretty important, especially when it comes to pH. So in the spirit of finding some good good in the bad, let’s use some

########
Rank: 8
Score: 38.78828
Retrieved Text: In this chapter of Redox Reaction, you will be learning what precisely the term ‘redox’ means. This topic is short, but a significant one because it is the foundation of more challenging topics later on. A clear understanding of this topic is needed to understand reaction mechanisms for future topics in O and A Levels.
The term ‘redox’ is used to describe any type of chemical reactions. We can characterise any chemical reactions into two main groups: redox reaction and non-redox reaction.
Redox reaction is a chemical reaction where reduction and oxidation have occurred.
On the other hand, a non-redox reaction is where neither reduction or oxidation have occurred.
Important note: If a chemical reaction is a redox reaction, both oxidation and reduction must co-occur. In other words, whenever reduction occurs, oxidation must also occur in a same chemical reaction.
When both reduction and oxidation happens, we describe the overall reaction as a redox reaction.
Reduction and oxidation are key terms in this chapter. So what exactly is the meaning of reduction and oxidation?
(4) Experience an increase in oxidation state.
In the previous statement, ‘species’ can mean any chemical ions, atoms or compounds. Anyone of the four requirements would indicate an oxidation reaction.
When a species gains oxygen, it is said to be oxidised. For example, when zinc reacts with atmospheric oxygen to form zinc oxide, zinc is oxidised to form zinc(II) ions, and we say that oxidation occurs.
Carbon gained oxygen and is oxidised.
Aluminium gained oxygen and is oxidised.
Oxidation is also said to happen when a species loses hydrogen. For instance, when hydrogen sulfide

########
Rank: 9
Score: 38.64939
Retrieved Text: How do you calculate the pH of a solution when given the OH- concentration?
The pH is measure of acidity of a solution whereas the pOH is a measure of basicity of a solution.
The two expressions are opposites expressions. As the pH increases the pOH decreases and vice versa. Both values equal 14.
To convert a concentration of into pH or pOH take the -log of molar concentration of the hydrogen ions or the molar concentration of the hydroxide ion concentration respectively.
This is the pOH. To determine the pH perform the following calculation.
Q: What are dehydration synthesis reactions?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 38.612526
Retrieved Text: The atomic number of an atom is A. the number of protons in the atom.B. the number of neutrons in the atom.
C. the number of protons and electrons in the atom. D. the number of protons and neutrons in the atom. E. None of these choices are correct.
LO: 02.01.03 Relate atomic structure to the periodic table of the elements.
The smallest functional unit and associated structures of a living organism are A. atoms and their protons, neutrons and electrons.
B. molecules and their atoms, bonds and electrons. C. proteins and amino acids.
D. cells with nucleus, mitochondria and ER. E. water made of hydrogen and oxygen.
LO: 02.01.01 Describe the general structure of atoms and their constituent particles.
With an atomic mass of 16 and an atomic number of 8, it follows that oxygen __X__ has eight electrons.
__X__ can readily form bonds with 2 other atoms.
The nucleus of an atom is composed of A. protons.
D.protons and neutrons.E. protons and electrons.
The first, inner-most energy shell of an atom A. can have a maximum of 8 electrons.
B.can have a maximum of 2 electrons.C. is called the 2p orbital.
D. is called the 1s orbital and can have a maximum of 8 electrons. E. is called the 2p orbital and can have a maximum of 2 electrons.
LO: 02.01.02 Discuss the way electrons occupy electron shells that surround the nucleus.
Tritiated hydrogen (3H) differs from hydrogen (1H) in that A. 3H has 2 more protons than1H.
B. 3H has 2 more electrons than1H.C.3H has 2 more neutrons than1H.
D. 3H has the same number of neutrons as1H.
E. 3H has

########
Rank: 11
Score: 38.49581
Retrieved Text: Do chemistry - this might happen!
In high school, chemistry was my least favourite science subject. Physics was cool, because it was about how things moved and bounced and crashed, and this included planets and stars and stuff. Biology was fun because it was about animals and plants and how they interacted, and that was always an endless source of fascination. And geology was about the Earth and oceans and mountains and, most importantly, volcanoes, which were about the coolest thing I could imagine apart from planets. Chemistry seemed mostly to be about washing glassware, and those little test tubes you get in high school are darn near impossible to wash properly.
Chemistry involved Bunsen burners and heating things up, which always, according to my teacher, carried the risk of doing it wrong and splashing hot acid or whatever it was all over your face. You could mix things wrong, or measure them wrong, and your experiment wouldn't work. And reactions generated weird gases that could kill you if you inhaled them, so you had to use fume cupboards to avoid dying right there and then in your science classroom. Chemistry was a dangerous, inexact, difficult, mess that didn't work half the time. And the theory side of it was the dull balancing of reaction equations, which would have been trivially simple algebra if not for the seemingly completely arbitrary additional rules concerning valences that were apparently added for no other reason than to make it harder.
Looking further back, it was odd how it came to this, since

########
Rank: 12
Score: 37.744404
Retrieved Text: a state of equilibrium between acidity and alkalinity of the body fluids. An acid is a substance capable of giving up a hydrogen ion during a chemical exchange, and a base is a substance that can accept it. The positively charged hydrogen ion (H+) is the active constituent of all acids.
Most of the body's metabolic processes produce acids as their end products, but a somewhat alkaline body fluid is required as a medium for vital cellular activities. Therefore chemical exchanges of hydrogen ions must take place continuously in order to maintain a state of equilibrium. An optimal pH (hydrogen ion concentration) between 7.35 and 7.45 must be maintained; otherwise, the enzyme systems and other biochemical and metabolic activities will not function normally.
Although the body can tolerate and compensate for slight deviations in acidity and alkalinity, if the pH drops below 7.30, the potentially serious condition of acidosis exists. If the pH goes higher than 7.50, the patient is in a state of alkalosis. In either case the disturbance of the acid-base balance is considered serious, even though there are control mechanisms by which the body can compensate for an upward or downward change in the pH. Shifts in the pH of body fluids are controlled by three major regulatory systems, which may be classified as chemical (the buffer systems), biologic (blood and cellular activity), and physiologic (the lungs and kidneys).
Chemical Controls. The chemical buffer systems are dependent on the capability of certain substances to either combine with or release hydrogen ions. In the plasma and the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 37.723003
Retrieved Text: Resistors in series R = R1+R2+R3+R4….
Rank Hydrogen, Covalent and Ionic by strength (strong, weak, very weak) Covalent – Strong. Ionic – Weak. Hydrogen – Very Weak.
Hydrogen Bonds Weak electrical attractions. Takes place between the ends of molecules and H. (ex. holds water molec. together in solution).
Lipids C,H,O present, but much less O than either, C to H ratio 1:2. example is lauric acid (C12, H24, O2), fats, oils, waxes.
Buffer Removes or replaces hydrogen ions in solution. Buffers maintain the PH within normal limits.
Proteoglycans (carb-protein combination) large polysaccharides linked by peptide chains. Important thickening agent for tissue fluids.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 37.332478
Retrieved Text: pH, Alkalinity, Acidity & You!
fffH? Ffhah? What's that? Oh, like shampoo? Does it have pH in it? What is pH? Who the dickens cares? Why is it that this "window" into water quality (chemistry/physics) is such a powerful tool/consideration? Here's my version of what everyone should basically (pun intended) know about what pH is, it's importance & what you can & should do about it.
pH is a Measure. The symbol pH is a contraction standing for pondus Hydrogenii (=the "weight of hydrogen", the simplest element); pH is the relative measure of hydrogen ion concentration. Put another way, pH is the relative presence of H+ (Hydrogen ions) versus OH- (= Hydroxyl ions). Note when these two types of charged species get together they form an uncharged water (H2O) molecule.
or the log of one over 10 to the minus seven which is a pH of 7.000. Ahhhh. Yay!
Allthat pH is is a measure of other "stuff" dissolved in the solution that affects (net increases/decreases) the concentration of Hydrogen (&/or Hydroxyl) ions. Making the average number of hydrogen ions greater (e.g. 10-6, 10-5, less 10 to the minus negative) means the pH is lower (!) See? Or more acidic (by definition). Going the other direction, having less concentration of H+, meaning the 10 to the minus power is more negative, denotes an alkaline, or basic condition. As an example, consider a hydrogen ion concentration of 10-8 = a concentration of 0.00000001 H+ ions, denotes a pH of 8.000. A 7.000 situation is termed a neutral pH. Makes sense to

########
Rank: 15
Score: 37.060246
Retrieved Text: Part 1: Is Alkaline Water Beneficial?
In recent years, the popularity of alkaline water has the population wondering if it's more beneficial to drink than the other available options. Most signs may point to yes, but why? What makes a bottle of water advertised as "alkaline" better for you than a simple glass full from the tap? As long as you're hydrating with water and eating plenty of raw, plant-based foods throughout the day, it shouldn't matter what type of water you're drinking, right? Not necessarily.
"The optimal water is free from pollutants, fluoride, and chlorine, and has sufficient nutritional minerals in it to make it passive rather than aggressive," stated our very own Dr. Michael Donaldson, Ph.D., in his research.
Before we dive deep into the alkaline water debate, let's first get an understanding of what your options are when it comes to drinking water. In Part 1 of our series, we'll learn about alkaline, structured, purified and mineral waters.
The idea that alkaline is more beneficial comes from its pH level. This measures the level of acidity, which indicates whether the liquid has little or enough beneficial substance. Essentially, when there are too many hydrogen ions in the water, less oxygen becomes available to cells. This makes water more acidic. The fewer hydrogen ions, the more oxygen which makes water more alkaline. This type of water is said to buffer acids in the blood like calcium, magnesium, sodium and potassium, but only when the water is highly alkalinized. We'll get to this later.
"Structured water hasn't been filtered, mechanically

########
Rank: 16
Score: 36.94249
Retrieved Text: As you know, potassium hydroxide, ##"KOH"##, is a strong base and hydrochloric acid, ##"HCl"##, is a strong acid, which means that they will both dissociate completely in aqueous solution to form hydroxide anions, ##"OH"^(-)##, and hydrogen cations, ##"H"^(+)##, respectively.
The hydrogen cations will actually exist as hydronium ions, ##"H"_3"O"^(+)##, in aqueous solution, but you can represent them as ##"H"^(+)## if you want.
These ions will then each other to form water. That is what your reaction is all about - how many hydroxide anions and how many hydrogen cations are present in solution.
The key to this problem is the that exists between these two ions in the balanced chemical equation.
So, one mole of hydroxide anions will react with one mole of hydrogen cations to form one mole of water.
This tells you that you need equal numbers of moles of strong base and strong acid to reach complete neutralization.
This means that in order to neutralize the acid, you need to have ##0.5005## moles of strong base.
Q: How does a solute differ from a solvent?
Q: How can I find the percent composition of (NH4)2S?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 36.87892
Retrieved Text: Home>>Lab techniques>>How does a pH meter work?
pH is defined as the negative logarithm of the hydrogen ion concentration of an aqueous solution. While this may sound complicated, in very simple terms, pH is a numerical value which quantifies the acidity or basicity of a solution. The number represents the number of hydrogen ions a particular substance can release in a solution. On the pH scale, a pH of 7 is considered to be neutral. A solution with pH 0-7 is considered to be acidic and above 7, till 14, is said to be a basic solution. In biological systems, pH is of utmost importance. Most biomolecules in our body, function optimally because of a carefully adjusted pH. Even in experimental systems, it is essential to maintain the desired pH to obtain accurate results. Hence, in biological experiments, pH is carefully monitored using equipment known as the pH meter.
The pH meter is a pH-responsive electrode, which measures the hydrogen-ion activity in a solution, and conveys the information to a voltmeter. The equipment consists of two glass tubes, each containing one electrode, a reference electrode and a sensor electrode. The reference electrode is made of a saturated KCl solution, whereas the sensor electrode contains a buffer solution of pH 7 and a silver wire coated with silver chloride is immersed in both these solutions. The sensor electrode has a bulb at the end, which is made of porous glass coated with silica and metal salts.
To measure the pH of a solution, this pH meter is dipped into the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 36.6932
Retrieved Text: Hydrogen ion exponent (pH) is the measure of active reaction (acidity or alkalinity) environment. Hydrogen ion exponent equal to negative decimal logarithm of the concentration of hydrogen ions [H + ], expressed in gram-ions per liter (pH = -lg[H + ]), i.e. represents taken with the opposite sign an indicator of the extent to which it is necessary to build 10 to get [H + ]. For example, if the pH=9 [H + ]=10-9. At temperature 22 degrees pH neutral environment is 7, acid - less than 7 and alkaline - more than 7. The pH value vary the speed and direction of biochemical processes. Hydrogen indicator of human blood in norm is in the range of 7.35-7,45 is the main characteristic of acid-base balance (see) of blood. Cm. also, Buffer solutions, Indicators.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 36.51909
Retrieved Text: Neutralization is all about finding a balance between materials. In chemistry, a neutralization reaction is the reaction that happens between an acid and a base. There are all kinds of different ways that that these reactions happen both in scientific labs and in the wider world.
A neutralized solution in chemistry refers to the reaction between an acid and base that results in a neutral balance, or a measure of 7 on the pH scale.
In chemistry, all chemical compounds are measured on a pH, or “potential of Hydrogen” scale. The scale measures from 0 to 14. Corrosive substances such as acids and bases are defined by the amount of hydrogen ion activity they give off when dissolved in water, and then the substances are separated into two categories. Those that measure from 0 to almost 7 are considered acids, and those from just above 7 to 14 are considered bases.
Sitting right at a pH level of 7 is pure water. An acidic substance lower than 7, then, breaks apart in water to form a positive hydrogen ion in that water. Common strong acids include hydrochloric acid, nitric acid and sulfuric acid.
Bases, at a pH level higher than 7, form a negatively charged hydroxide ion when they break apart in water. Common bases include sodium hydroxide and potassium hydroxide.
The term neutralization refers to a situation in which a reaction occurs that produces a solution with no excess of hydrogen or hydroxide ions. Each substance starts with its own characteristics that put it in the acid or base category.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 36.299965
Retrieved Text: The latest reviewed version was checked on 13 September 2018. There are 3 pending changes awaiting review.
Use Sodium Nitroprusside. In the presence of sulphide ions a deep violet coloration is formed. [Fe(CN)5NOS]4- complex anion formed in the presence of sulphide ions is the cause for this coloration.colouration is important.
If a sulfide solution is reacted with silver nitrate, it forms a black precipitate of Ag2S.
When H2S is bubbled through a solution of Sodium sulphite or Sodium bisulphite, a white turbidity of sulfur is seen. What happens is, the S atom in sulphite/bisulphite (Oxidation state +4) and in H2S (Oxidation state -2) have coproportionated to give molecular sulfur in zero oxidation state. The reaction can be viewed as the reverse of a disproportionation reaction.
When H2S is bubbled through acidified KMnO4 solution, it decolorises and a white turbidity is observed. This is because, the powerful oxidizing agent permanganate ion has oxidized the sulfide ion (-2) to zero oxidation state. In doing so, the permanganate ions themselves reduce to Mn2+ ions, thus the purple/violet/pink color of the solution is diluted and eventually fades away as the manganous ions do not impart any color to the solution.
The nitrite ion gives several reactions based on its redox properties.
When it reacts with the I3- anion, the nitrite ion reduces itself to nitric oxide. The student should check the oxidation states of nitrogen in both the cases.
The yellow color of the I3- ions changes to a greenish tinge which later turns violet. This observation is made in the presence of an oxidizing agent which

########
Rank: 21
Score: 36.13761
Retrieved Text: Perform test by analyzing COLD water samples taking BEFORE any water treatment system, possibly directly from the water mains.
DO NOT TEST ANY WATER FROM THE GROUPS OR STEAM BOILER.
Results on the calculator refer to chemical/physical behavior of water at 93° C (boiler temperature). e.g. A particular water might not be corrosive when cold, but very corrosive when at 93°C and 9bar of pressure.
La Marzocco recommends caution when using sodium and hydrogen based ion-exchange water softeners.
Suggested pressure and flow rate from water mains: 45 to 80 psi (3 to 5 bar) and 8 Liter per minute.
Concentration of H+ and OH- ions in a substance, telling how acidic or alkaline that substance is.
More acidic solutions have lower pH (higher concentration of H+ ions).
More alkaline solutions have higher pH (higher concentration of OH- ions).
pH of 7 is Neutral, which is an ideal value for water for a superior espresso brew.
Effects on espresso: over-extracted, sapid espressos, with low aroma, very low pleasant acidity and unpleasant bitter taste, low sweetness.
Effects on equipment: if high pH is due to high salinity in combination with low hardness, corrosion phenomenon will quickly appear.
If pH is due to high hardness, boiler will be prone to scale build-up.
Effects on espresso: unpleasant sour taste.
Effects on equipment: greater concentration of H+ ions will increase the corrosive potential of the water against boilers and pipelines.
Total Dissolved Solids are the total content of organic and inorganic dissolved substances that may be found in a solution, like minerals, salts or metals dissolved in a given volume of water, expressed mg/L, also

########
Rank: 22
Score: 36.063454
Retrieved Text: What is more, Alkaline UP water filter has a unique and innovatory feature, which alkalizes tap water through a special ceramic bed. Additionally, cartridge removes chlorine taste and odor from tap water.
Alkaline water has many benefits for your body. High pH level and negative ORP slow down aging processes and enrich your body in antioxidants, preventing many diseases like cancer or diabetes.
Alkaline UP cartridge is a simple and affordable solution to comfortably obtain the highest quality, tasty alkaline water. Dafi alkaline water filter enriches tap water with magnesium.
Dafi Alkaline UP Cartridge effectively increases the pH of tap water and removes chlorine taste and odor for 40 gallons or 30 to 45 days (depending on usage). Download My Dafi app to track when you need to replace your water filter.
Dafi Alkaline UP Water Filter is a simple and affordable solution for comfortable obtaining of water with the highest qualities of health and taste. Innovative Alkaline UP Cartridge increases water pH level as well as, negative OR potential. Dafi Alkaline UP water filter consists of highest quality activated carbon from coconut shells and alkaline ceramic bed. Carbon filter removes chlorine taste and odor from tap water making it more enjoyable to drink. Alkaline ceramic bed present on the bottom of the filter consists of magnesium. Magnesium ions are added to filtered water and increase pH level. Dafi Alkaline UP water filters not only increase pH level of tap water, but also its negative OR potential. Water with negative Oxidation-Reduction Potential (ORP) is enriches in anti-oxidants, which play a

########
Rank: 23
Score: 35.939564
Retrieved Text: Last month's column about pH ended with a short introduction of alkalinity. This month I will finish our discussion about the difference between pH and alkalinity. Alkalinity is a measure of the acid-neutralizing capacity of a water. Acid-neutralizing capacity means the ability to accept acid without a subsequent drop in pH. Alkalinity is basically a measure of how much antacid is dissolved in the water. The more acid that can be added to a water before the pH starts to drop, the higher the alkalinity. Normally, adding acid to a solution would cause a drop in the pH since this increases the number of hydrogen ions. But if a hydrogen ion can be neutralized by a base then it will not contribute to the pH so the pH will not change. A water that can accept acid without a subsequent drop in pH is said to be buffered. Therefore, alkalinity is the amount of buffering in a water.
Alkalinity is not the measurement of just one substance or ion. It is the combined property of many anions (negative charged ions). To a great extent, the alkalinity of most waters is determined by the amount of bicarbonate and carbonate present in the water. But other substances such as hydroxide, phosphates, silicates and borates also contribute to the alkalinity.
While calcium carbonate is the most common way to express alkalinity the aquarist must realize that, as stated above, there may be many more substances contributing to the alkalinity then just carbonate. Further, calcium has nothing to do with alkalinity. In

########
Rank: 24
Score: 35.26294
Retrieved Text: The solute is the substance that is present in the smaller amount. The solvent is the substance that is present in the larger amount. Either may be a solid, liquid or gas although some solute/solution combinations are more common. A concentrated solution has a relatively large quantity of s specific solute per unit amount of solution, a dilute solution has a relatively small quantity of the same solute per unit ammount of solution. Solubility is a measure of how much solute will dissolve in a given amount of solvent and a given temperature. A solution that can exist in equilibrium with undissolved solute is a saturated solution. A solution whose concentration corresponds to the solubility limit is therefore saturated. If the concentration of solute is less than the solubility limit, it is unsaturated. Under carefully controlled conditions, a solution can be produced in which the concentration of solute is greater than the normal solubility limit. such a solution is said to be supersaturated. Miscible and immiscible are terms usually limited to solutions of liquids in liquids. If two liquids dissolve in each other in all proportions they are said to be miscible. If two liquids are insoluble in each other, they are said to be immiscible.
The dissolving process depends on surface area. A finelydivided solid offers more surface area per unit of mass than a coarsly divided solid. Therefore a finely divided solid dissolves more rapidly.
In a still solution, concentration builds up around the solute surface, causing a higher re-crystallization rate than would be present ifthe

########
Rank: 25
Score: 35.135715
Retrieved Text: be buffered and excreted to maintain acid base balance.
carbonic or volatile acid(H2CO3) and noncarbonic or nonvolatile acids.
Metabolism of fats and carbohydrates result in the production of 15-20 mol of CO 2 per day.
CO2 + H2O ↔ H2CO3(CA) ↔ H+ + HCO3where (CA) is the very important enzyme carbonic anhydrase.
ventilation leading to a stable PCO2 level.
Most of this comes from the metabolism of sulphur containing amino acids such as cysteine and methionine which yield sulphuric acid and from metabolism of lysine. citrate). . Note that HCO3. Buffers are located in the extracellular fluid (ECF). Ingestion of alkali containing foods (e. Note in this buffering reaction that bicarbonate reacts with a strong acid to form a weaker acid(H2CO3) which then dissociates into CO2 and H2O.g. arginine and histidine which yield hydrochloric acid. A normal diet results in the generation of 50 -100 meq of H+ per day.buffer system is considered very effective because of the vast quantity of bicarbonate in the body and the ability to excrete the CO2 formed via ventilation.used up in this process must be regenerated and the NA2SO4 must be excreted by the kidneys. the HCO3. The CO2 produced here does not reform H2CO3 because it is then excreted by the lungs. So that pH is not affected. Other less important buffers in the ECF are plasma proteins and inorganic phosphates. intracellular fluid and bone. The body buffers which are primarily weak acids. are able to take up or release H+ so that changes in the free H+ concentration are minimized.is used up in

########
Rank: 26
Score: 34.973095
Retrieved Text: Does Sodium Hydroxide Kill Plants?
Sodium hydroxide or lye is a simple ionic compound with the chemical formula NaOH, meaning that it has one atom of sodium for each atom of oxygen and atom of hydrogen. This compound is found in oven and drain cleaners and finds innumerable uses in industry. Despite all this, however, sodium hydroxide is not a compound you want to put on your plants.
Sodium hydroxide is strongly basic. When it dissolves in water, it releases hydroxide ions, which act as base because they can pick up hydrogen ions to become H2O. As sodium hydroxide concentration increases, the hydrogen ion concentration decreases, and the pH of the solution increases. Drain cleaners and oven cleaners or concentrated lye sold at some hardware stores will typically have a pH from 13 to 14 -- a highly alkaline pH.
A strong solution of lye will do one of two things, depending on how it's applied. If you were to pour it on the soil, for instance, it would raise soil pH. The extent to which the soil pH changes will depend on the buffer capacity and the amount and concentration of lye applied. If soil pH did increase substantially, however, many nutrients the plant needs would become unavailable to it -- iron being just one example. Starving the plant of nutrients could kill it and at the very least would stunt its growth.
If the sodium hydroxide were directly applied, by contrast, it would harm the plant in a much more immediate way. Concentrated sodium hydroxide is a very

########
Rank: 27
Score: 34.898746
Retrieved Text: What is the ionized water?
This is one of the most common ionized water FAQ. This water is obtained as a result of ionization process. Ionization makes the water to lose or gain an electron to become either acidic or alkaline. When it is alkaline, it has many hydroxyl ions, and people drink this water, whereas the acidic water has many hydrogen ions and is not suitable for human consumption, but is used outside our bodies and on plants.
What is the ionized water pH level?
The degree of activity of hydrogen ions in water determines the pH value and it is expressed by the factor of acidity or alkalinity of the water. This figure – the pH level, reflects the degree of acidity or alkalinity of the water, not the amount of acid or alkali contained in it.
pH level 6.9 to 0 is acidic. The lower the pH level the more acidic is the medium.
Our body is slightly alkaline in nature, but about 80-90% of the food we eat is acidic and highly acidic, which leads to accumulation of acidic waste in the body. It’s good for health to drink alkaline water, while the vast majority of water and beverages in shops have a significant acidity level.
What is the oxidation-reduction potential (ORP)?
The set of redox reactions is the basis of activity of the human body. The process of giving up electrons from one substance to another is called the oxidation-reduction reaction or ORP.
The substance that gives up its electron oxidizes and acquires a positive charge, and the substance

########
Rank: 28
Score: 34.884502
Retrieved Text: The year 2009 marks the 100th anniversary of Danish chemist Søren Peder Lauritz Sørensen’s introduction of the pH concept. pH is a measure of the hydrogen ion concentration in an aqueous solution. Essentially, pH measures acidity and alkalinity on a scale from 0.0 to 14.0. Pure water at room temperature (77° F) has a neutral pH, measuring 7.0.
The measurement of pH is critical to many fields, including medicine, biology, chemistry, and environmental science, and thus has many applications in daily life. Some examples of these applications are ensuring that the foods we eat are safe, protecting the environment from harmful industrial wastewater, and creating safe and effective medicines.
You can obtain a quick, accurate, and economical measure of pH by using universal indicator paper, commonly called pH paper. It contains a combination of indicators that change color when they come in contact with hydrogen and hydroxide ions. Acid contains hydrogen ions; bases contain hydroxide ions.
When you dip pH paper in a sample liquid, different amounts and types of ions produce different colors. Wide-range pH papers, such as the Hydrion® Spectral pH Paper, provide accurate measurement at full pH unit (1.0) divisions within the entire pH range of pH 0.0 to 14.0. Short-range pH papers, such as the Lo-Ion Test Kit, provide accurate pH measurements at smaller divisions, typically 0.5 pH units, within a shorter pH range, e.g., pH 0.0 to 6.0.
Save the results. pH paper strips can be pasted in your lab notebook.
Minimize the loss of sample. pH paper strips require just a drop or 2 of

########
Rank: 29
Score: 34.779102
Retrieved Text: What is an Arrhenius Acid?
What Happens When an Acid & a Base Are Combined?
Chemists have three separate theories for what constitutes an acid and a base, but there's no disagreement on the fact that they neutralize each other. When they combine in a water solution, they produce a salt. Acids and bases can combine in other ways, however, and when they do, the product isn't always a salt. For example, when you add zinc to ammonia, the reaction results in a complex ion. Until the introduction of the Lewis theory of acids and bases, this wouldn't even have been considered an acid/base reaction.
In aqueous solutions, acids and bases combine to neutralize each other and produce a salt. Acid-base reactions that do not occur in water usually also produce salts, but they may also produce complex ions.
According to a theory advanced by Svante Arrhenius. a Nobel prize-winning physicist and chemist, an acid in solution donates an H+ ion in water. The ions don't float around freely, but instead attach themselves to water molecules to form hydronium ions (H3O+). The pH of a solution, which refers to the "power of hydrogen," is a measure of the number of these ions present. pH is a negative logarithm of concentration, so the lower the pH, the higher the concentration of these ions, and the more acidic the solution. Bases, on the other hand, donate hydroxide (OH-) ions. When a solution has a preponderance of hydroxide ions, its pH is above 7 (the neutral point), and the solution is alkaline. Acids

================



======= Instance Index 21 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are weaker or stronger ):

The closer the field lines are drawn together, the stronger the field being described.


The gravitational force between two things that are far apart is weaker or stronger?

Target Text: weaker

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 33.836243
Retrieved Text: Why Does The Earth Pull On One Side Of The Moon More? Is The Moon Lopsided?
The Moon is pretty round; it’s set up much like the Earth – with a core of iron, surrounded by a mantle of other rocks, and topped off with a crust between 21 and 27 miles thick, at the surface. As far as we can tell, each of those components is pretty perfectly centered within the sphere that makes up our Moon.
Could we tell if the mass of the moon were offset somehow? Let’s say the near side of the Moon were made of denser rock (more mass per unit area) than the far side for some reason. What measurements would that change?
It wouldn’t necessarily change the elevation mapping; after all, you can just as easily have a large pile of dense rocks as you can have a large pile of less dense rock. However, what would change is the gravitational field mapping. In order to better understand exactly this sort of question - are the rocks over here roughly the same density as the rocks over there - we have mapped out very detailed measurements of the gravitational pull surrounding a number of other worlds - not to mention our own.
The final result looks like the image below (when unfurled from the sphere of the Moon), when viewed through the eyes of the twin Gravity Recovery and Interior Laboratory (GRAIL) satellites. These two satellites, dubbed Ebb and Flow, orbited the moon for nine months in 2012.
These maps allow us to

########
Rank: 1
Score: 32.99806
Retrieved Text: The tidal force is an apparent force that stretches a body towards and away from the center of mass of another body due to a gradient (difference in strength) in gravitational field from the other body; it is responsible for diverse phenomena, including tides, tidal locking, breaking apart of celestial bodies and formation of ring systems within the Roche limit, and in extreme cases, spaghettification of objects. It arises because the gravitational field exerted on one body by another is not constant across its parts: the nearest side is attracted more strongly than the farthest side. It is this difference that causes a body to get stretched. Thus, the tidal force is also known as the differential force, as well as a secondary effect of the gravitational field.
In celestial mechanics, the expression tidal force can refer to a situation in which a body or material (for example, tidal water) is mainly under the gravitational influence of a second body (for example, the Earth), but is also perturbed by the gravitational effects of a third body (for example, the Moon). The perturbing force is sometimes in such cases called a tidal force (for example, the perturbing force on the Moon): it is the difference between the force exerted by the third body on the second and the force exerted by the third body on the first.
Figure 4: The Moon's gravity differential field at the surface of the Earth is known (along with another and weaker differential effect due to the Sun) as the Tide Generating Force. This

########
Rank: 2
Score: 32.2666
Retrieved Text: There are four fundamental forces of nature. The four forces are gravitational force, Electromagnetic Force, Weak Nuclear Force, and Strong Nuclear Force. These four forces have strengths with Strong Nuclear Force being the strongest, but has the shortest range. Then it would be Electromagnetic Force which is strong and has infinite range. Next is the weak Nuclear Force which is weak, but has short range. Lastly is the Gravitational force which is the weakest, but it has infinite range.
The definition of Gravitational Force is “the force of attraction between all masses in the universe; especially the attraction of the earth’s mass for bodies near its surface.” This force is the weakest, but it has infinite range. Gravitational force is the type of force that would attract any two objects and it would use mass in order to attract them. We call the gravitational force “attractive.” The reason that we call it attractive is because of all the mass that it attracts. One thing that gravitational force never does is push masses apart it always brings them together.
Next is Electromagnetic Force which is strong and has infinite range. Since this force is infinite range it affects everything in the universe. This force has the special ability not only to attract charges, but it can also repel them. Since the electromagnetic Force has infinite range you would think that it would be weak, but it is actually very strong. Now I’m going to give you an example that blew my mind and tell you how strong the electromagnetic

########
Rank: 3
Score: 32.224762
Retrieved Text: Casimir forces are in our opinion gravitational pushing forces created by the cyclical variation – expansion and contraction – of the gravitational fields related to the material masses that produce its gravitational – and variable – curvatures.
Van der Waals forces are in our view created by the displacements of the “electromagnetic” field born of and in the intersection of at least two entangled gravitational fields. Those electromagnetic displacements are caused by the cyclical gravitational variation of each entangled gravitational field.
Planetary perihelion and aphelion are in our perspective direct consequences of the cyclical gravitational expansion and contraction of the orbited field.
Today it is accepted by mainstream physics that there is a pressure field named “Higgs field” which is the reason that matter has its weight. This field that permeates the entire universe vibrates when it interacts with matter. And this vibration itself is known as “Higgs boson”.
For us it is evident that the vibration of the “Higgs field” can be considered a cyclical fluctuation of the gravitational field that interacts with each matter. But for mainstream physicists this is not so evident. They are having a lot of difficulties finding how gravity can be integrated simply in a unified explanation of natural forces. We think their difficulties are due to a misunderstanding about what electromagnetic “charges” and electromagnetic fields are. This misunderstanding is preventing them from understanding what gravity and anti-gravity are too.
For us anti-gravity is a fundamental force of Nature. It is a force created by gravity itself.
Most properly, antigravity is a “force” created by gravitational

########
Rank: 4
Score: 32.197002
Retrieved Text: Let's measure my weight on several planets with the scale that we used on Earth.
Every object has a gravitational field around it and attracts surrounding objects. The strength of this gravitational field is proportional to the mass of the object.
Let's officially explain the gravity that Newton found. Newton's gravity can be expressed as follows.
Two objects with mass are always attracting. The force is inversely proportional to the square of the distance between the two objects, proportional to the product of the mass of the object. 'F' is short for Force. The unit of force is 'N(Newton)'.
The 'G' is a value that is revealed as an accurate experiment result as a proportionality constant.
In other words, if two objects of 1 kg are about 1 m apart, they are attracting about 6.67 x 10-11N. Since the value of "G" is very small, we can see that gravity is a very weak force. Gravity is the weakest force among the four Forces known to date. However, it is also the most powerful force in the universe.
Large objects like the Earth can produce a large gravity field but small objects around them can not exert a large gravity force to attract each other. Therefore, most gravity that we can see around us is the gravity of the earth.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 31.705727
Retrieved Text: Charge coupling - 2.31x10-28 Jm for photon, 1.87x10-64 Jm for graviton String Theory - open string for photon, closed string for graviton As you can see, many of the more commonly known, superficial properties of the two bosons are identical, but this fails to hold for a number of other properties that cause the two bosons, and so the two forces, to be very different. This is easily seen by the extreme difference in strength between the two forces (a small fridge magnet can hold a mass against the entire gravitational force of the planet). Hence it is the case that 'gravity waves', which can be viewed as simply consisting of coherent states of many gravitons, are not that the same as electromagnetic waves, can be viewed as simply consisting of coherent states of many photons, because photons and gravitons are fundamentally different. As a final note, it should be noted that some Physicists believe that the four forces will, in fact, be shown to be different low energy variations of the same phenomenon when viewed at very high energies, meaning all four forces are actually the same. This has already be shown to be true for the electromagnetic and weak nuclear force, which are now often referred to as the electroweak force. Whether the very weak gravitational force will follow this trend is unknown and a quantum theory of gravity is first required. Nevertheless, it should be remembered that we can only observe the Universe at relatively low energies, and we do not know how

########
Rank: 6
Score: 31.44253
Retrieved Text: Why Is There a Simultaneous High Tide On Both Sides of the Earth and What Causes the Tide Generating Force?
In considering the origin of tides we must disregard the Earth’s daily rotation around its axis and concentrate only on the revolution of the Earth-Moon system.
This revolution takes place around the system’s common centre of gravity, which is about halfway from the surface to the centre of the Earth, and causes every point in the Earth’s interior or on its surface to describe a circle of radius equal to the distance of the common centre of gravity from the Earth’s center.
Therefore, at every point there is a centrifugal force of the same magnitude and in the same direction: away from the moon, parallel to the line joining the Earth-Moon centers.
This centrifugal force is distinct from the one caused by the Earth’s rotation, which we are disregarding.
Every point of the Earth also experiences a gravitational force as it is pulled towards the moon, the direction of this force being different for different points of the Earth.
The resultant of these two forces creates the tide-generating force. If we now consider two points on the Earth’s surface, one directly below the moon and the other on the far side, it turns out that the moon’s gravitational force at the near point is greater than the centrifugal force which, as we have seen, is away from the moon.
The far point is farther away from the moon by one Earth diameter and the moon’s gravitational force there happens to be smaller than

########
Rank: 7
Score: 31.035603
Retrieved Text: How are the rings of planets formed and what are they made out of?
The rings around planets like Jupiter and Saturn (yes Jupiter has rings!) are made up of bits of ice and rock.
They form when asteroids,comets, or any other large objects pass too close to the planet and are torn apart by the planet's gravity. There is a point around the planets called the Roche Limit. This is the point where gravity will tear apart an incoming object, and prevent the particles from re-accreting back into a larger object.
Essentially, rings are just thousands of tiny moonlets that orbit a planet and don't clump back into larger objects.
There is a problem, however, if the debris orbiting a planet orbits too closely. Because gravitational force varies with distance, the different accelerations between two points at different distances from a massive object create a tidal force that has a stretching effect on nearby objects. This force from the Sun and Moon creates tides on opposite sides of the Earth, for example. When the tidal force is large enough, it overcomes the gravitational forces trying to bring individual particles together. Within a given distance from a planet, called its 'Roche Limit', tidal forces prevent debris from aggregating into larger bodies.
Planetary rings, then, consist of millions of separate small rock and ice particles, each maintaining their own orbit around the host planet. From a distance, these small orbiting particles only APPEAR to be a continuous, solid ring.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 30.653461
Retrieved Text: Every body attracts every other body in the universe with a force that is directly proportional to the product of the masses of the two bodies and inversely proportional to the square of the distance between their centres.
In simple words, this means that any object that has mass, automatically attracts another object that has mass!
These two masses are attracting each other with a force called a Gravitational Force. The distance between them, from center to center, is called r.
G is called the Universal Gravitational Constant.
Chill, it's on the data sheet!
Some of the constants from the Data Sheet.
Calculate the Gravitational Force of Attraction between these two masses.
The diagram can then be drawn like this, showing TWO forces.
The two forces are the same size even though the masses are different.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 30.540823
Retrieved Text: Q1. What is the force between two small charged spheres having charges 2 × 10-7 C and 3 × 10-7 C placed 30cm apart in air ?
r = 30 cm = 0.3 m , F = ?
Q2. The electrostatic force on a small sphere of charge 0.4 μC due to another small sphere of charge −0.8 μC in air is 0.2 N .
(a) What is the distance between the two spheres ?
(b) What is the force on the second sphere due to the first ?
Q3. Check that the ratio ke2/Gmemp is dimensionless. Look up a Table of Physical Constants and determine the value of this ratio. What does the ratio signify ?
Sol. An electron and proton have a charge of 1.6 × 10-19 C each and their masses are 9.1×10-31 kg and 1.67 ×10-27 kg .
The ratio is quite large . This shows that electrostatic forces are much stronger than gravitational forces .
A common example is the lifting of a paper by charged comb against the force of entire Earth on that paper .

########
Rank: 10
Score: 29.86715
Retrieved Text: This year was not kind to gravitational wave researchers despite multiple experiments across various instruments both on Earth and in space.
Gravitational waves are ripples in space-time predicted by Albert Einstein in 1916 using his Theory of General Relativity. He theorized that gravitational waves carry energy away from accelerating masses in the form of gravitational radiation much like photons carry away energy in the form of electromagnetic radiation. But because gravity is 1039 (yes, that’s a thousand trillion trillion trillion) times weaker than electromagnetism it would take an enormous mass accelerating at incredible speeds to generate gravitational waves that could even possibly be detected within the limits of known physics. Years after Einstein, scientists predicted that objects such as supernovae and merging black holes and neutron stars could generate such powerful gravitational waves and have carried out several experiments over the years in an attempt to detect them. This year several of these experiments came to an end having failed to detect any evidence of gravitational waves though they should have been sensitive enough to do so.
The Background Imaging of Cosmic Extragalactic Polarization experiments were not looking for gravitational waves generated by merging objects or exploding stars but by the creation of the Universe shortly after the “Big Bang”. In March 2014 researchers had announced that one of BICEP’s radio telescopes in the South Pole had detected polarization of the Cosmic Microwave Background (CMB) caused by gravitational waves in the early Universe. If true this would have been the first direct evidence of gravitational waves ever observed.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 29.702135
Retrieved Text: I enclose a copy of the Society�s lecture programme for the 2005/2006 session. The first lecture takes place on Thursday the 22nd September and will be on The Cassini Huygens Mission by Nick Achilleos of Imperial College.
Ordinary members � Simon Lang, Eric Morgan, John Oakes, Michael Sabel, Betty Weale.
1905 was Einstein�s annus mirabilis. He published five seminal papers on Physics. One, on light as quanta, effectively invented Quantum Optics; two demonstrated the reality of the kinetic-molecular theory of heat; two more resolved the fundamental problems between classical mechanics and electrodynamics through his Special Theory of Relativity and postulated E=mc�. But it took ten more years to develop his General Theory of Relativity; this offered the only development in gravitational theory since Newton�s in 1687. The article by Doug Daniels overpage will bring you up to date.
The conventional theory for the formation of the gas giant Jupiter postulates its growth from a core of solid material by the gravitational attraction of gas, mainly hydrogen and helium, from the protoplanetary nebula until it reached its present size of 318 earth masses. It is argued that the solid material could only collect in relatively cool regions beyond the �ice line�, typically at least 3 AU from the star. (An astronomical Unit, AU, is the sun-earth distance). So far we have been able to detect spectroscopically many extra-solar planets, mainly by the perturbation of the radial velocity of the star; the method favours the detection of massive gas giants with short orbital periods. Ten years ago �Pegasi� planets were discovered

########
Rank: 12
Score: 29.48669
Retrieved Text: 0:13Skip to 0 minutes and 13 secondsA mass curves space time. And so a moving mass will start displacement of curvature that will be travelling throughout the universe. This is exactly what we call a gravitational wave. Now, we can take a specific example in order to get a better picture, better physical picture of a gravitational wave, which is the image of a stone that you throw in a pond. You know that when the stone reaches the surface of the water, it starts some ripples which travel through the surface of the pond. And those are deformation of a surface then we can think similarly of gravitational waves as ripples of curvature throughout the universe. We will discuss in the next sequence what are the sources of gravitational waves.
1:07Skip to 1 minute and 7 secondsFor the time being, I would like to describe the effect of the gravitational wave passing in this room, for example. I have behind me a distribution, a collection of tennis balls which represents a distribution of masses organised in a circle. Let me imagine that there is a gravitational wave passing in the room through a direction orthogonal to the plane of the circle. There are, in fact, two types of gravitational waves-- we say two polarizations. In the first case, the motion of the circle of masses is either horizontal-- the formation into an ellipse-- or vertical. And because it's a wave, it's a periodic deformation. So this is the first type of polarisation.
2:02Skip to 2 minutes and

########
Rank: 13
Score: 29.417402
Retrieved Text: Titan, the largest moon of Saturn, has a mean orbital radius of 1.22 x 109m. The orbital period of Titan is 15.95 days. Hyperion, another moon of Saturn, orbits at a mean radius of 1.48 x 109m. Use Kepler’s third law of planetary motion to predict the orbital period of Hyperion in days.
The mass of Earth is 5.97 x 1024 kg, the mass of the Moon is 7.35 x 1022kgand the mean distance of the Moon from the center of Earth is 3.84 x 105 km. Use these data to calculate the magnitude of the gravitational force exerted by Earth on the Moon.
Find the mass of the bowling ball.
Compare the weight of the first ball with the gravitational force exerted by the second ball.
The planet Mercury travels around the Sun with a mean orbital radius of 5.8 x1010m. the mass of the Sun is 1.99 x 1030 kg. Use Newton’s version of Kepler’s third law to determine how long it takes Mercury to orbit the Sun. Give your answer in Earth days.
Io, the closest moon to Jupiter, has a period of 1.77 days and a mean orbital radius of 4.222 x 108 m. Use this information together with Newton’s version of Kepler’s third law to determine the mass of Jupiter.
Earth has an orbital period of 365 days and its mean distance from the Sun is 1.495 x 108 km. The planet Pluto’s mean distance from the Sun is 5.896 x109 km. Using Kepler’s third law, calculate Pluto’s orbital period in Earth days.
The mass of Earth is

########
Rank: 14
Score: 29.288116
Retrieved Text: 1. The Sun’s gravitational force upon Earth is 180 times larger than the Moon’s gravitational force upon Earth (p. 45), but lunar tides are larger than solar tides because the Sun is so much further away than the Moon (p. 48).
2. Saturn’s rings are believed to have been caused by tidal forces due to gravitational variation. Long ago, a moon of Saturn got too close to the planet and was pulled apart—the fragments make up the rings (p. 49).
3. Gravity and centripetal acceleration caused by the Moon create two tidal bulges on Earth—one directly below the Moon and the other on the far side of the Earth opposite the first bulge. The Moon’s gravitational pull on the two tidal bulges produces a net counter-rotational torque that tends to reduce the Earth’s rotational speed. The result is that the length of a day on Earth is continually increasing by about 2 milliseconds per century. Assuming that this rate of increase has been in effect for the last 2,000 years, then the day Julius Caesar was assassinated in 44BC was shorter in duration, compared to yesterday, by about 40 milliseconds (p. 53).
4. Physics can be funny! What do you get when you cross a mosquito with a mountain climber? A biologist would say, “nothing, because that’s impossible to do,” and a mathematician would be able to prove why. In vector mathematics there are two different ways to multiply two vectors together: the dot product (which produces a scalar result), and the cross product (which produces another vector). Each

########
Rank: 15
Score: 29.240147
Retrieved Text: Abstract: Freely falling point-like objects converge towards the center of the Earth. Hence the gravitational field of the Earth is inhomogeneous, and possesses a tidal component. The free fall of an extended quantum object such as a hydrogen atom prepared in a high principal-quantum-number stretch state, i.e., a circular Rydberg atom, is predicted to fall more slowly that a classical point-like object, when both objects are dropped from the same height from above the Earth. This indicates that, apart from "quantum jumps," the atom exhibits a kind of "quantum incompressibility" during free fall in inhomogeneous, tidal gravitational fields like those of the Earth. A superconducting ring-like system with a persistent current circulating around it behaves like the circular Rydberg atom during free fall. Like the electronic wavefunction of the freely falling atom, the Cooper-pair wavefunction is "quantum incompressible." The ions of the ionic lattice of the superconductor, however, are not "quantum incompressible," since they do not possess a globally coherent quantum phase. The resulting difference during free fall in the response of the nonlocalizable Cooper pairs of electrons and the localizable ions to inhomogeneous gravitational fields is predicted to lead to a charge separation effect, which in turn leads to a large repulsive Coulomb force that opposes the convergence caused by the tidal, attractive gravitational force on the superconducting system. A "Cavendish-like" experiment is proposed for observing the charge separation effect induced by inhomogeneous gravitational fields in a superconducting circuit. This experiment would demonstrate the existence of a novel coupling between gravity and electricity via macroscopically

########
Rank: 16
Score: 29.003742
Retrieved Text: Describe the nature of gravity as an attractive non-contact force between two objects with mass (inverse square law).
Describe the nature of gravity (free-fall) on the surface of earth.
Summit Public Schools have designed curricula comprised of project-based learning and focus areas, respectively designed to foster growth in interdisciplinary cognitive skills and facilitate mastery of content. Summit’s projects have been vetted by Stanford University’s SCALE program and focus areas align to Common Core State Standards. Summit’s high school courses are A-G approved in California.
If two objects with different masses are undergoing free fall, would they have equal acceleration? Why/why not?
How do you think air friction will affect the objects?
What happened when you dropped various objects from the same height? Why do you think that happened?
How do mass and distance affect the gravitational force between two objects?
What was the impact of increasing/decreasing mass and distance on the gravitational force between two objects? Was the gravitational force different/similar between various objects? Why/why not?
What observations can we then make about gravity on the surface of the earth?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 28.969416
Retrieved Text: The politician Douglas Carswell (UKIP) has recently been arguing with the scientist Paul Nightingale about what causes the tides on Earth. Carswell said it was the gravitational influence of the Sun and Nightingale said it was the Moon. The debate came up in the context of Brexit. Using the tides as an analogy, Nightingale had argued that trade relationships with the EU were more important than those with more distant giants like China.
Giving Carswell the benefit of the doubt (after all, hundreds of years' worth of expert opinion might be wrong) we decided to do a back-of-the-envelope calculation to see who's right.
where is the gravitational constant.
However, the tidal force the Moon exerts on the Earth is calculated by working out the ratio between its gravitational pull on the near side of the Earth and its pull on the far side.
This means that the gravitational pull of the Moon is stronger on the near side of the Earth than it is on the far side.
Now let’s do the same for the Sun, writing for the distance between Earth and Sun, centre to centre.
This means that the gravitational pull of the Sun is only stronger on the near side of the Earth than it is on the far side.
We therefore conclude that Nightingale is right. The ratio is far bigger for the Moon than it is for the Sun, so the tides we see are due to the Moon.
Interesting and fun to read.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 28.825806
Retrieved Text: The results mean that Europe could now begin building a mission to detect gravitational waves from space.
Gravitational waves hit the headlines earlier this year when scientists from the Laser Interferometer Gravitational-wave Observatory (LIGO), based in the United States, detected these minuscule ripples for the first time.
This detection, coupled with the unprecedented success of LISA Pathfinder, led Stefano Vitale, LISA Pathfinder Primary Investigator, University of Trento to call 2016 an “Annus mirabilis” at today’s press conference.
Gravitational waves are a prediction of Einstein’s General Relativity. In this century-old theory, Einstein describes gravity as an invisible landscape of contours. Accelerating objects produce oscillations in this landscape, which are the gravitational waves. They propagate outwards like ripples on a pond.
However, they are minuscule, causing disturbances of no more than a thousandth the width of an atomic nucleus. This made Einstein doubt whether they would ever be measured.
LISA Pathfinder was supposed to take a step towards the necessary sensitivity to do this in space. However, the engineering is so good that it has virtually crossed the finish line.
At the heart of the mission are two metal cubes. Each weighs 2kg and has been hewn from a €200,000 ingot of gold-platinum alloy. Today, the European Space Agency announced that the spacecraft has succeeded in isolating these ‘test masses’ from every other force in the Universe except gravity.
This test could not be performed on Earth because the cubes had to float freely inside the spacecraft. The position between the two cubes is measured by a laser system, which is the key to building

########
Rank: 19
Score: 28.566046
Retrieved Text: I'm unfortunately ill equipped to speak scientifically about gravity.
So I'm writing this SCP that's essentially an upside down house, people and things that enter find themselves walking on the ceiling while everything else in there acts as though the floor is the floor. Anyway, I want to explain it like they're being pulled with the same amount of force as they would be in normal earth gravity and the same for the objects on the ceiling/ground level depending on your perspective.
I tried googling what gravitational pull in any direction is measured in but alas I came up with nothing. I hope someone more sciencey than me can help.
This ain't the right forum to ask this in. Mods, pls move.
I would check Expert Witnesses to see if there are any local sources of info.
My bad, where should it have gone? For future reference.
This section is for posting drafts you've written and getting them critiqued. You should have posted this in the "Help: Ideas and Brainstorming" section of the forums. E2:Thanks for the move, zyn.
Click to Show: Here comes some physics.
As for your question re: gravity. It might seem a bit tricky to describe in a single unit, since the force experienced (in newtons) is directly related to how massive the interacting objects are (Force = mass * acceleration). Therefore, the force is different for different objects. To get around this, gravity is generally described by its acceleration: 9.8 m/s2 at the Earth's surface. This changes, too, based on distance from the Earth, but the change is small

########
Rank: 20
Score: 28.467604
Retrieved Text: Each and every one of us is familiar with the force of gravity. It keeps us firmly planted on Earth, it is the force against which we must fight every morning to get out of bed, and it is the reason why climbing a staircase or a mountain requires effort. Thanks to gravity, we glide down snow-covered slopes on our skis, water flows from the mountains to the sea, and apples fall from trees. According to legend, this phenomenon played a significant part when Isaac Newton developed the first mathematical description of universal gravitational attraction, realizing that the same force that makes those apples fall also choreographs the celestial ballet of planets, stars and galaxies.
Without gravity, the moon would not orbit the Earth, the Earth would not revolve around the Sun, and galaxies would not exist. Newton’s profound contribution was to realize that gravity acts on all matter, at every moment, everywhere, in every corner of the Universe. It is universal!
Gravitation is also mysterious and counter-intuitive. The modern theory describing it is general relativity, developed by Albert Einstein in the years following 1910, and published in 1915. According to general relativity, space and time form a structure in which geometry is curved, far from our everyday experience of the world. In the most extreme cases, gravity gives rise to objects as exotic as black holes, from which no signal can escape. It is also at the origin of gravitational waves, discovered very recently thanks to detectors of incredible precision. Another strange aspect of gravity is that

########
Rank: 21
Score: 28.051188
Retrieved Text: Gravitation – Gravitation, universal law of gravitation, force of gravitation of the earth (earth’s gravity), acceleration due to gravity, mass and weight, free fall.
Flotation – Thrust and Pressure, Archimedes’ Principle, Buoyancy, Elementary idea of relative density.
The Pull of the Earth – Gravitation, universal law of gravitation, force of gravitation of the earth (earth’s gravity), acceleration due to gravity, mass and weight, free fall.
Why Bodies Float – Floating Bodies: Thrust and Pressure, Archimedes’ Principle, Buoyancy, Idea of relative density.
Centripetal force – The inward force on a body moving in a curved path around another body is called centripetal force.
When we whirl around a stone attached to a string, the force keeping the stone towards the centre of the circle is centripetal force.
Gravitational force – It is the force of attraction between any two masses in the universe.
Force of gravitation due to earth is called gravity. The more remote the body, the less the gravity.
The force of gravitation is a force of attraction only.
G is known as universal gravitational constant and its SI unit is Nm2/ kg2.
The value of G is 6.67 x 10-11 Nm2 / kg2 and in CGS system, it is 6.67 x 10-8 dyne-cm2/ gm2.
(a) the gravitational force of attraction binds us to the Earth.
(b) the moon revolves around the Earth.
(c) the planets revolve around the Earth.
(d) high tides and low tides of the oceans.
All objects falling towards the Earth under the action of gravitational force of the Earth alone are said to be in “free fall”.
Acceleration due to Gravity – The acceleration experienced by

########
Rank: 22
Score: 27.867386
Retrieved Text: Question: Why does the earth orbit the sun? Why doesn't the gravitational force cause all the planets to just crash into the sun?
Asked by Zobo64 to Colin, John, Kevin, Shikha, Triona on 13 Nov 2014. This question was also asked by xX_FaZe_FiNnErS_Xx.
You’re right that the Sun puts a huge gravitational force on the Earth (and every other planet too). Earth doesn’t fall into the Sun because the Earth has a velocity in the direction at 90 degrees to the force of the Sun’s gravitational pull. If the Sun’s gravitational pull wasn’t there, the Earth would travel on in a straight line. But the gravity of the Sun alters its course, causing it to travel around the Sun in an almost circular orbit.
The planets (plus asteroids, comets, dwarf planets etc) are lucky. They’re in nice stable orbits. The Sun is made of stuff that wasn’t so lucky and fell into it as the Solar System formed 4.5 billion years ago.
The Earth is not rotating around the sun: but the Earth and Sun are rotating around a common point between the two which is really really close to the Sun. The same for all the other planets, but it gets even more complicated in that all the planets exert gravitational forces on each other too. So the Sun is pulling the earth towards it and Jupiter is pulling the earth in the other direction away from the Sun. This orbital system has taken billions of years to stabilise and settle down and is still evolving over time really

########
Rank: 23
Score: 27.863653
Retrieved Text: Force is a manifestation of any energy in a spatial point. To speak about force fields, we can expand the concept of force to the possibility of manifestation of energy in any spatial point of the field.
From comments on Newton's Laws of Dynamics, we can see that new paradigm of Global Physics delves into concepts of force and acceleration. These concepts connect two types of movement previously described.
It is no longer possible to establish a definition of force as rigid as the second Law of Force or Newton's Fundamental Law of Dynamics. First, because concept and types of movement do not always refer to mass; second, because there are different types of energy, or properties of the reticular structure of matter or Global Aether.
Conceptually, effects of new types of forces are not minor, since they are present in all physics processes. Although, quantitatively, they can seem insignificant due to the traditional idea of small deviation of light in passing close to the stars, or a small variation in the orbit of Mercury.
In economics, physics, or any other science, a partial analysis can always be useful, but we must be aware of limitations of such analyses to do not abandon the model.
In physical processes of motion, not only is kinetic energy present because a force caused by electromagnetic energy or potential gravitational energy, but there are also new types of force and energy due to movement of Global Aether. Such as those phenomena called expansion and contraction of space in the area of Astrophysics and movements of

########
Rank: 24
Score: 27.812424
Retrieved Text: Prof. Carlo Fonseka in his article titled “what are things made of” has chosen three topics other than how he wanted to give up Medicine for Physics after listening to a lecture by Dr. Muthukumarana. I wish he did so by any means available at that time as we could have discussed these problems in Physics at a technical level. Instead we have to deal with popular literature such as “50 physics ideas you really need to know”. Joanne Baker the authour of the book has studied Physics at Cambridge as an undergraduate and has done her Ph. D. in Astrophysics at Sydney. Apparently her specialty is space and earth sciences, at Nature Magazine (not sure whether it is the Nature journal) according to Google but no mention has been made of Cosmology, High Energy Physics or General Relativity. Astrophysics is a very vast subject and it is not stated the area in which she has specialized. Nevertheless, I have no hesitation to accept Baker as an authority on Gravitation and General Relativity not because Prof. Fonseka has quoted her as an authority on this important question related to incorporation of gravitation into special relativity, but since I know that even so called authorities make mistakes. However, what I cannot understand is the following statement by Prof. Fonseka. “Prof. Nalin knows a great deal more mathematics and physics than I do and I will discuss such esoteric matters with him privately. The trouble is that I cannot make myself treat him as an unbiased authority on

########
Rank: 25
Score: 27.658289
Retrieved Text: In developing The Unified Theory, Gravity must be dealt with first.
Yes! Your first instinct in your first physics class was correct.
If we look at the gravitational force, we find the hypothetical and yet, unobserved particle, the graviton.
We also see the electromagnetic force and gravitational force have remarkably similar attributes.
are different versions of the same force.
both have an infinite range.
but the forces are equal and opposite in Newton 's mechanics”.
That is correct inside any particular atom, or if there were only one atom in the universe.
there is a very slight attraction between atoms.
So, gravity is simply the weak electrostatic attraction between atoms. Its that simple.
the Attractive Forces are coupled together and work in concert.
The Repulsive forces are not coupled and do not work together.
It's like two against one. But the repulsive also keep everything from collapsing.
This amount would vary depending upon the mass of each individual atom.
if it was made of Uranium.
In the case of an object the size of a baseball, it would be an insignificant force.
But, on a planetary scale, it would amount to an overwhelmingly significant force.
As demonstrated, the larger the body the greater the Gravitational Force.
get two magnets and push the two N together. Notice how they deflect.
Now try N to S and you will see they are always locked in because they work together.
Use your imagination. Think of it on the atomic level. I think that nothing can be discovered when trying to look at the atom from a Quantum Mechanical perspective. The Rutherford-Bohr model becomes a useful tool that allows comprehension

########
Rank: 26
Score: 27.55174
Retrieved Text: One the great gaps between the scientifically literate and those who are less so is the proper understanding and use of terms. The whole "theory" issue for example. Are there any fundamental terms and concepts that you experience people miss using that you would like to clear up?
tombombodil wrote: Another thing I thought of (in terms of theories and skepticism etc) is that something can be far from "set in stone" (the way I would consider Newtonian physics or the Pythagorean theorem to be "set in stone") can still be experimentally valid and more importantly, practically useful. For example non-real numbers are pretty esoteric to most people and didn't even get accepted as worth consideration by academics until a few hundred years ago, but mechanical and civil engineers use them all the time to allow them to build physical things that we walk on/in.
It could follow that a theory/model that later proves to be off the mark, could in the present be somewhat useful for a number of practical applications, not to mention being a necessary stepping stone to a more accurate theory.
On a smaller scale, both electricity and thermal physics were first conceived using fluid models. We can see the remnants of this in modern language: electric currents and heat flow. The fluid models aren't really useful any more, but electromagnetic field theory and statistical mechanics needed the accomplishments of the scientists who worked in the fluid models to get off the ground.
Magmoo wrote: One the great gaps between the scientifically literate and those who

########
Rank: 27
Score: 27.526382
Retrieved Text: What are the four basic forces?
All of the known forces in the universe can be grouped into four basic types. In order of increasing strength, these are gravitation, the weak force, electromagnetism, and the strong force. These forces have important roles not only in the interactions between particles, but also in the decay of one particle into other particles.
1. The Gravitational force:- Gravity is of course exceedingly important in our daily lives, but on the scale of fundamental interactions between particles in the subatomic realm, it is of no importance at all. To give a relative figure, the gravitational force between two protons just touching at their surfaces is about 10-38 of the strong force between them. The principal difference between gravitation and the other forces is that, on the practical scale, gravity is cumulative and infinite in range. For example, your weight is the cumulative effect of the gravitational force exerted by each atom of the Earth on each atom of your body.
2. The week force:- The week force is responsible for nuclear beta decay and other similar decay processes involving fundamental particles. It does not play a major role in the binding of nuclei. The weak force between two neighboring protons is about 10-7 of the strong force between them, and the range of the weak force is smaller than 1 fm. That is, at separations greater than about 1 fm, the weak force between particles is negligible. Nevertheless, the weak force is important in understanding the behavior of fundamental particles, and it is

########
Rank: 28
Score: 27.437347
Retrieved Text: I find myself getting a little uncomfortable when discussing laser interferometers in the search for gravitational waves. On the one hand, the physicists involved are doing some cutting-edge science to search for one of the most observationally difficult things to find; and if they do find a gravitational wave signature it will provide the direct evidence for one of Einstein’s critical general relativity predictions. On the other hand, a huge amount of money has been ploughed into the LIGO project, and despite all the optimistic predictions, it has still generated few results. Unfortunately, the latter is persisting in a new publication from the LIGO scientists.
Using data from three years ago, observational results were combined from the US LIGO detectors and the German GEO600. Looking at a month-period from February to March 2005, the analysis is not good news; no gravitational waves were found during this international effort (combining the US and German detectors would have seriously increased the sensitivity of the results, so this is very bad). The team even go as far to say “No candidate gravitational wave signals have been identified.” Oh dear.
As pointed out by the Physics arXiv Blog, this may just have been bad luck. Perhaps there were no black hole collisions, supernovae or spinning lumpy neutron stars that month? Possibly. It seems more likely that the instrumentation isn’t sensitive enough or something isn’t quite right with the theory. These two options would be terrible news for the LIGO team and other laser interferometer groups around the world.
Indiana: Balloq’s medallion only had

########
Rank: 29
Score: 27.397243
Retrieved Text: – Gravity is a force, but it’s not a force of attraction, it’s a force of pressure.
– There is a gravitational flux in motion (it could be named “aether” in motion, “galactic dust” in motion, moving “Higgs field”… science has a big problem calling to same reality with very different names) that pressures on the matter that it finds in its way, trying to pass through it. Depending on the resistance of that matter to be passed through, because of their spatial density, the gravitational flux will create a gravitational field with a specific curvature.
– Gravitational curvatures vary periodically. Gravitational fields expand and contract periodically. When the gravitational field’s pressure on matter is higher because of the higher material resistance, the gravitational curvature will experience a higher refraction or amplitude. The concave gravitational field acts like a longitudinal wave.
– The higher or lower friction of the gravitational flux on matter will determine the periodical gravitational variation and its frequency. When the pressure of the gravitational field is higher the friction on matter will became higher and it will determine a variation on the material spatial distribution, changing its density that will became lowest. It will produce that the gravitational flux passes through matter more easily, experiencing a variation on its curvature. Now the gravitational curvature will have lower refraction because of its lower pressure on matter. It is a periodical process.
– When two gravitational fields that vary periodically entangle, they create in their mutual intersection four new fields that are electromagnetic.
– By “entanglement” I mean the

================



======= Instance Index 22 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are Small planet or Large planet ):

Objects with greater mass have a stronger force of gravity between them.


An asteroid traveled equal distance between a small massed planet and a large massed planet and got caught by one of their gravitational pulls. Which one is less likely to have caught the asteroid Small planet or Large planet?

Target Text: Small planet

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 48.7003
Retrieved Text: An Asteroid is headed our way – the second this week – but there’s no need to worry.
The newly discovered space rock will pass within 39,000 miles (63,000km) of Earth on Friday evening GMT. That’s less than one-fifth the distance to the moon.
Designated 2018 CB, the asteroid is an estimated 50ft to 130ft (15 meters to 40 meters) in size, possibly bigger than the one that exploded over Russia five years ago this month.
The manager of Nasa’s Center for Near-Earth Object Studies, Paul Chodas, said asteroids this size usually don’t come this close – just once or twice a year.
While Friday’s close approach isn’t a huge deal, Chodas said in an email “it is a reminder that asteroids can pass very close to our planet and it’s important that we find these objects when they do get close”.
It will be the second time this week an asteroid buzzes Earth. On Tuesday, an asteroid passed within 114,000 miles (183,000km), slightly more than halfway to the moon.
Both of this week’s asteroids were discovered on 4 February by astronomers at the Nasa-funded Catalina Sky Survey in Arizona. Last year, more than 2,000 previously unknown near-Earth asteroids were discovered, according to Chodas.
A whopper asteroid named Apophis – estimated at approximately 1,000 feet or more than 300 meters – will pass at just one-tenth the distance between Earth and the moon in 2029. In the meantime, astronomers are on the lookout for asteroids lurking in the cosmic shadows.
“These asteroids are simply too small to be detected until they get really close

########
Rank: 1
Score: 47.81486
Retrieved Text: A fairly large near-Earth asteroid found 3 years ago will travel safely past Earth on April 19 at a range of approximately 1.1 million miles, or around 4.6 times the distance between Earth and the Moon.
While there is no chance for the asteroid to smash into our planet, the pass is particularly close for an asteroid this large.
The asteroid, referred to as 2014 JO25, was found in May 2014 by scientists at the Catalina Sky Survey, a part of NASA’s Near Earth Object (NEO) Observations Program. Recent measurements by NASA’s NEOWISE mission revealed the asteroid is about 2,000 feet across and has an exterior approximately twice as reflective as the Moon’s surface.
The asteroid will travel toward Earth from the direction of the Sun and will become very noticeable in the night sky after April 19. It is expected to brighten to around magnitude 11, which means it might be visible with small amateur telescopes for a night or two before travels too far away, fading into the night sky.
Little asteroids pass this far from Earth with regularly. However, this upcoming approach is the nearest by any known asteroid this big since the pass of Toutatis, a 3.1-mile asteroid that soared within approximately four lunar spans in 2004. The next encounter of an asteroid of similar size will take place in 2027 when the half-mile-wide asteroid 1999 AN10 will fly by at about the same distance as the Moon, or nearly 240,000 miles.
The April 19 encounter offers an excellent chance to study this asteroid, and scientists plan

########
Rank: 2
Score: 47.559578
Retrieved Text: All Charon in realspace are destroyed.
After the total destruction of Alsakan, Sivter offered the worlds of the galaxy a choice: Renounce and overthrow your governments, or be destroyed.
Few listened. A further threat was needed, and with a near infinite army of murderous Charon in reserve, Sivter gave the galaxy time to marshal all her resources, to put all the defenders on the line between him and Mon Calamari.
Mon Calamari, the homeworld of the Alliance, would find herself defended by the armies and navies of many worlds and regions, including the Jade and Xedadel Empires, The Systems Alliance, Black Star Confederacy, and the few flagships of the Jedi Order.
Absent was the fleet of the Galactic Empire. Thrawn knew what Sivter knew: That there more than enough Charon to crush the massed defenders. That holding out was a hopeless task. Only when the tide might turn would the Reagent bring in his fleets.
And so the ultimatum was offered on GNN for all the galaxy to see: “In one day’s time, twenty-four standard hours from now, the Charon will arrive at Mon Calamari"
Perhaps most impressive was the speed with which the galaxy responded to the cry for help. Within 24 hours of the warning, fleets from across space had arrived, and the crews were communicating with one another effortlessly, thanks to the hard work of the New Republic command center on Mon Calamari.
First on the scene (other than the hastily assembled NR defense force, led by Fleet Admiral Mollari) were the strange fleets of the Jade Empire, and their

########
Rank: 3
Score: 47.401905
Retrieved Text: A massive asteroid known as 2014 JO25 will streak past the planet Earth on April 19. However, there is no need to panic because the large asteroid will not collide with the planet Earth, according to scientists.
The asteroid was identified by astronomers from the Catalina Sky Survey in 2014. This is a project of NASA's Neo Observations Program in partnership with the University of Arizona. It is approximately 2,000 feet (650 meters) in size and with the surface that is about twice as that of the Moon.
So, how close the rock will approach the Earth? NASA said that this asteroid will streak past the planet Earth with a distance of about 1.1 million miles (1.8 million kilometers). This is approximately 4.6 times the distance from Earth to the Moon, according to Phys.org.
This is considered the closest approach to planet Earth by any known asteroid of this size since the asteroid Toutatis in 2004. The asteroid 2014 JO25 might be seen using a telescope or one can watch the asteroid online here.
NASA stated that the asteroid 2014 JO25 will approach the Earth from the direction of the Sun and will become noticeable in the night sky after April 19. It further stated that there will be radar observations that will be set at NASA's Goldstone Solar System Radar in California and the National Science Foundation's Arecibo Observatory in Puerto Rico. This could uncover the surface details of the asteroid as small as a few meters, according to CNN.
Likewise, the comet PanSTARRS (C/2015 ER61) will streak close to

########
Rank: 4
Score: 47.199787
Retrieved Text: What is the asteroid belt? The vast majority of asteroids in the solar system are found in a region of the solar system out beyond Mars. They form the Asteroid Belt. Others orbit in near-Earth space and a few migrate or are thrown out to the outer solar system by gravitational interactions. The four largest asteroids in the belt are Ceres, Vesta, Pallas, and Hygiea. They contain half the mass of the entire belt. The rest of the mass is contained in countless smaller bodies. There was a theory once that if you combined all the asteroids they would make up the missing “Fifth” rocky planet. Planetary scientists estimate that if you could put all that material together that exists there today, it would make a tiny world smaller than Earth’s moon.
Where is the asteroid belt located? The Asteroid Belt is located in an area of space between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter. That places it between 2.2 and 3.2 astronomical units (AU) from the Sun. The belt is about 1 AU thick. The average distance between objects in the Asteroid Belt is quite large. If you could stand on an asteroid and look around, the next one would be too far away to see very well.
Asteroid Mining. The solar system contains many different types of asteroids, grouped by the minerals they contain. The abundances of precious metals such as nickel, iron, and titanium (to name a few), and water make asteroids an attractive target for mining operations when humans decide to expand their presence

########
Rank: 5
Score: 47.18251
Retrieved Text: There’s so many cool things to see out in space — from gorgeous views of Jupiter to stunning glimpses of Saturn, and a star that might have aliens hanging out nearby — that it’s easy to forget that it’s actually a pretty hostile place. We’re reminded of that whenever NASA alerts the world that an asteroid is making a close appearance, and a scientists with the Jet Propulsion Laboratory just took some time to break down the next five asteroid flybys that we should all keep our eyes on, including one that might be too close for comfort.
The handful of asteroids, which are thought to be as small as 8 meters in diameter to as large as 90 meters, will all pass within five lunar distances. One lunar distance is the space between the Earth and our moon, or about 238,900 miles. That might seem like a pretty comfortable gap, but in terms of the vastness of space, a rock jetting past our planet at such a distance is a pretty close shave.
The largest of the rocks, called “2017 BS5” is also the first to make its trip past our planet. It is expected to fly by at a distance of 3.15 lunar distances on July 23rd, 2017.
The next asteroid encounter will be the closest pass of them all, with asteroid “2012 TC4” coming within 0.15 lunar distances of Earth on October 12th, 2017. That’s a distance of just over 35,000 miles, which is an extremely close pass, but the asteroid is only thought to be

########
Rank: 6
Score: 46.703968
Retrieved Text: A massive asteroid estimated to be so large that it could potentially dwarf the Great Pyramid of Giza has just made a close flyby of Earth. The formidable space rock, known as asteroid 2019 EN, swung past our planet on Tuesday evening – coming in within 2.3 million miles of Earth.
According to asteroid trackers at NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) in Pasadena, California, the space rock buzzed planet Earth in the early hours of Wednesday morning. As it hurtled through space in its orbit around the sun, the asteroid darted past Earth at 1:27 a.m. UTC (9:27 p.m. on Tuesday EST) – hitting break-neck speeds of a little over 34,000 mph during the moment of its close approach.
Today’s close encounter was not Earth’s first brush with asteroid 2019 EN – nor will it be the last. The space rock is a recurrent visitor to our part of the solar system and has performed a total of 10 flybys of our planet over the past century. However, today’s approach was the closest that asteroid 2019 EN has ever gotten to Earth – and the closest that it’s going to get for the foreseeable future.
In this particular case, asteroid 2019 EN managed to slip in within 0.0248 astronomical units (AU) of Earth. Given that one AU represents the average distance between our planet and the sun and it’s equivalent to roughly 93 million miles, this means that the space rock missed Earth by 2.3 million miles.
That’s 9.66 times the distance between Earth and the moon, also known as

########
Rank: 7
Score: 46.694008
Retrieved Text: An asteroid large enough to destroy a major U.S. city is expected to whiz past the Earth the day after Valentine's Day, coming closer to hitting the planet than any object of its size before, experts say. Of course, they're not counting those that have actually slammed into Earth.
Known as 2012 DA14, the asteroid has a 148-foot diameter and the mass equivalent of a cruise ship, the Christian Science Monitor reports.
Though it is not the largest asteroid that scientists have ever seen, the 2012 DA14's size is similar to another asteroid that exploded over Siberia in 1908 and flattened 80 million trees.
When it is closest to the Earth on Feb. 15, the asteroid will be about 17,000 miles from the Earth's surface, which is 5,000 miles below the altitude that most major weather and communications satellites operate.
While the asteroid will approach the Earth, astronomers have adamantly declared that there is no chance it will strike the planet.
"Its orbit is very well-known. We know exactly where it's going to go, and it cannot hit the Earth," Don Yeomans, a NASA specialist for near-Earth objects, told CNN.
Paul Chodas and Don Yeomans, astronomers at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, said that on average asteroids of this size come this close to Earth once every 40 or so years and collide with the planet once every 1,200 years.
A team of amateur astronomers in Spain discovered the 2012 DA14 last February.
"These small objects can appear at any moment," Jaime Nomen, a Barcelona dental surgeon who led the team, told CNN.
Nomen said his

########
Rank: 8
Score: 46.533432
Retrieved Text: What is the major axis.
The line that runs through both foci of an ellipse (cuts an ellipse in half).
The first person to observe the four moons around Jupiter.
The only dwarf planet located between Mars and Jupiter.
The belief that the Earth orbits the Sun.
What is Mercury, Venus, Earth, and Mars.
What is the semi-major axis.
Represents the average distance of a planet from the Sun. Half the major axis.
This dwarf planet is larger than Pluto and was discovered in 2003.
The belief that the Sun orbits the Earth.
What is Venus and Uranus.
Name the two planets which experience retrograde rotation.
What is Kepler's first law.
This law states that the orbit of each planet is on an ellipse.
What is the asteroid belt.
Ceres is located in this region of space, between Mars and Jupiter.
What is the Astronomical Unit.
A unit of measurement used to measure distances within the solar system. Also, the average distance between Earth and the Sun.
What is the orbital period of the planet.
what is the variable P?
What is Kepler's third law.
This law states that the orbital period squared equals the semi-major axis cubed.
Proposed that the planets orbited on perfect circles, which influenced centuries of astronomers to believe the same.
What is the Kuiper Belt.
Pluto is located in this region of space, past Neptune.
The apparent backward motion of a planet.
What is the semi major axis.
what is the variable A?
What is Kepler's second law.
This law states that an imaginary line sweeps out equal areas in equal time.
Created a system of circles on circles to explain the apparent backward motion of the planets.
What is "clearing the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 45.617435
Retrieved Text: In the Star Trek fictional universe, habitable Earth-like planets are designated as Class M planets, where M stands for the Vulcan word Minshara. In the real universe such planets would also be known as class M, but for different reasons.For exoplanets, we can currently only estimate their potential habitability by broad physical properties such as mass, size, and possible temperature. It’s difficult to determine the temperature of an exoplanet, since so many factors can come into play. If Mars were at the orbit of Earth, it would still be cold and hostile. If Venus were at Earth distance it would still be hot and inhospitable. But we can broadly categorize temperature by the amount of radiant energy it receives from its star. From this we can group planets by temperature into class-p psychroplanets (cold), class-t thermoplanets (hot) and class-m mesoplanets (medium). Earth is therefore a class m planet, since it is in the “goldilocks zone” for our Sun, but then so are Venus and Mars.
We can also categorize exoplanets by their size or mass by how they compare to known planets. Thus we can have mercurian, subterran (Venus and Mars), terran, superterran (super Earths), neptunian (small gas giants), and jovian (Jupiter-like). It’s generally thought that only the terran classes would be of sufficient mass to have an Earth-like atmosphere, but it’s also possible that larger planets might have a terran-massed moon.
The holy grail of exoplanet hunters is to find an Earth-massed planet in the goldilocks zone of a Sun-like star. We haven’t found one yet, but

########
Rank: 10
Score: 45.52099
Retrieved Text: It is a known fact that the Earth has one moon, but scientists have spotted a mini moon that is orbiting around the planet. The mini moon goes by the name 2016 HO3. Yet, the said mini moon is technically an asteroid.
The discovery was made by NASA scientists from the Planetary Defense Coordination Office (PDCO) located in Mount Haleakala in Hawaii. 2016 HO3 is an asteroid, or quasi-satellite, that has been "caught in a little dance with the earth." NASA estimates that the object is 120 feet and 300 feet in diameter.
"One other asteroid -- 2003 YN107 -- followed a similar orbital pattern for a while over 10 years ago, but it has since departed our vicinity. This new asteroid is much more locked onto us," stated Paul Chodas, the manager of NASA's Center for Near-Earth Object (NEO) Studies.
This mini moon is around 100 times the distance of the moon from planet earth. The space agency also adds that the mini moon joins a few other space rocks that have come into close contact with the earth.
"Since 2016 HO3 loops around our planet, but never ventures very far away as we both go around the sun, we refer to it as a quasi-satellite of Earth," explained Chodas, adding, "Our calculations indicate 2016 HO3 has been a stable quasi-satellite of Earth for almost a century, and it will continue to follow this pattern as Earth's companion for centuries to come."
2016 HO3 reportedly moves in sync with planet earth. Researchers add that it takes the asteroid 365.93 days

########
Rank: 11
Score: 45.33788
Retrieved Text: 1. Which of the following is NOT a member of the solar system?
2. Which of the following is NOT a planet of the sun?
(c) the shadow of the Earth covers only a part of the moon’s surface.
► (a) we can see only that part of the moon which reflects light towards us.
(a) The planet which is farthest from the sun is _________.
(b) The planet which appears reddish in colour is _________.
(c) A group of stars that appear to form a pattern in the sky is known as a __ _________.
(d) A celestial body that revolves around a planet is known as a_________.
(e) Shooting stars are actually not _________.
(f) Asteroids are found between the orbits of __________ and _________.
(a) The planet which is farthest from the sun is Neptune.
(b) The planet which appears reddish in colour is Mars.
(c) A group of stars that appear to form a pattern in the sky is known as a constellation.
(d) A celestial body that revolves around a planet is known as asatellite.
(f) Asteroids are found between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter.
5. Mark the following statement as true (T) or false (F).
6. Match items in column A with one or more items in column B.
7. In which part of the sky can you find Venus if it is visible as an evening star?
Venus appears in the western sky after sunset and is called the evening star.
8. Name the largest planet of the solar system.
9. What is a constellation? Name any two constellations.
A constellation is a group of stars that form a

########
Rank: 12
Score: 44.857403
Retrieved Text: A large near-Earth asteroid discovered nearly three years ago will fly safely past Earth on April 19th, US space agency NASA has said.
The space rock, known as 2014 JO25, is estimated to be 2,000 feet in size. It is expected to fly by Earth at a safe distance of about 1.1 million miles (1.8 million kilometres), or about 4.6 times the distance from Earth to the moon, Xinhua news agency reported on Friday.
“Although there is no possibility for the asteroid to collide with our planet, this will be a very close approach for an asteroid of this size,” NASA was quoted as saying.
Small asteroids pass within this distance of Earth several times each week, but this upcoming approach is “the closest by any known asteroid of this size, or larger, since asteroid Toutatis, a 3.1-mile (five-kilometre) asteroid, which approached within about four lunar distances in September 2004,” NASA said.
The next known encounter of an asteroid of comparable size will occur in 2027 when the half-mile-wide (800-meter-wide) asteroid 1999 AN10 will fly by at one lunar distance.
In addition, the encounter on April 19 is also “the closest this asteroid has come to Earth for at least the last 400 years and will be its closest approach for at least the next 500 years,” NASA added.
It is predicted to brighten to about magnitude 11, when it could be visible in small optical telescopes for one or two nights before it fades as the distance from Earth rapidly increases, NASA added.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 44.750183
Retrieved Text: Are there large planets beyond Neptune?
At the moment there are 8 known planets in the solar system (alas, poor Pluto) and (officially) 5 dwarf planets. With the exception of Ceres, the dwarf planets are all trans-Neptunian objects. We know of several other such objects of similar size, but these haven’t yet been designated as dwarf planets. But what about larger bodies on the edge of our solar system?
At the moment, we know of nothing larger than Eris beyond the orbit of Neptune, but a recent paper in MNRAS hints at the possibility of larger trans-Neptunian planets. The paper looks at the orbits of 13 trans-Neptunian objects and notices an interesting pattern. According to current models, these small distant bodies should fairly close to the invariable plane of the solar system (where most planetary orbits are) and they should have an average orbital distance (semi-major axis) of about 150 AU (astronomical units). What the team found was that the bodies have a semi-major axis of 150 – 520 AU, and their orbits can tilt 20 degrees or more from the invariable plane.
So the team looked at gravitational simulations of these orbits, to see how they might be affected by larger gravitational bodies. In particular, they looked at in interaction known as the Kozai mechanism, where the gravity of a larger body can pull the orbit of a smaller one toward the orbital plane of the larger one at the cost of making orbits less circular. They found that the orbits of these trans-Neptunian objects could be explained

########
Rank: 14
Score: 43.845207
Retrieved Text: Asteroid 2012 TC4, which is roughly the size of a house, passed very close to Earth on Friday. The asteroid, if it had hit Earth, could have caused significant issues, however, scientists said in advance of the close shave that there was no risk of it hitting our planet.
The asteroid passed by Earth about 59,000 miles (95,000 km) away, which is about 25 percent of the distance to the moon, according to NASA scientists monitoring the asteroid.
The asteroid was first spotted on Oct. 4 by astronomers, and was measured to be aout 17 meters (56 feet) in width.
"Small asteroid 2012 TC4 will safely pass Earth Oct 12 at just .25 the distance to our moon's orbit," scientists with NASA's Asteroid Watch program wrote in a Twitter update earlier in the week.
Excited astronomers across the globe rushed to their telescopes once they heard that the asteroid was large enough to be seen through small household telescopes.
Scientists across the world, including those at NASA, are constantly observing the skies for any potentially dangerous asteroids heading close to or directly at the Earth.
On Thursday it was also announced that by about 2017 scientists will hope to launch a private space telescope which will be dedicated to analyzing the skies and seeking out any potentially dangerous asteroids coming our way. The project to launch the Sentinel Space Telescope passed a major review milestone recently and it will be moving ahead full steam to have the project completed and ready by 2017.
The Sentinel Space Telescope will be sent out to search

########
Rank: 15
Score: 43.799694
Retrieved Text: Ceres, a giant asteroid floating through our solar system, also happens to be the only dwarf planet in our inner solar system. This month, NASA will watch anxiously as its Dawn spacecraft will get its closest look ever at Ceres. Dawn will enter an orbit just 22 miles above the surface of the dwarf planet.
The proximity of the Dawn craft to Ceres will allow researchers to get an up-close look at the dwarf planet like never before. High-resolution imaging will allow the scientists to test theories based on previous data gathered from other fly-bys in the past.
Researchers are especially excited to study one particular area of Ceres. Occator Crater is the location of several large salt deposits which are highly reflective when the sun shines on them. For years, researchers have been highly intrigued with these bright, white spots on the surface of Ceres. Now, they’ll get a closer look than ever before at the Occator Crater, giving them more insight to the dwarf planets geological makeup.
Not only does this month’s passing of Ceres mark the Dawn spacecraft’s lowest orbit to the dwarf planet, it’s actually the lowest orbit to any item in space since the craft launched from Earth over a decade ago.
After its launch in 2007, Dawn orbited the asteroid Vesta, the second largest asteroid behind Ceres. Since 2015, Dawn has been orbiting the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter. Dawn has been orbiting Ceres since 2016, but at a much greater distance than it will achieve this month. Up until now, the spacecraft

########
Rank: 16
Score: 43.78228
Retrieved Text: 20 major planets and moons to know about from our Solar System, in a small fun online game.
"Solar Puzzle" is a free online knowledge level game about the Solar System.
It is part of the Interactive Astronomy Observatory, to explore and study the 9 main planets of our solar system, plus latest discoveries about new planets, like Sedna and other coming soon from the Oort cloud(according to latest discoveries), and some notable satellites or moons. This fun educational application is a short flash game, which will run on medium class desktop computers, laptops and tablets, and reward the player with a new knowledge level, right in the web browser.
The Astronomy Knowledge Board include 20 pieces of movable planet pictures to play with.
Interactive Astronomy Observatory educational tools.
Which is the biggest planet in the Solar system?
What is the most exciting discovery about Europa?
Which planet does Europa moon orbits?
Where is Mercury planet situated?
Where is Jupiter planet situated?
How many moons are there it the Solar System?
Which is the smallest moon in the Solar system?
Is there an asteroid ring in the Solar System?
Which is the biggest object in the asteroid belt?
Why Venus have no atmosphere?
Which is the biggest gas giant in Sol?
How to play Solar Puzzle.
Drag and drop the planet pictures, located top of the screen, to the outlines of the planet, in the middle.
There were 5 Cosmic Supplies, that would be subtracted on wrong drop.
will return on place, until all placed correctly.
Know the planets in the Solar System, their positions, some of their satellites and interesting facts about them.
Io, Europa, Saturn,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 43.669773
Retrieved Text: The largest asteroid ever tracked by NASA will zoom nearby the planet Earth on Sept. 1, providing astronomy fans a rare treat shortly after the upcoming solar eclipse on Monday, Aug. 21.
NASA estimates asteroid Florence to measure about 2.7 miles wide. Although it will not be the closest asteroid to pass near Earth, it is by far the largest, scientists said.
“Florence is the largest asteroid to pass by our planet this close since the NASA program to detect and track near-Earth asteroids began,” said Paul Chodas, manager of NASA’s Center for Near-Earth Object Studies at the agency’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California.
Florence will pass safely 4.4 million miles from Earth, which is about 18 times the distance between the Earth and the moon.
To get a sense of how close asteroids have come, a rock by the name 2017 AG13 buzzed within half the distance between the Earth and the moon earlier this year, according to Science Alert.
AG13 was just 50 to 111 feet in size, making it a mere pebble in comparison to the enormous Florence.
In October this year, an even closer encounter is expected when asteroid 2012 TC4 will come within just 13 percent of the distance between the Earth and the moon—about 31,000 miles.
Scientist Schelte “Bobby” Bus first observed Florence in 1981 from the Siding Spring Observatory in Australia. Bus named the space boulder after Florence Nightingale, the founder of modern nursing and a prolific writer.
Florence has not come this close to the Earth since 1890 and will not pass so close again

########
Rank: 18
Score: 43.661823
Retrieved Text: Astronomers have detected a small asteroid that doesn’t seem to want to go away. Called a quasi-satellite, this new companion circles around the Earth as it orbits the sun — and it’s going to stay that way for the next few hundred years.
Technically speaking, this newly discovered asteroid, dubbed 2016 HO3, is in orbit around the sun. But as it makes this annual trek, it’s also circling around the Earth. It’s far too distant to be considered a true natural satellite of our planet, but it’s a good example of a quasi-satellite, or near-Earth companion.
This little guy, which measures somewhere between 40-100 metres across, never ventures too far from Earth. As it orbits the sun, asteroid 2016 HO3 spends about half of the time closer to the sun than Earth, and passes ahead of our planet; the other half of the time it falls behind.
Over the course of many years, the asteroid starts to drift inwards and outwards, but Earth’s gravity is strong enough to ensure that its new companion doesn’t venture too close or too far. It never gets further than about 100 times the distance of the Earth to the Moon, and never closer than about 38 times the distance of the moon, or about nine million miles (14 million km). So it’s not a threat to our planet.
Asteroid 2016 HO3 was detected in late April by the Pan-STARRS 1 asteroid survey telescope in Hawaii. Calculations suggest that the asteroid became a quasi-satellite about a hundred years ago, and that it’ll stick around for

########
Rank: 19
Score: 43.557755
Retrieved Text: I was surprised to see these animations of resonance; the way they look like little spirograph diagrams... But I'm a little bit confuddled.
It appears to do the three-lobe loop that shows up in your 3-2-3-s.gsim file that comes pre-loaded in the gravity simulator.
After slowing down this simulation and viewing it from a stationary (nonrotating) frame, I could see that the outer heavy object goes around twice in a circular orbit as the inner, lighter object goes around three times in an elliptical orbit.
Every third pass, the two objects are very near each other. Now what I'm wondering is what exactly happens here? I mean, yes, it's clear that this is where there is an interaction between the large planet and the asteroid, but is the large planet speeding the asteroid up, or slowing it down. In the 3-2-3-s.gsim file it looks like the large planet is behind the asteroid, so it must be slowing it down. But it comes in behind every time, so it seems like it should be slowing it down every time... Is there some other time that I'm missing, where the large planet is speeding the asteroid up?
I think Tony made this sims to show the geometry of resonances in the first place , not to show interactions .The sim doesn't include interactions between secondaries. Both the planet and the asteroid have zero mass in this sim . If you "edit" tou can see both masses are set to zero .
Welcome to have you on board !
Ah, I did not realize that

########
Rank: 20
Score: 43.19366
Retrieved Text: 4388 Jürgenstock, provisional designation 1964 VE, is a bright Phocaea asteroid from the inner regions of the asteroid belt, approximately 4.7 kilometers (2.9 miles) in diameter. It was discovered on 3 November 1964, by astronomers at Indiana University during the Indiana Asteroid Program at Goethe Link Observatory in Indiana, United States. The assumed S-type asteroid has a short rotation period of 2.8 hours and is rather spherical in shape. It was named for German-Venezuelan astronomer Jürgen Stock. In February 2019, the asteroid occulted the brightest star in the night sky, Sirius.
This asteroid orbits the Sun in the inner asteroid belt at a distance of 1.7–3.0 AU once every 3 years and 7 months (1,307 days; semi-major axis of 2.34 AU). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.28 and an inclination of 25° with respect to the ecliptic. The body's observation arc begins with its first observation at the Purple Mountain Observatory in Nanking, China, just four nights prior to its official discovery observation at Goethe Link.
Jürgenstock is a member of the Phocaea family (701), a large collisional family of nearly 2000 stony asteroids, which is named after 25 Phocaea.:23 As with the Hungarias, many Phocaeans are also Mars-crossers due to their eccentric orbits. However, Jürgenstock just stays shy of the orbit of the Red Planet (1.66 AU) with a relatively small Mars-MOID of 0.248 AU (37,100,000 km). Moreover, in an alternative HCM-analysis by Milani and Knežević, it has been considered a background asteroid rather than a member of the Phocaea family. On 3 July 2041, Jürgenstock

########
Rank: 21
Score: 43.01863
Retrieved Text: HOUSTON, Oct. 18 (UPI) -- Although there is only a remote chance an asteroid will strike Earth in the near future, the spectacular crash of the Shoemaker-Levy comet into the planet Jupiter in 1993 and a razor-thin miss between an asteroid and Earth only last year have sharpened attention on work NASA has been doing to prevent impacts and their devastating results.
Even a small asteroid or comet only about 100 meters across could cause tremendous damage. An asteroid of that size flattened 2,000 square miles of forest in Siberia in 1908. Though there is only a 1-in-250,000 chance of impact, an asteroid roughly 1.2 kilometer across -- big enough to destroy a continent on impact -- is expected to pass near Earth on Feb. 1, 2019.
It was a comet that did hit -- actually a string of comet fragments -- that really caught the world's attention. When comet Shoemaker-Levy struck about 10 years ago, scientists had a ring-side seat as it tore planet-size holes in the golden surface of Jupiter in a series of impacts -- impacts big enough to destroy Earth.
"I think it made an impression," Jonathan Campbell, a NASA researcher at Marshall Space Flight Center, told United Press International.
There are roughly 1,000 to 2,000 Earth-orbiting asteroids in the 1-to-10-kilometer class -- that is, if they were a smooth ball instead of large lumpy rocks they would be about 1 km across. There are far more smaller asteroids, about 200,000 in the 100-meter class.
Campbell, whose work at NASA is part of Marshall's new National Space

########
Rank: 22
Score: 43.001827
Retrieved Text: This map-projected view of the dwarf planet Ceres in the asteroid belt is based on images taken from NASA's Dawn spacecraft. Dawn entered orbit around Ceres in March 2015.
Strange bright spots on the surface of the Ceres continue to mystify scientists even as NASA's Dawn spacecraft is beaming the best maps yet of the dwarf planet in the asteroid belt.
The latest photos of Ceres from Dawn, which NASA released on Monday (April 13), were captured just before the spacecraft entered orbit around the dwarf planet in March. Dawn is now in the shadow of Ceres, forcing scientists to wait until later this month before catching their next day lit view of the surface.
While about 10 bright spots on Ceres have been detected in photos by the Hubble Space Telescope, the Dawn spacecraft has revealed that the two most prominent are in a crater about 57 miles wide (92 kilometers).
"The bright spots continue to fascinate the science team, but we will have to wait until we get closer and are able to resolve them before we can determine their source," Chris Russell, principal investigator for the Dawn mission at the University of California, Los Angeles, said in a statement.
The strange bright spots on Ceres are easily visible here in these images captured by the visible and infrared mapping spectrometer on NASA's Dawn spacecraft, which has been orbiting the dwarf planet in the asteroid belt since March.
NASA released new images from Dawn's visible and infrared mapping spectrometer examining the bright spots, as well as a new color map

########
Rank: 23
Score: 42.84458
Retrieved Text: A very gigantic asteroid which is almost larger than the world's tallest building, the Burj Khalifa, will hurtle past our planet in nearly about almost two weeks’ time. The 2002 AJ129 asteroid has been classed as a 'potentially hazardous' by NASA and will fly past at speeds of 67,000mph (107,826kmh).
This makes it nearly 15 times faster than the world's quickest manned aircraft - the hypersonic North American X-15, which travelled at 4,520mph (7,300kmh). The asteroid is around 0.7 miles (1.1km) wide - making it longer than the Burj Khalifa in Dubai, which stands at 0.5 miles high (0.8km).
It is set to pass by our planet on the 4th February at a distance of around 2,615,128 miles (4,208,641km) away - which is relatively close in space terms. For reference, the distance between the Earth and the moon is 238,855 miles (384,400 km).
NASA describes asteroids as 'hazardous' if they come within 4,600,000 miles (7,403,00km) of our planet. It is the largest space rock to brush past our planet this year and previous research has found a rock of this size could plunge Earth into a mini-ice age if it hit.
The impact would cause average temperatures around the world to fall by as much as 8°C, according to a 2016 study on the effects of a collision with a 0.6-mile-wide (1km) asteroid. Scientists warned the 'very severe global impact' would last several years, causing the world to become a much darker, colder and drier place.
'These would not be pleasant times,' Charles Bardeen, of the National Center for Atmospheric Research

########
Rank: 24
Score: 42.77011
Retrieved Text: On Oct. 12, 2017, the asteroid 2012 TC4 is slated to whizz by Earth dangerously close. The exact distance of its closest approach is uncertain, as well as its size. Based on observations in October 2012 when the space rock missed our planet, astronomers estimate that its size could vary from 12 to 40 meters.
The meteor that exploded over the Russian city of Chelyabinsk in February 2013, injuring 1,500 people and damaging over 7,000 buildings, was about 20 meters wide. Thus, the impact of 2012 TC4 could be even more devastating.
"It is something to keep an eye on, we could see an airburst maybe broken windows, depending on where it hits." Judit Györgyey-Ries, astronomer at the University of Texas' McDonald Observatory, told astrowatch.net.
"It has a 0.00055% cumulative chance that it will hit, the fact that the MOID [minimum orbit intersection distance] is only 0.079 LD flags it as a possible impactor. However it is just the smallest possible distance between the orbits." Györgyey-Ries said.
"There is one in a million chance that it could hit us, the size was estimated from the brightness, but we don't know the reflectivity. So it could be smaller or larger, assume from 10 m to 40 m. A 40 m iron object would go through the atmosphere and make a crater; a 10 m rocky object would be hardly noticed." Detlef Koschny, head of the Near-Earth Object (NEO) Segment in the Space Situational Awareness (SSA) programme office at ESA, told astrowatch.net. He also tried to estimate the exact size of the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 42.76647
Retrieved Text: Home News trending News trending! Technology A NEW PLANET DISCOVERED BY HUBBLE TELESCOPE!!!!
A NEW PLANET DISCOVERED BY HUBBLE TELESCOPE!!!!
NASA scientists have discovered a gas giant as massive as Saturn in an orbit around two red dwarfs. The distance between the two stars is 110 lakh kilometers, or thirty times the distance between the Earth and the Moon. The planet orbits at a distance of 482 crore kilometers from the two stars, which is roughly the distance between our Sun and the Asteroid Belt. The planet takes seven Earth years to orbit around the stars. This is the first time that a three body system was discovered using the gravitational microlensing technique. When viewing two aligned stars from the Earth, the foreground star bends and amplifies the light of the background star, a phenomenon known as gravitational microlensing. The specific properties of the light can be used to identify characteristics of the foreground star and associated planets. The starfield was crowded because the system is 8000 light years towards the center of the Milky Way Galaxy, which is dense in stars. The sharp Hubble images allowed scientists to isolate the background source star and the lensing star in the foreground. There were two possible scenarios to explain the observations. One was a Saturn mass planet, and a Earth Mass planet orbiting a single star, or a Saturn mass planet orbiting a pair of red dwarfs. Further analysis revealed that the single gas giant orbiting a pair of red dwarfs was the only theory consistent with the observed

########
Rank: 26
Score: 42.750854
Retrieved Text: Last Sunday, the so-called “Super Bowl asteroid” safely flew by Earth, following weeks of reports that focused on how closely it would skim Earth, and what would have happened had it smashed into our planet. While Asteroid 2018 CB wasn’t as large as the previous week’s Asteroid 2002 AJ129, it stood out for the fact that it flew by much closer on Friday, and how it was only discovered five days prior, unlike other near-Earth asteroids that had been discovered well before their close encounters.
According to CNET, Asteroid 2018 CB made its flyby at around 10:30 a.m. Pacific time on Friday, safely skimming our planet but doing so at a distance of only 39,000 miles (64,000 kilometers) from Earth. As noted by NASA Center for Near-Earth Object Studies manager Paul Chodas, the asteroid was relatively small in size, but was possibly larger than the meteor that crashed into the atmosphere over Chelyabinsk, Russia, in 2013, and also one of the few objects that are generally expected to make such a close approach to Earth.
“Asteroids of this size do not often approach this close to our planet – maybe only once or twice a year,” said Chodas.
The aforementioned Chelyabinsk meteor was only about 50 to 60 feet (17 to 20 meters) wide, but when it exploded over the Russian city in February 2013, it created shockwaves strong enough to shatter windows in over 3,600 apartment blocks, and even knock people off their feet, The Guardian wrote. Thousands were hospitalized for injuries related to the asteroid impact, mostly

########
Rank: 27
Score: 42.303867
Retrieved Text: A relatively large near-Earth asteroid will fly safely past our planet on April 19 at a distance of about 1.8 million kilometres - over four times the distance from Earth to the Moon, NASA said today. Although there is no possibility for the asteroid to collide with Earth, this will be a very close approach for an asteroid of this size.
The asteroid, known as 2014 JO25, was discovered in May 2014 by astronomers at the Catalina Sky Survey in Arizona, US. Contemporary measurements by NASA's NEOWISE mission indicate that the asteroid is roughly 650 meters in size, and that its surface is about twice as reflective as that of the Moon.
At this time very little else is known about the object's physical properties, even though its trajectory is well known. The asteroid will approach Earth from the direction of the Sun and will become visible in the night sky after April 19.
It is predicted to brighten to about magnitude 11, when it could be visible in small optical telescopes for one or two nights before it fades as the distance from Earth rapidly increases, NASA said.
Small asteroids pass within this distance of Earth several times each week, but the upcoming close approach is the closest by any known asteroid of this size, or larger, since asteroid Toutatis, a five-kilometre asteroid, which approached within about four lunar distances in 2004.
The next known encounter of an asteroid of comparable size will occur in 2027 when the 800-metre-wide asteroid 1999 AN10 will fly by at one lunar distance, about

########
Rank: 28
Score: 42.09305
Retrieved Text: Since its installation at the Palomar Observatory in March, Caltech’s advanced sky-surveying camera has discovered 50 small near-Earth asteroids and more than 1,100 supernovae.
Known as the Zwicky Transient Facility (ZTF), the new instrument also observed more than 1 billion stars in the Milky Way.
“It’s a cornucopia of results,” ZTF principal investigator and Caltech professor Shri Kulkarni said in a statement.
One of the observed near-Earth asteroids, called 2019 AQ3, has an orbital period of just 165 days, the shortest known “year” for any minor planet.
“This is one of the largest asteroids with an orbit entirely within the orbit of Earth—a very rare species,” according to Quanzhi Ye, a postdoctoral scholar at Caltech’s IPAC astronomy center, who first spotted the asteroid in the ZTF data.
Another two satellites—2018 NX and 2018 NW—were caught zipping past Earth a mere 72,000 miles and 76,000 miles away, respectively. That’s about a third of the distance between our planet and the Moon.
Using the 48-inch Samuel Oschin Telescope at Palomar, Caltech’s state-of-the-art camera covers 240 times the size of the full Moon in a single night-sky image.
Speaking of destructive situations, ZTF also captured a tidal disruption event, which occurs when the gravity of a supermassive black hole rips apart an unsuspecting star that drifted too close.
And it seems the scientists studying this tidal disruption data have a sense of humor: Admittedly fed up with referring to the technical names for objects (long strings of numbers), the team dubbed the black holes Ned Stark and Jon Snow—popular Game of Thrones characters.
The instrument, ZTE’s Tom Prince

########
Rank: 29
Score: 42.073486
Retrieved Text: Antimatter: the opposite of normal matter. Not usually found outside of a laboratory. When mixed with matter they cancel each other out and release lots of energy.
Arachnoid: a scientific term for something shaped like a spider, like the legend of the weaving contest.
Asteroid: a large rocky object that orbits a star, but is too small to be a planet. It is found in space.
Astronomer: a person who studies stars and planets. Also a person who explores new planets and solar systems.
Astronaut: a person who travels beyond the atmosphere of the Earth.
Atmosphere: a layer of gases around a planet.
Atom: a very tiny particle that is the basic building block of matter. It is the tiniest thing on Earth.
Basalt lava: molten basalt, a kind of rock from a volcano.
Belt: A name used for bands of dark-colored cloud layers on Jupiter.
Binoculars: a folding pair of small telescopes with an eyepiece for each eye.
Carbon dioxide: a gas that animals breathe out and plants take in.
Carbonaceous chondrite: A type of meteorite that contains a lot of water and organic compounds.
Centaur: an icy planetoid that orbits the Sun between Jupiter and Neptune.
Channel: a groove in the surface of something.
Comet: a small icy object orbiting a star.
Conjunction: when two objects orbiting the same body come closest together.
Continent: a huge landmass on a planet, usually made of tectonic plates that have locked together.
Convection: a type of movement in a gas or liquid that carries heat toward a cooler location. When the gas or liquid cools, it sinks back down again.
Core: the center of a

================



======= Instance Index 23 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are older or younger ):

Older rocks are at the bottom and younger rocks are at the top.


When we dig up rocks the deeper we get the rocks get older or younger?

Target Text: older

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 35.920334
Retrieved Text: We've got three Barred Rocks which are easily our favorite chickens. And, that's hard to say since we really like everyone in the flock! They are the friendliest, most curious and easily handled birds. There are subtle differences between our three, but for our ease, we named them all "Bartie." Our Barred Rocks are always jumping up to see what may or may not be in our hands. Over the winter, they love to peck the snow off our boots when we visit the coop. They are always on hand to eat the bugs that appear when we turn over rocks or dig in the garden. If I'm in the yard and find a spider, I can always count on a "Bartie" to be carried over and eliminate the pest. And, they love to be tucked under our arms and happily be carried around the yard.
Always curious, our Barred Rocks are checking out the camera.
A "Bartie" posing for her picture.
Barred Rocks were developed in New England in the early 1800s. And, I can't say enough about this breed. They are cold hardy and aren't bothered by the heat either. They are the quiet workhorse of a flock, laying brown eggs through most of the week. These are dual purpose birds so they can be used for eggs or meat. But ours are so dear, we could never eat them.
This is a breed I wouldn't hesitate to have in my flock and will get more of in years to come.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 35.345043
Retrieved Text: I had to go back to my day job last Thursday, and the Urban Escapes crew started placing rocks around the rim of the pond. When I got home that evening, there some issues with the how the liner was laying in the pond. I stayed home on Friday and we pulled up the rocks and re-adjusted the liner. In a pond of this size you can’t get it perfect but I was satisfied with the results. We got pretty good at patching holes as well; moving big rocks around can be hard on these liners. By the end of the day we were running out of big rocks we could easily manhandle and the crew wrapped up.
While some folks went on vacation over the Memorial day weekend, my dad and I put on our plumbers’ cracks and started plumbing the vault. This type of plumbing is a lot like figuring out a puzzle. We only have so much space and we have to be efficient about how we use it. By the end of Saturday, we had plumbed in the bottom drains. On Sunday, we began planning how to route the water from the skimmer and completed about 50% of that run. On Monday, my wife and I plumbed the spillways and glued up the first two air lines.
Today (Monday), Lino from Urban Escapes came over in the morning and asked me to take a look at some rocks they have in their yard. We ran out of easily placed boulders on Friday and they

########
Rank: 2
Score: 35.209515
Retrieved Text: ­We depend on our cars to take us to work and get our children to school. We rely on our home heating systems to keep us warm in the winter. We take it for granted that we can easily switch on our computer, vacuum cleaner or oven.
Yet scientists say the sources of energy we need to power all these modern conveniences are running dangerously low. We could run out of oil in as little as 40 years, and out of natural gas soon after that [source: The Independent]. These fossil fuels have been percolating beneath the Earth for hundreds of millions of years, and once they're gone, they're going to take millions more years to replenish. Not only are we running out of fossil fuels, but they're adding to our environmental woes by releasing nasty byproducts that increase pollution and contribute to global warming.
­Scientists are running a race against time to find cleaner, more efficient, renewable sources of energy. One potential source that we've barely tapped is right underneath our feet. Deep inside the Earth lies hot water and steam that can be used to heat our homes and businesses and generate electricity cleanly and efficiently. It's called geothermal energy -- from the Greek words geo, or "earth," and therme, meaning "heat."
There is plenty of heat in the center of the Earth. The deeper you dig, the hotter it gets. The core, about 4,000 miles (6,437 kilometers) beneath the surface, can reach temperatures of 7,600 degrees Fahrenheit (4,204 degrees Celsius). Part of that heat is left

########
Rank: 3
Score: 35.19873
Retrieved Text: This easy to use and stable track-driven rental trencher cuts up to 24 inches deep and four inches wide.
The TRX trenchers are powerful, simple to use, highly maneuverable and narrow enough to fit inside a standard gate. .. a hi-track system gives you better traction in wet environments, where a wheel unit would leave you slipping... combined with Toro's exclusive intuitive control system - provide the ultimate in performance and reliability.
Can a trencher cut through gravel?
The trental rencher is designed to go through hardpan and rocky soil -- and it is a very powerful machine, so you you can expect it to handle tough conditions, including gravel However, you may encounter some areas that you may need to loosen with a rental breaker or jackhammer.
Will it trench out rocks?
Yes, smaller rocks will come out along with the dirt as you work. As you work you'll get a sense of which rocks will trench out, and which rocks aren't going anywhere without a little bit of muscle, a pick and shovel -- or a rental breaker.
How deep can I dig?
This model of rental trencher digs anywhere up to 24 inches deep and makes about a 4-inch wide trench.
how fast will it trench?
Trenching speed depends on variables of soil and the depth you're digging. But generally, if you are trenching at full depth, you can figure that you can trench a minimum of 100 linear feet per hour.
Clear area of debris -- it's easy enough when walking your trenchline before you start to clear it of anything that

########
Rank: 4
Score: 34.410763
Retrieved Text: Hei alle sammen, Justin again. Day 4 in Greenland started with us perfecting our process of cleaning out the sniffers before deployment. They need to be a clean as possible on the inside in order to not get any false readings from extracted gas, so we degreased and rinsed with boiling water.
With equipment in hand it was time to hike up the Teardrop lake. This lake was named for its shape on a satellite map, not for the tears we shed on the long hike up to it.
Once we got to the lake, Lisa began to look for a suitable site for drilling.
Lisa is always on the hunt for a good spot to plant a sniffer, and she leaves no stone unturned.
One advantage of our new sniffer design this year is the ability to go through a layer of soil over bedrock. Once we found a spot as such, the drilling began.
The foil on the ground was to try to collect cuttings, didn’t work very well though.
Because we kept losing rock cuttings in the soil, we decided that we had best just dig a pit down the the bedrock so we could see what we were dealing with and get some good samples. The pit was almost 2 feet deep!
See the difference in the rocks we were drilling? And even in the right sample you can see it change as you drill deeper.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 34.269405
Retrieved Text: It’s summer and that means trips to the beach! Here are a list of ideas to keep kids entertained while spending the day at the beach.
Beach Relay- This is a fun activity to do with 2 or more children. Materials: 2 large beach buckets and 2 cups.
Place the beach buckets a distance away from the water. Split children up into even teams and have them stand a couple feet away from the beach buckets. Give the first two children on line a cup. The children run to the water and fill up their cup then run back to the bucket and pour the water in. Have them give the next child on line the cup and repeat. The first team with their bucket filled is the winner.
2. Plaster of Paris Beach Casting Project. This is a fun activity to do with children of all ages.
5. Search for shells and rocks. Take your shells and rocks home to paint. They make great outdoor decorations. You can also add a magnet to small shells and rocks and put them on your refrigerator. You can also glue shells together to make sculptures.
6. Take a walk and explore the beach.
7. Take turns burying each other. This is a fun activity if you don’t mind getting a little sandy. Just make sure you keep sand away from the face.
8. Make sand angels. Everyone’s heard of snow angels but what about sand angels. Just lay in the sand and move your arms and legs back and forth. Sand up and you will

########
Rank: 6
Score: 34.127666
Retrieved Text: There are several reasons why you ought to incorporate landscape design rocks into your landscaping layout. The major one nevertheless is for beauty, pure esthetic appeal. For a landscaping style to look perfect it has to have layer and this can be a hard point to accomplish without the use of landscaping rocks.
landscaping stones are not the only way to provide your backyard depth however they are the easiest method. In the event people require to dig up more on Frux Home and Yard Welcomes New User Guides to Help Customers Shop Efficiently, we know about tons of online libraries you might think about investigating. You might try to change the slop of your lawn. You could dig lower sporting activities and accumulate greater ones yet this can take forever and you would need to know a great deal concerning landscaping to attempt to deal with a task like that. Simply think of the difficulty you can get into with the drain concerns if you were to make a mistake! No, it is much less complicated to merely make use of landscaping rocks to bring some depth to your lawn.
You can use landscape design stones to accent specific parts of your backyard, you could also grow some plants in these landscape design stones. They look fantastic round the outdoor patio and the fencing and you can even get colored landscaping stones to deliver additional shade into your backyard. This kind of shade is especially wonderful to have in wintertime when every little thing is so basic

########
Rank: 7
Score: 33.7946
Retrieved Text: Beth & Cory's Mom: Fake Rocks?
Landscaping around here seems to consist of a lot of rocks, because there are a lot of rocks in the soil. I'm sure it has something to do with the glacier going through way back when, but when they dig the foundations for new houses or anything, a lot of rocks get dug up. Of course, they're not really that big, but they look nice around trees or along the edges of driveways. If I wanted my landscaping to be totally different from everyone else's, I'd need a really huge boulder, like my friends had when they lived in Washington state. It really did look nice, but I'm sure it was a pain to put in place, and then, once it was in place, there was certainly no moving it! I think that some fake rocks might be cool, but I wouldn't want a fake boulder that actually looked fake. That's where the Artificial Rocks Factory comes in. They make fake boulders that actually look real, because they're made from detailed molds of real rocks found in nature. And they're hollow, so they can be used to cover things in your yard that you don't want to look at - like cable boxes. I can't think of anything I'd personally like to cover, but I like knowing that's a possibility. Maybe I could just hide things in there? Don't laugh. I could probably move a 50-60 pound fake rock.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 33.775726
Retrieved Text: Almost exactly a year ago, local production company and activist organization ROCKAS MVMT summoned the righteousness of reggae and Jah's blessedness for the inaugural Bayside Rocks music festival, "a full day celebration of cultural awareness and consciousness."
From noon till midnight, soldiers of peace, love, and ganja like Toots and the Maytals, Bunny Wailer, and Steel Pulse sang for freedom, justice, and happiness. The people chanted in unison. The smoke drifted up toward the clouds. The sun shone and then it set. And those mellow reggae riddims rang out right past curfew.
Another revolution had begun. But now as the MVMT prepares to present the second annual edition of Bayside Rocks, the festival's president Alfonso DeNiscio Brooks says the time has come to get really serious about rocking out at Bayfront Park.
"Just watching the worldwide paradigm shift that's happening right now because of the economy and social injustices, we knew it was necessary to produce the event with a bigger purpose," Brooks says. "Last year, we benefited [Miami-based music education initiative] Voices United and [humanitarian nonprofit] Engineers Without Borders.
"But if you're having a concert to benefit arts organizations, you're only reaching a certain group of people," he explains. "So we decided to broaden our horizons and dig deeper into the communal aspect of the festival."
The solution: A partnership with Curley's House, a grassroots project serving the elderly, abused, hungry, homeless, and HIV/AIDS-infected throughout Dade County. And just as they did earlier this year with the MVMT's other marquee music event, the Miami Reggae Festival, Brooks and his ROCKAZ

########
Rank: 9
Score: 33.71886
Retrieved Text: GalaxyQuest is a simple dodge-rocks and get-jewels sort of game. Use the arrow keys to move your spaceship up and down, left and right. Try to collect the jewels, and dodge the rocks. In addition, you must also collect fuel cans to increase ship fuel, and collect hammers to reduce ship damage. Each jewel you collect will increase your score by 1 point, but coliding with the large rocks will damage your ship by 1.5 points, medium sized rocks will damage your ship by 1 point, and small rocks by 0.5 points. The speed of the game will increase every 25 points. The game will end either when you have no fuel, or your ship damage reaches 10.
Be the first to place 5 jewels in a row horizontally, vertically, or diagonally.
There has been an outbreak of jewel heists in the area. The thieves decided to be cautious and hid the jewels in an empty house on the mountain. It is up to you to get to the house and find the jewels so that they can be returned to their owners..
Super Sneaky Spy Guy is on the trail of a suspect wanted for a recent jewel heist. Find a way in the hideout and search for the stolen jewels.Collect items, solve puzzles to retrieve the stolen jewels!
Dig out the best jewels and beware the roots and stones.
Collect coins and match sea items in this extremely addicting and fun match three game! Match three objects to remove them. Match four to get a silver coin. Match five

########
Rank: 10
Score: 33.483505
Retrieved Text: You have two options for building an artificial rock pond: above ground or below ground. Above ground is a bit more costly. However, you don’t have to dig holes unlike the below ground method.
Spray paint the outline of your pond. Take the cinder blocks. Place them around the outline you drew up. Stack the cinder blocks, making it two levels high. You should stack the cinder blocks in an overlapping fashion. This will fortify the blocks.
Use the roofing felt to line the pond’s insides. Let the pond liner hang over the blocks you used to start building an artificial rock pond.
Fill the pond with water. Flatten any wrinkles that appear. If the pond is filled, you can start adding in the veneer rocks. Put the rocks around the sides. When stacking the rocks, begin by putting the big rocks at the bottom. You should also overlap the rocks when stacking. Arrange the rocks so the liner is hidden from view.
Add more water if you want. Put in the fish and / or water lilies.
If there are spaces between the rocks, put some soil there. You can also put plants in the area.
After building an artificial rock pond, you should put a pond pump and filter in place. This will circulate the water and maintain its fresh look.
Mark the area where you want to make the pond. Get the shovel and start digging the hole. Make it at least a foot deep if you’re going to put in fish. Set aside the dirt; you’ll be needing it

########
Rank: 11
Score: 33.340332
Retrieved Text: The firm was founded in January after parent company ICF combined several agencies.
CHICAGO: ICF Next has hired Patti Temple Rocks for the newly created role of head of client impact and senior partner.
Temple Rocks is set to start on Tuesday, reporting to Tricia Ewald, managing partner of ICF Next’s brand engagement group. Temple Rocks said the firm has not determined how many direct reports she will have, however, the client accounts group will report to her, said an agency spokesperson.
"ICF Next is still a fairly young organization," said partner Jeremy Mullman, about why the firm created the role. "As we were looking at working ever closer with the other divisions of the company and bringing them closer together, certain needs become apparent, and having someone who sees the total client view is very valuable."
Mullman said Temple Rocks’ role will cover some of Ewald’s responsibilities from when she was head of account management at ICF Next predecessors Olson and Olson Engage.
ICF Next was created in January after parent company ICF combined Olson, Olson Engage, and other ICF marketing and communications agencies.
Temple Rocks said she left the agency world last year and wrote a blog and follow-up book called "I’m Not Done" about ageism in the workplace. She added that she was attracted to ICF Next’s attitude when she decided to re-enter the agency world.
"I really wanted to work with a hungry and growing organization that was not afraid to take risks," Temple Rocks said. "I knew this company when it was Dig. It was all about taking

########
Rank: 12
Score: 33.318764
Retrieved Text: I’m fighting to get out of bed this morning. Today, today my head is fitted for a mask to battle my brain cancer. We have to re-look under my skull to see if my cancer has grown in the 2 weeks I opted for chemo first. Every pain, every headache, the fear of larger brain tumors fills me with dread. But, the grace, the big and little grace in each moment keeps me looking for hope. A daughter of a dear friend wrote a paper for school about me. My friend shot a picture of it and sent it to me last night. That a young woman would see my story and see my fight for hope—well, that’s just goodness prompting me to get my behind out of bed this morning.
Hope is always there, but sometimes I have to dig deeper to find it. Sometimes I need your help to point me the right direction. Cancer in your brain, well, that can deflate the most light of spirits. Each morning I’m waking to an inbox full of love, reviews of The Hardest Peace that take my breath away, and countless prayers for my heart. I’m blessed, but this journey is hard. So hard.
Today, I see about my brain. Today, I meet with a doc interested in helping me manage my pain. Then tonight, tonight, tonight!!!!! I get to go to one of the last Red Rocks shows of the year. A dear friend and reader bought me tickets to take my people to a concert. I

########
Rank: 13
Score: 33.176304
Retrieved Text: I have a good friend named Aaron that took me on a camping trip early one summer. We were camping on the edge of a small, shallow river. Along the way our canoe would sometimes bottom out and we’d need to get out and walk along the rocks to guide it back toward deeper water. Aaron seemed as comfortable walking or running barefoot along the slippery rocks as he did on dry land but I was unsteady and terrified of falling. I watched Aaron bounce across the river, surefooted, almost cocky, while I teetered standing in one place. I think about Aaron gracefully skipping across those rocks with a can of beer in his hand and the practice and poise of some kind of magical hillbilly ballerina a lot. What really sticks out for me is that I don’t remember him looking down and I don’t remember him hesitating.
When you stop and really think about it, the mechanics of walking are mind-boggling. Your senses and your muscles team-up, tense and flex in just the perfect way, from your toes to your inner ear and if you had to describe exactly you were doing, you’d never be able to do it. This simple verb that most of us take very much for granted is one of the most elegant and sophisticated things we do in any given day. We learn to walk when we’re very young, before the mind becomes fixated on explaining things. We learn it by watching others walk, by trying and falling and ultimately

########
Rank: 14
Score: 32.969784
Retrieved Text: Raking rocks out of your soil keeps them out of the way of plants' roots.
Rocks in your soil can prevent roots from growing properly and make tilling the soil difficult. Raking rocks out also helps you to break up large clumps of dirt or get plant matter out of the soil. Rakes can be effective tools for removing rocks because their tines act like a sieve. The tines pass through the smooth soil with small particles, but they trap large rocks that should be removed.
Till the soil with rotary tiller down to the desired depth.
Spread out the tilled soil to an even layer no deeper than the height of the bent portion of the rake's tines, allowing the tool to rake through to the bottom of the layer of soil in a single pass and speeding the work.
Draw a heavy iron rake through the soil; the tines will sift through the soil, trapping large rocks.
Set the rocks aside and repeat drawing the rake in parallel lines over the soil until you no longer pull any rocks out.
Use a heavy, iron rake with widely spaced tines for the best results when removing rocks, especially if you are working with heavy, clay-based soils. The tines should be spaced slightly smaller than the width of a plum so you can remove plum-sized rocks or larger.
Substitute a garden fork for a rake for removing rocks in small garden patches.
Hessong, Athena. "How to Rake Out Rocks." Home Guides | SF Gate, http://homeguides.sfgate.com/rake-out-rocks-44626.html. Accessed 25 April 2019.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 32.84714
Retrieved Text: Eric is in the process of getting a new shop built. I should reap some benefits, starting with 2 new beehives! I asked the concrete guys to please leave me the rocks that they were digging up.
It’s hard to see the scale, but maybe these next pics will help. The two of us, with the help of a dolly, moved several rocks to my front bed. We didn’t even put a dent in the pile.
Love having big rocks scattered around the landscape – though it’s not so fun scattering them, is it?!
We live east of you and love the ability to dig as deep as we want, by hand, and not hit a single rock. On the other hand, there have already been times in which I had wanted a large rock for this or that. A person could search for hours, days even, and not find a rock on our property bigger than one’s fist.
Yep, guess it’s all about appreciating where you’re at!
Richard would be so jealous about Eric’s workshop. He’s been wanting one for a while. When we finally break ground on his workshop, I’m sure we won’t find any rocks as beautiful as those. East of Austin all we have is annoying gravel.
When do you think Richard is getting his shop?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 32.697582
Retrieved Text: Museum Victoria and Monash University have conducted “Dinosaur Dreaming” digs since 1995. Originally at the Flat Rocks site outside Inverloch, Victoria, it has evolved to include localities along the Bass and Otway Coasts. Since 2008 this blog has shared images and stories of crew taking part in excavations, fossil bones recovered, and fossilly things we get up to between digs. The most recent dig took place at Flat Rocks for 3 weeks in February.
We've landed at Cape Otway and are happily extracting lots of bones.
So far we have a least one ornithopod jaw (found by Mary Walters and quite beautiful), and a possible second (we suspect it's a jaw but it has no visible teeth).
John Swinkels found an interesting curly skully thing with frills and holes that I can't wait to see prepped at the Museum, and most of our new volunteers have found their first scrap of bone.
More later, with some photos!
Will follow the blog with interest. Good on you Mary (and others).
Thanks to my beautiful wrapping assistants!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 32.631756
Retrieved Text: We are almost done with our terrarium now. The waterfall is built and in place and all we have to do is put the plants in. To do this you follow the same process for planting in a garden. Dig a hole and remove the plant from its pot with all the roots and dirt in a big ball then place the ball into the hole you dug. Press the soil firmly around the plant and you are done. Arrange the plants in a way that is pleasing to your eye You may want to just place the potted plants right on top of the soil first and move them around to get a look at different arrangements. When you find an arrangement you like then plant them! I recommend you also plant or sprinkle some flower seeds in the terrarium. This way you get some nice growth and some nice color changes over time.
Perfect kit for a first time terrarium gardener or to give as a gift. Provides the exact amount of the specific "ingredients" necessary to build a thriving small terrarium. Will work for closed terrariums, open terrariums, fairy gardens, as well as with succulents and cactii. Kit includes terrarium potting soil, activated charcoal, two different sizes of semi-polished river rocks, shag moss, and complete but easy to follow step-by-step instructions. The ingredients supplied are in the following approximate amounts: 9 oz. soil; 8 oz. small river rocks; 8 oz. larger river rocks; 1 oz. activated charcoal; 1 oz. sheet moss. Great for anyone

########
Rank: 18
Score: 32.55361
Retrieved Text: Before entering a mud hole, analyze the situation. How deep is it? How long is it? Are there any hidden obstacles? Always keep forward momentum even if you are only crawling. Turning the wheels back and forth often gives the tires a new grip. If you do get stuck, try backing up and then going forward again. If you can’t go forward, back up and find another way around.
Use a stick to check the depth of a mud hole. If there aren’t any tire tracks going out the other side, think again before going into it.
Unless you are moving forward, don’t spin your tires. They will just dig deeper. If you get stuck, dig out around your tires then place rocks, logs or other firm material underneath for traction.
Important: Check differentials, transmission, transfer case and brakes after crossing deep mud or water. Mud may also pack in the wheel after driving in deep sticky mud. This may cause vibrations on the highway. Use a pressure hose to wash the mud out of the wheels.
Use the IPDE strategy—Identify, Predict, Decide, and Execute.
Drive through at a steady pace. If you drive too quickly, you may get stuck.
Start in the highest gear possible, and do not change gears. Shifting up or down may cause you to lose momentum.
After leaving mud or a water crossing, drive slowly and apply the brakes lightly for a few car lengths. This will help clear mud or water from the brakes.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 32.447308
Retrieved Text: creative savv: Found any rocks lately?
I have this funny picture in my mind of a geologist, somewhere, googling rocks, seeing the title to my post, coming to my blog, and scratching his head over why a geology site would have scores of posts on cooking, sewing and crafts.
Anyway, I guess I should have given this post a nicer title, like "How we use found rocks decoratively and functionally in our landscape".
A neighbor of ours did a bit of research on the geology of our area. What he discovered was the soil here is littered with rocks due to a massive glacier cascade, a very long time ago.
This is very good news for the stability of our home's foundation. But when it comes to planting, the rocks present a few problems.
Every time I dig even a 1-foot deep hole, I am faced with extracting a bunch of rocks. They can be as small as a pebble, or as large as 2 feet in diameter. Over the years, we have set aside these rocks, in a designated spot in the yard, to use later in the landscape.
The very large rocks we use for their sculptural value, placing here and there, but sometimes just getting them out of the soil and leaving them right in that spot.
Here's one that must weigh 100 lbs at least. I can't get it to budge. So it's been left right here, at the edge of a walking path.
The large rocks (less than a foot in diameter, but larger than 6 inches in diameter),

########
Rank: 20
Score: 32.43415
Retrieved Text: Why it rocks: Although not the father of electric blues guitar (that accolade must go to the great T-Bone Walker) BB King refined it into the art form we know today. On Sweet Little Angel, BB pulls out all the stops to create a glorious backdrop to his heartfelt vocal performance.
Did you know? BB King almost never plays and sings at the same time. When he´s singing his arm hangs loosely by his side until it´s time to play a fill or solo.
Why it rocks: This album defined a tone and a style that would be the inspiration for both Eddie Van Halen, Gary Moore and a million others. Double Crossing Time brims with dark, menacing blues licks taken from Freddie King´s repertoire and cranked up to new levels. It´s classic Clapton with major 3rds, 6ths and b7th outlining the song´s strong dominant feel.
Did you know? Clapton refused to turn his Marshall combo down in the studio: to get his sound it needed to be flat out and producer Gus Dudgeon´s task was to get this previously unheard-of volume onto tape - which he did with historic success.
Why it rocks: Whether or not this was the first dual lead guitar solo or not, the fact that it was played using naturally overdriven guitars (possibly Paul and George´s matching Epiphone Casinos) gave it a genuinely groundbreaking ‘modern´ sound. Harmonised in 3rds around the open E position, it was a complex piece of work for its day.
Did you know? John Lennon claimed that, apart from Dig A Pony

########
Rank: 21
Score: 32.256016
Retrieved Text: There was definitely a different mood on the ocean this morning; a brooding expectation, an anticipation that the divers only had one last dive and the pressure to perform was definitely on the increase. Anticipation can play tricks in your mind, and it's not an easy thing to shake. For competitors, the excitement and expectation can switch from positive to negative very quickly. We saw some incredible athletes compete this morning, and no-one could say we weren't in the company of some of the worlds best. There were a couple of dives that seemed to really lift the spirits of all who were there, a true testimony to what a supportive and amazing group of individuals were at the meet. When Chris Kim, who began incredibly buoyant in his no fins attempt, managed to battle through to negative bouyancy, take the tag and return to complete surface protocol successfully, I have never been more amazed with a dive or the support from everyone who witnessed it. There was as much determination in that performance than any dive to much deeper depths! Well Done!
Congratulations to all who competed, there were some amazing moments as pb's were recognised. Looking forward to the celebrations later tonight.
Again, here are some of the highlights from the day.
Before I get into what I saw, I figure it's useful to list what was happening with the water. I've seen plenty of people cancel a dive because the visibility looked low, or the temperature was down or the currents were strong, and in reality,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 32.15988
Retrieved Text: In these times, I hate and despise being in the cave. Finding the way out of the cave is something I desperately want, but it seems like there is no way out at the time. It all feels hopeless and I feel helpless.
Not too many weeks ago, I was at one of these points. I went deep into the darkness of the cave and was not sure if I could find my way back. Sure, I’ve been in these dark places before, but this time was different. This was much deeper and further than I had ever fallen.
For weeks I didn’t eat much, and barely spoke to anyone including my husband. I cut off contact with everyone. I stared into space just hoping my days would end. There was no relief in sight. I was not sure how to get back to a sense of normalcy in my life. In fact, I was not sure if I wanted to find my way back.
It all seemed hopeless. Nothing seemed to matter. I didn’t care.
While I found my way out of the cave, recently a friend of mine was sharing the same situation with me. I told my friend the following in order to help them find their way out.
When you are in the cave, keep striking the rocks together. Sooner or later you will ignite a spark. When you do, it will briefly illuminate the far wall. Keep doing that and look for the map on the far wall that shows you the way out. It is

########
Rank: 23
Score: 32.102795
Retrieved Text: There are three main classes of rocks: igneous, metamorphic, and sedimentary. The following is some general information about the different classes of rocks, including their texture, composition, and origin.
Igneous rocks are minerals that have solidified (crystallized) from molten or partly molten material (lava or magma). These rocks are mostly silicate in composition and are formed deep in the Earth. Intrusive igneous rocks are formed by the process of emplacement of magma in pre-existing rock. Extrusive igneous rocks are rocks that have been erupted onto the surface of the earth. They include lava flows and pyroclastic material such as volcanic ash. The eight igneous rock-forming minerals make up over 90% of the earth's crust. Igneous rocks are classified according to texture (size and shape of mineral grains) and composition which leads to an understanding of the environment of formation (genesis).
Bowen's Reaction Series is one of the most powerful models we have for understanding igneous rocks. It can be used to help describe igneous rocks and is an extremely powerful tool for interpreting their origin.
Sedimentary rocks which cover over two-thirds of the Earth's surface, are produced by the transformation of pre-existing rocks by gravity, atmospheric agencies, and living organisms. They are the result of the consolidation of sediments, loose material derived from the mechanical accumulation of fine and coarse fragments of rock (clastic sediments) or from precipitation from solution, with or without intervention by living organisms (organogenetic and chemical deposits).
Of the eight rock-forming minerals in Bowen's Reaction Series, only quartz does not weather. It is released from the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 32.099094
Retrieved Text: Mattress Cleaning North Rocks | 1800 284 036 | Mattress Steam Cleaning !!!
Mattress Cleaning North Rocks – Get rid of germs from your bed. Mattress sensitisation services also available at thumbs up cleaning. FREE 1800 284 036 Quotes!
At Thumbs up Cleaning we offer top of the range Mattress Cleaning North Rocks services at affordable rates in North Rocks and its environs. We offer same day Steam mattress cleaning through to mattress stain removal. We have been around in mattress cleaning business in North Rocks for a period of more than twenty years.
When we come over to your residence to provide our Mattress Cleaning North Rocks services, Thumbs up Cleaning professional mattress cleaner will keenly examine your mattress to find any visible spots and stubborn stains and other blemishes present on your mattress prior to commencement of any work. This Mattress Cleaning North Rocks routine practice aims at enabling our expert service providers to decide on the best solutions to be used in cleaning your mattress. Thumbs up Cleaning certified cleaner shall get down to expedite on the mattress cleaning job by first removing the tough stains that had been identified, which will be followed by the application of an anti bacterial spray. After spraying, Thumbs up cleaning certified cleaner will carry out Hi-tech vacuuming to loosen any dirt that is embedded in your mattress. Sanitization shall then be carried out in a very effective and professional manner. The last stage involves deodorization, which will see all the bacteria being completely removed from your mattress.
For a number

########
Rank: 25
Score: 32.03886
Retrieved Text: As kids we all tossed rocks in the pond and watched as that simple action created ripples across the surface of the water. When we grew up we realized that everything we do creates ripples. I’m sure you are like me, you toss a lot of rocks in your pond. Some rocks make a big splash and some just a ripple. Some make a huge splash, only to sink to the bottom. But we keep tossing. The more we toss the more success we earn. The more we grow. The less concerned we get when we fail. We know just to toss more rocks and we will continue to learn and grow — and eventually we’ll make a wave.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.958271
Retrieved Text: According to the calendar it has been spring for a little while now, but it is still light jackets and hot coffee for those of us in the Garden State. It is a traditional time for birds chirping, gardening, baseball, and the beginning of sitting outside in the warm rays of the sun.
Since the weather has been chilly this Spring, we have still been incorporating sensory bins in our homes but as the weather does improve sensory based activities are achieved by going outside and interacting with nature.
As much as I love Spring in NJ, it also means the beginning of massive construction projects on roads and highways. My children love to identify all the diggers as we drive past them on the roads. They are fascinated with these large and impressive vehicles. And why not? They are cool and calming to watch. This spring you can build a construction site at home. If you have the room in your backyard and some child sized dump trucks, set aside a corner with rocks. This will surely keep them entertained for a good length of time.
Even if you don’t have a lot of space or want to dedicate a chunk of our garden for this endeavor, you can still create a construction site sensory bin by putting some small sized rocks in a plastic container. Bags of rocks can be purchased at the dollar store or you can have your children collect the rocks outside. You can pick up construction vehicles that will fit in the palm

########
Rank: 27
Score: 31.887257
Retrieved Text: So did you guess the game for this week? It was Dig Dug from 1982. Your task was to dig you way through the ground to eliminate two different kinds of monsters either by over inflating them or dropping rocks on them. It was huge in Japan and it’s our game of the week because we’re celebrating our new digs, get it??
Very clever. Next week we try out the fruit slicing simulator, also known as Metal Gear Rising, revengerenecse.
For the younger gamer in your life Spawn Point is back on ABC3 this weekend and we kick off the year with a review of Ni No Kuni.
Until next time, may all your games be good games, Hex out.
Bajo out. Hey Hex, you know what we can do in the new studio now that we’ve never been able to do before?
We could do a review standing up!
We could do the whole show standing up!
Hi and welcome to Good Game, stand up. Nup.
It’s better sitting isn’t it?

########
Rank: 28
Score: 31.851963
Retrieved Text: Hi, I'm Sterling Nesbitt , a paleontologist! I study the fossilized bones of dinosaurs and their reptilian ancestors to learn what life was like millions of years ago.
Fossilized bones of a dinosaur, surrounded by sediment, back in the lab.
Sterling (left) and Nathan Smith excavate a new dinosaur in New Mexico.
Sedimentary rocks are formed from layers of sand, silt, dead plants, and animal skeletons.
My first job is to find the fossils . Fossils are found in layers of sedimentary rock . So that's where the team and I go�to places with sedimentary rock. They could be as close as Arizona or as far away as the Gobi Desert in Mongolia!
At the dig site we begin by looking for exposed fossils. When we find something we start digging. We dig slowly and carefully so we don't damage the specimen. Back in the lab, we can study the fossil more closely. Our goal is to determine what kind of animal it was and when it lived.
Want to find out how the history of life is written in the rocks? Let's go!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 31.77708
Retrieved Text: Here is a visual Bible craft to illustrate the story of when a farmer sows seeds. You will find the story in Luke 8:4-15. A farmer sows seeds into four different types of soil: beside the road, among rocks, surrounded by thorns, and in good soil. The seed represents the Word of God. What happens to each seed, and what does each seed represent in our lives, according to Jesus?
Beside the road: The seed is trampled, and birds eat it up. These people hear the Word of God, but the devil comes and takes it away, so that they don’t believe and are not saved.
Among rocks: The seed withers away because it has no water. These people hear and receive the Word of God with joy, but they have no firm root. They shrivel away when temptation comes.
Surrounded by thorns: The seed grows up among thorns, and the thorns choke the young plants. These people are choked by worries, riches, and pleasures, so they never mature.
In good soil: The seed grows and produces a crop 100 times as great. These people have held fast to the Word and bear fruit with perseverance.
To make this “A Farmer Sows Seeds” craft, you will start with pouring soil on a cookie sheet. Spread pebbles like a winding road across your cookie sheet. I used a spoon to control where the pebbles were going. Place a bird along the side of the road. Then sprinkle some seeds on the road.
Place some larger rocks in one corner of the cookie sheet.

================



======= Instance Index 24 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are increase or decrease ):

In an inverse relationship, when one variable increases, the other variable decreases.


As more goats are introduced to an area with grass what will happen to the grass levels increase or decrease?

Target Text: decrease

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 39.093136
Retrieved Text: ATLANTA, Ga. (WGCL/NNS) - Landscapers at the Mercedes-Benz stadium are taking an interesting approach in an effort to keep their grass trimmed.
Instead of using loud equipment - the stadium landscapers have enlisted goats to maintain the grounds.
More than 40 goats are now working at the downtown stadium.
The goats are typically seen throughout the day chewing on the grass.
Michael Swanson - owner of the herd of goats – says the animals are quieter and eco-friendlier than lawnmowers and leaf blowers.
"They really don't like grass,” Swanson explained. “What they like is the leafy vegetation."
This isn't goats' first time on the job. They've have been used to clear grass from other locations in and around Atlanta.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 37.417507
Retrieved Text: Md. Ziaul Haque quote: "Nothing is meaningless on earth. God has even made the grass a food for some animals. He has created the cows, goats etc. in such physical shapes [heads downward, near the soil] so that they can survive by eating grass easily!"
Some say that grass is for cows. I guess clay is for making bricks.
JON KATZ The people's government, made for the people, made by the people, and answerable to the people.
DANIEL WEBSTER He shall come down like rain upon the mown grass: as showers that water the earth.
JOANNA MOJA God, I can push the grass apart and lay my finger on Thy heart.
EDNA ST. VINCENT MILLAY They are the last scar that 9/11 has made on this soil.
ANTHONY GARDNER New Zealand has incredible global recognition for grass-fed livestock.
JOEL SALATIN They are the last scar that 9/11 has made on this soil.
JANE CAMPBELL The best thing you can do for your kids is to show them God working in you on a daily basis.
CRAIG GROESCHEL Thirst is a language even the grass understands.
JAY COOPERIDER The spring has sprung, the grass is rizz. I wonder where them birdies is?
SHEENA IYENGAR Even though a marriage is made in heaven, the maintenance work has to be done here on earth!
JOEL SALATIN They say they saw them slaughtering the cows and the goats.
ERNEST HEMINGWAY Unfortunately for humanity, God is patient enough to actually enjoy watching the grass grow.
TRISTRAM STUART Sitting quietly, doing nothing, spring comes and the grass grows by itself.
ZEN PROVERB Sitting quietly, doing nothing, spring

########
Rank: 2
Score: 37.356873
Retrieved Text: What is a Cow Doing on a Boer Goat Farm?
Worms in goats are a major health issue which can significantly affect their welfare as well as economic outcomes. Worm larvae enter a goat’s gut after they eat infected grass, these larvae then mature into egg producing adults. Worm eggs are excreted by the goat in their faeces, which then develop into larvae and attach to grass which is eaten by the goats, and they become reinfected. Reaching for a drench may seem to be an easy fix, but with the increasing prevalence of drug-resistant worms and concerns over the use of chemicals, other solutions are worth incorporating into an effective management strategy.
When goats are run in a bush area with plenty of forage rather than just a pasture paddock, there can be significant benefits. By browsing, goats will not consume forage close to the ground where the parasite larvae are located. In addition, many browse plants have high tannin concentrations which have been shown to reduce faecal egg counts.
Most worms are host specific, that is, they are only able to infect either goats or cattle, not both. This means that grazing a contaminated pasture by cattle results in death of the goat worm larvae.
This method is based on graze periods in a paddock being sufficiently brief (4-10 days) to avoid autoinfection, or resting a paddock long enough to have allowed enough time for many of the larvae on the pasture to die (typically 40-80 days).

########
Rank: 3
Score: 37.3397
Retrieved Text: Re: Anybody got milk goats?
Thanks for the info. We are trying to decide on goats vs sheep. Already working on cows, but want something supplemental. Two in the hand, eggs in one basket, that sort of thing.
I presume you didn't use any of them for meat?
I am partial to goats myself, but whatever works best for you. Goats have personality and can think things out a bit. Sheep are pretty dull in the brain. lol. But they are sweet and cute.
No, we didn't raise any meat goats or butcher any dairy goats. I've heard the meat goats are tasty.
Last edited by Lanny60; 08-14-2017 at 12:05 PM.
I don't raise anything, but live in an area zoned for farming, and have observed that goats seem to raise themselves. thought often of getting one to mow the yard. and Jamaicans seem to like to buy them for meat. also they are really cute.
If you want a lawn mower, sheep would work best. They are grazers and love grass.
Goats like bramble, and are more like deer. They take a nibble of this and a nibble of that. They will eat grass but get tired of it quickly and move on to yummier treats. lol.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 37.308105
Retrieved Text: We are learning how to increase the vigor and overall health of our landscape by following regenerative grazing and land management practices that support robust native grass species and minimize noxious weeds.
We have learned the importance of essential elements of living soil systems. We believe in order to have a healthy landscape, people, and wildlife, we must maintain and improve our living soils by managing our ranching practices for what we would like to see (diverse grass species and healthy, living soils) in a holistic and regenerative approach.
While we understand the possible need to chemically control some types of noxious weed infestations, we've been experimenting for a number of years with non-chemical approaches.
Early journal entries from Explorers document many cases of wild herd animals from the past moving over the landscape in mass amounts- tens of thousands of grazing animals like elk and buffalo, moving naturally and fluidly. Behind them came browsing animals like deer and antelope. While the elk and buffalo ate the diverse and native grass species, the antelope would eat the brush and other woody plants and forbs. This is the natural system of balance, making way for generations of the same yet diverse species of plants to grow back without noxious weeds infesting over-grazed and unhealthy lands.
When goats graze today, they are mimicking the natural cycle. This natural cycle was disturbed when the cattle boom started. When many of the wild herd animals were killed and numbers substantially decreased in order for masses of cattle to graze the Great Plains and more.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 37.022907
Retrieved Text: Like prussic acid poisoning and nitrate poisoning, grass tetany kills quickly. Death often occurs within two to three hours of onset of the disease. It is basically a magnesium deficiency caused by an imbalance of potassium with calcium and magnesium that requires veterinary assistance to treat and producer involvement to prevent.
Symptoms include wide-eyed staring, muscle twitching in the ears and flanks, hypersensitivity to sound and touch, staggering, foaming at the mouth, and convulsions. Goats most at risk are lactating does (milk production involves the utilization of lots of magnesium) and older goats. Least at risk are young goats, wethers, dry does, and younger adult bucks.
Soil conditions and fertilization practices can contribute to grass tetany. Soils and fertilizers high in potassium and nitrogen can produce plants that contain high potassium and low calcium and magnesium levels that can suppress magnesium absorption.
If the producer can obtain veterinary assistance quickly, the proper treatment involves slow intraveneous (IV) administration of calcium and magnesium. This is not something that the average goat producer can do. In an emergency when a vet is not available, the producer can try to save the goat by treating it as if it had "milk fever" ( hypocalcemia) with repeated dosing of CMPO or MFO orally. See this writer's article on Hypocalcemia on the Articles page at www.tennesseemeatgoats.com.
Prevention is the key. Producers should offer quality hay free choice to goats that have access to pastures that can cause grass tetany. Goats should also receive a quality loose mineral properly formulated with higher levels of magnesium and

########
Rank: 6
Score: 36.86851
Retrieved Text: When it comes to the wellbeing and health of your animals, you need to be sure that you’re only buying from the best. After all, proper nutrition is not only vital to the wellbeing of the animals themselves; it also has an effect the wool, milk, and meat that they will ultimately produce, not to mention the health of any calves, ewes, or foals that are born.
Horses, cows, and other grazing animals need high quality and nutrient-dense food sources to be healthy, strong, and to flourish. Outsidepride.com offers an incredible selection of pasture grass seed for sale, as well as selections of both pasture and wildlife seed mixtures made from grasses and legumes for whichever pasture animals you are currently raising.
Our team here at Outsidepride.com provides a wide selection of choices for pasture grass seeds, including individual species as well as mixtures that contain several varieties of grass seed species. Individual species include, but are not limited to: bermuda, bahia, fescue, fescue, ryegrass, orchard grass, timothy, sorghum, and much more! Options for mixtures include different varieties of pasture grass seeds blended together that are usually best suited for horse pastures or for an "all purpose" type of application where horses, cows, goats, other grazing animals may all be grazing together in a single location. Outsidepride.com even offers a special cold climate mixture for those areas and regions that get heavy frost and snow during the winter months.
Many people want pasture grass seeds that are more indigenous to their particular area or that meet certain environmental conditions

########
Rank: 7
Score: 36.078
Retrieved Text: There’s a new pilot project on right now in one city park that will help combat noxious weeds. A herd of 170 goats is being introduced to Rundle Park between July and September and they have been specially trained to munch on Canada thistle, leafy spurge, common tansy, common burdock, yellow toadflax as well as the occasional dandelion.
This pilot project comes after the city voted in 2015 to reduce it’s use of herbicides. Goats are known for their iron stomachs. They are able to consume plants that may be toxic to other animals due to special stomach enzymes. The plan is to have the goats consume the weeds before they go to seed, with less chance of future germination after the seeds pass through the goat’s digestive track.
Rundle Park is a wonderful place to explore on it’s own – full of nature trails and recreational activities. If you’re out exploring this area, be sure to check to see if the goats are at work. I stopped by for a visit on Saturday, parking in the parking lot adjacent to the tennis courts and taking the trail in front to the left. The goat enclosure was set up to the north of the pedestrian bridge connecting to Strathcona Science Park. When I first viewed them, they were in the tall grass just off the paved path once I passed the bridge. Since it was a hot afternoon, they were being herded down to the wooded area for some shade. I took the dirt path pointing to Hermitage

########
Rank: 8
Score: 35.800404
Retrieved Text: Keeping a goat is a good way of providing your household with fresh milk, yoghurt and cheese, and it will take up less space than keeping a cow. If you keep you goat shelter near your vegetable patch, you can create a three-bed compost system and use the manure to fertilise your soil.
Goats are easy to care for; caring for them takes less than an hour each day (roughly 20 minutes each morning and evening). Female goats will need milking every 12 hours, and feeding every day if they are not allowed to roam outside. Outside the shelter, you will need to keep them fenced off from your garden, as they are prone to eating everything in it. Goats live in herds, so you should buy more than one so they can live as close to their natural living requirements as possible.
You will need to provide a shelter for your goats, providing them with roughly 6m² per goat. It should be dry and free from draught, with sufficient space for the goats to stand up on their hind legs. If you keep the goats penned separately, ensure they can see each other as this is important to their well being. It’s a good idea to construct a few benches in the barn for young goats (kids) to jump up and down from. You’ll also need a dry place to store bedding materials and food, and a clean area where you can milk the females.
As well as a shelter, the goats will need an area or paddock

########
Rank: 9
Score: 35.77448
Retrieved Text: The condition of the land in the Northwest appears to be inadequate to support large populations. The vast majority of the vegetation in some areas consists of desert plants. Cactus and other thorned plants cover much of the hillsides and make it very dangerous to go more then a few feet inwards from the roads. I noticed common planting of Euphorbia as a living fence, and I wonder about danger of escape of this or other exotic species into native areas.
A certain percent of the population is involved with what seem fairly desperate efforts, the making of charcoal from almost every source of wood, including cactuses. Besides the ravages of goats, it is generally held that charcoal making is one of the main contributors to deforestation.
Family sizes are large, so overpopulation will continue to push people out of the Northwest to overcrowded Port-au-Prince and to less desirable land which is more fragile. The farmers are very aware of what their needs are, for technical help with seeds, water, soil conservation, and animal health. Unfortunately, many goats run wild, although most are tethered to small, unimproved paddocks or just along the side of the road. People are extremely motivated to adopt new technology.
Most agricultural labor in Northwest Haiti is entirely by hand. Even the use of donkeys or cattle to pull plow equipment must be rare, because I only saw people hoeing by hand. In another area, the very productive rice area in the low lying L'estere north of Port-au-Prince, farmers were leveling the mud in rice

########
Rank: 10
Score: 35.601276
Retrieved Text: Only goats "in the mood" go on the grass-covered roof at Al Johnson's restaurant, where they're a popular subject for tourist cameras.
Since 1973, live goats grazing on the restaurant roof have become as popular as the restaurant’s Swedish-inspired food.
How did the goat thing get started?
You can thank Harold Larson, known in the area as Winkie. Larson and Johnson, both pranksters, would surprise each other on their respective birthdays with various animal gifts. Sometimes it was a pig. Other times a raccoon. Then one fateful day, a goat.
When is the best time to see the goats?
The goats make their first appearance on the roof in late spring. You won’t see them on the roof if it rains, it’s too windy or the temperature gets too high or low. “If it’s uncomfortable for a human, it’s uncomfortable for the goats,” explained Kit Bütz, the restaurant’s marketing and promotion manager.
Which goats go on the roof?
The goats are housed at the Johnson farm a few miles from the restaurant. There are four to five goats that always make their way to the Johnson truck for transport to the restaurant. The others get to decide for themselves. If any goats are “in the mood” for an appearance, they join the others in the truck.
In addition to a day of grazing on grass, basking in the sun and starring in hundreds of photographs, the rooftop goats get some special incentive snacks.
How is the roof maintained?
The goats do their part helping to mow the roof by munching on the grass. But they don’t

########
Rank: 11
Score: 35.42465
Retrieved Text: Alpacas tend to poo in the same place, only occasionally altering their location, and that’s what we have here. The area highlighted by the white circle was their toilet pile at the end of last year. It’s now starting to be taken over by the grass. The light blue show the area they’ve been using for much of the year, and particularly to the bottom left you can see how lush the grass is. In the last few days they’ve decided to move a little and that’s the new red area at the top of the picture. We’ve found that the Alpacas will keep two or three ‘live’ toilets and tend to abandon them with no particular rule.
Algy and Verdigris – What are our Alpacas for?
We have two intact male Alpacas, Algenon (or Algy) and Verdigris. We bought them originally as fox protection, though their usefullness in this is debatable given the chickens we’ve lost. Some might ask why we bought two males and not a female to breed them – and that’s because the females are much more expensive than the males.
So the question is, what are they for? They don’t like to be stroked – alpacas are not touchy feely animals by nature, in fact Verdigris has never even eaten out of my hand, though Algy occasionally does. They are pretty as you can see below, but aestheti I think we’re probably going to look at selling them at some point, hopefully before the winter.
Either way I moved them into the field with the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 35.414055
Retrieved Text: What - Why - Where - How??
When these goats are rotated into a fresh, wooded pasture, they forage voraciously, reducing the grazing and browsing selectivity.
Rotational grazing is a management strategy used to maximize forage growth and encourage desirable plants and plant parts! Generally, the leaves of plants are much more palatable, nutritious, and photosynthetically active than stems. And, of course, some plants are much more nutritious than others. In order to maximize forage growth, livestock are strategically moved through a series of fresh pastures in order to provide a “grazing-rest period” for plants to regrow their leaves; which in turn photosynthesize more plant tissue; which then grow at a faster rate because there is more leaf material. After a period of significant regrowth, livestock are rotated back to the point of origin while plants are still leafy and have not begun building a lot of stem tissue. Because livestock are more concentrated in the pasture (while other pastures are resting) the normal activity of “consuming only the most desirable plants and leaving the rest to dominate” is curtailed.
Continuous grazing (the alternative to rotational grazing) tends to result in the best forage plants being weakened by regular grazing, while the least desirable plants thrive. This results in poor grazing efficiency because only part of the vegetation is utilized at its optimum rate.
More forage! A multi-agency effort by the Natural Resources Conservation Service, the National Institute of Food and Agriculture, The Agricultural Research Service and the National Resources Inventory reviewed 27 research papers that included both rotational and

########
Rank: 13
Score: 34.94546
Retrieved Text: One challenge with grazing the organic dairy herd is helping cows adjust to a new feed source in both the spring and fall. The switch from lower-quality stored feeds to high-quality pasture is much like changing silos. If the change is made too quickly, milk production drops until the cows and their rumen microbes become accustomed to the new feed. The rumen microbes are especially sensitive to sudden changes because it takes time to shift their numbers and types to those that are more adapted to higher-quality forage.
During the transition, the first day of grazing occurs when the grass is only three to four inches tall. The length of time cows are allowed out on pasture should be relatively short (one to two hours). If left out for longer than that, they will likely eat too much and when they return to the barn, may refuse quite a bit of the ration. Another option is to "flash graze" a large area of pasture, such as a large paddock with any temporary or semi-permanent fencing removed. This is useful in cases where the ground is still wet and the potential of pugging up the pastures with too much animal pressure is a concern.
Over the next few days, the length of time the cows spend on pasture should be gradually increased until they are out full-time. At this point there will also be a gradual increase in the amount of feed they refuse in the barn. Depending upon what the "final pasture ration" is going to look like,

########
Rank: 14
Score: 34.916267
Retrieved Text: Currently, we are not taking orders for goats as we adjust the location and breeding stock for our goats.
We have a small herd of Boer-Myotonic (Fainting Goats) goats on our farm. We started with six does in 2013 and our herd has slowly grown. In 2017 we decided to only save the original six since they were creating problems in our current pasture system. Hopefully we will put up a new fenced area for them in 2019 so that they will be separate from our chickens, pigs and cattle. When we are able to do that, we will then grow our herd again. The females kid (i.e. give birth) in late May-early June. We have had goats for butchering since 2014 and hope to keep up the trend as the years go by. If you are interested in buying goat meat, please contact us.
Our goats live out on pasture throughout the year. When the snow gets too deep for them to forage for their food we provide them with hay. Thus they are getting a diet that their bodies were created to consume (i.e. grass and leaves). If our hay resource proves to not have enough calories for the goats we will supplement with some organic grains., however, we have not had to do this. We supplement their mineral intake with salt and kelp meal.
We do not medicate our heard. If an animal does have problems we will medicate it and sell it to a farm that is not concerned with medicating their animals. Our goal

########
Rank: 15
Score: 34.663757
Retrieved Text: The highly nutritious Livestock Feed & Forage Pack by Heirloom Organics is the perfect seed pack for supporting homestead and small farm animals. Feed your horses, cows, sheep, goats, chickens, rabbits, even dogs and cats. This 6LB+ pail contains 12 varieties of both forage (field grasses and grazing, like alfalfa and clover) and feed (storable, dry grains for manual feeding, like corn, oats and wheat). Whether you are supporting an operating homestead or starting a new one with sustainable non-hybrid seeds, the Livestock Feed & Forage Pack is your choice for successful animal nourishment and it?s 100% non-hybrid, open pollinated, non-GMO.
High in protein and minerals, Alfalfa hay is a high-energy feed source for cattle, horses and sheep. Dairy cows in particular have much to benefit from the high rate of protein contained in Alfalfa, sometimes exceeding 25% of mass. Also well-suited to younger animals or those with greater protein needs.
Barley is similar in profile to Oats, but makes a more suitable source of forage for those seeking lower energy content. Soft and highly digestible, Barley can be high in sugar and should be used carefully if concerned about colic in horses and other animals. Should be crushed is used as a feed in ruminant mixes.
Red Clover is suitable as forage for cattle and young stock. The high sugar content is especially ideal for fattening, but should be avoided if colic is a concern. Monitor consumption carefully, or avoid feed completely, to horses. Additionally, there is evidence indicating a correlation between red clover consumption and infertility in

########
Rank: 16
Score: 34.537434
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Pasture, Hay, & Forages: Information & Management' started by MomtherOfDragons, Apr 13, 2019.
Mostly a horse question.. South central texas area..
We have 38 acres, the front 6ish are fenced off and mostly cleaned up. Some weeds, lots of blue bonnets and knee (or higher) length grass. We have not had large animals on it for several years, but it was used for cattle before. We do have goats we have started rotating with electric netting but thats very small portions at a time..
My question is this (and I cant seem to get a good answer)... We have our horses at another pasture nearby that is mostly eaten down, we want to move them to our property, but we wanted to mow first to try to prevent them from colicing or foundering, but I’m finding advice saying to let them out on a fenced portion of the tall grass because it’s less rich. We can section them to small paddocks with electric tape but we dont have a barn to put them in to take them fully off the pasture for “breaks”. Would this cause them harm? To just put the 4 of them out on a couple acres and rotate when they eat it down? Or is there a possibility it could harm them for it to be tall?
It’s native grass, but I’m not entirely sure what kind. Our horses have been out on pasture for years, not grain fed at all.
Im sorry if this is a dumb question or if I’m over thinking this,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 34.473694
Retrieved Text: Pendolino is a small Italian olive variety known for its high oil content, 22-23%, and delicate, pleasant flavor. Due to its high and constant pollen production, it is an excellent choice for pollinating other Italian olive varieties. It is usually planted as 10% of the orchard, and that is what Grumpy Goats Farm has done as well. It is an early ripening olive. The oil has soft fruity tones, with clear fresh grass, green almond, and cinnamon traits, and a spicy ginger finish with a hint of walnut. It is a moderately robust oil, with phenol levels between 300-400.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 34.39506
Retrieved Text: There are lots of things you might expect to find on a roof; birds, bats, insects, maybe even Santa and a sleigh with eight reindeers. However, in Tiger, a small town in Rabun County Georgia near Clayton, you will find an unexpected treat, Goats on the Roof. It's a fun stop for children and grownups alike with local food items, lots of cute souvenirs, ice cream and even an Old Goat Mining operation where you can try to capture a few gemstones.
The big draw is naturally the goats. When you visit, you will see a herd of goats that live on the roofs of the buildings. There are all ages from mama and papa goat to some cute little kids. The roofs are thatched with sod to produce lots of grass for the roof dwellers. There is a wooden bridge where the goats can cross from one building to another. Most fun of all there are several devices where you can push, pedal or otherwise send up some food to the goats. Naturally, the goats know where all the feeding stations are and when they see humans approach they head for the likely spot where their dinner will arrive.
The owners, Tracy Allard and Danny Benson , will tell you with a straight face about the origin of the goats. They arrived via space ship and are really aliens from outer space. Uncle Buck, Rabun County's resident goat whisperer, "spoke" to the goats and found this out. The reason they hang out on the roof is that

########
Rank: 19
Score: 34.35557
Retrieved Text: This post is sponsored by Pet Grass® and the BlogPaws® Professional Pet Blogger Network. We are being compensated for helping create awareness about the launch of Whisker Greens but GLOGIRLY only shares information we feel is relevant to our readers. Pet Grass is not responsible for the content of this article.
WAFFLES: Jeez, Boss. You really like your cat grass. Are you SURE I can't have some?
KATIE: Was your name on the box, Waffles?
WAFFLES: Um, I don't know.
KATIE: Well, where's the box?
KATIE: You don't know where the box is? What kind of cat ARE you???
Last month we introduced you to Whisker Greens®, a new no-green-thumbs-required cat grass that arrives fully grown right at your doorstep, ready for snacking. Though we were a little skeptical of something so fresh arriving safely via UPS (no offense to the man in brown shorts) we were surprised and delighted when we opened the box. It was fresh, hydrated and incredibly tender and soft. See our original post HERE.
As it turns out, Katie LOVES her grass. Maybe even a little too much! We've found the best way to let her enjoy her greens is by snipping off a few blades and serving them up as a small plate or sprinkling a few on top of her dinner.
If Katie gets a little too much, she tends to cough it up. But with a small amount, like what you're seeing in the video, she does great. It's clear she loves it. We're very hopeful that it will continue to satisfy her cravings as well

########
Rank: 20
Score: 34.345116
Retrieved Text: You may already be familiar with the amazing health benefits of grass-fed dairy and meats, and if you are you’ve probably wondered how to implement that kind of system for your own livestock. That’s why I’m sharing some tips how to implement a pasture-based system for your own dairy goats!
While most sources will say that 100% grass fed is the way to go, it’s not a feasible system for most small livestock growers and my own animals are not 100% grass fed. However, it is extremely possible to have grass be the basis of your dairy goat’s diet while allowing good quality grain to make up only a percentage instead of being the primary component.
Most dairy animals will need grain in their diet to support lactation, and that is okay. Even wildlife will happily jump on the chance to munch on grains when they find them — wild occurring or cultivated. Grain is not the enemy, but it also shouldn’t be the primary source of feed for livestock. Too much grain in a goat’s diet is bad for the rumen, causes urinary calculi, and can cause metabolic issues and excess weight gain. Grain must be given only when needed and in appropriate amounts — the remainder of the time, goats should have a diet based on good old green plant matter in the form of browse or hay.
Outside of the growing season, hay will be the main ingredient of your goats’ diets. Your hay will essentially be the pasture for your goats during times when fresh

########
Rank: 21
Score: 34.27211
Retrieved Text: Nigerian Dwarf goats are fast becoming one of the most popular goat breeds in the United States. And it is no wonder; they are known for excellent milk production yet they are small, easy keepers, they are endlessly entertaining pets, and they are highly effective grass, weed and scrub brush trimmers and eliminators.
Among the dairy breeds, Nigerian Dwarf goat milk has the highest levels of butterfat, making it so creamy that it’s often preferred over cow’s milk. Nigerian Dwarf milk has approximately 6 – 10% butterfat, as opposed to approximately 2 – 6% for other breeds. Since butterfat is what gives milk its sweet flavor, it’s the sweetest, richest milk of all the dairy goat breeds. It is possible to stagger breeding so that you have fresh wholesome goat’s milk (and the delicious products you can make from it) available year round.
Nigerian dwarf goats are hilarious. If you’d like to have a Pied Piper experience, they will follow you anywhere. I often walk my goats to the post office for a fun-filled outing. I have three gorgeous, tame, registered Nigerian Dwarf goats. They will turn two in the spring of 2018 and are the perfect age for breeding. They were bred by experienced Nigerian Dwarf goat breeder Kristi Jacobs of Rusty Duck Lane and come with the esteemed reputation of having mothers who are prolific milkers.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 33.960667
Retrieved Text: For everything there is a season, and when it comes to lawn renovation, spring is it. As lawn grasses wake from dormancy, nutrient and water demands increase. Unless you’ve been providing consistent applications of compost or soil improving amendments, chances are your lawn will need some attention now.
My five steps to lawn renovation (in this order) are as follows:Lawn renovation focuses on improving existing conditions without killing all existing vegetation. Take this route when you have about 50% lawn coverage or more. Although you will likely have weeds too, by promoting a healthy stand of new grass, you’ll start to choke out and out-compete weeds vying for that same space.
1. Get a soil test. As easy as this is to do, it’s surprising how few people really follow through. Contact your county extension service and tell them you need to do a soil test. They’ll send you all you need to collect the samples and include the box or bag to mail to the lab. What you get back for your modest $10 or so investment is impressive. A report detailing your soil’s nutritional requirements to promote optimal lawn growth will be spelled out.
The most common readings noted include your soil’s pH, along with nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium levels. All are important to healthy lawn growth and the report will let you know what is needed in your case specifically to make that happen. Simply follow their instructions and you’re well on your way. Ideally, the best time to amend soil per the report’s suggestions is

########
Rank: 23
Score: 33.89799
Retrieved Text: How are the Goats Cared For?
How are the Kids Cared For?
Care of kids is a controversial subject, and many people have chosen not to drink milk because of the calving/kidding practices on most dairy farms. Like all mammals, cows and goats must give birth in order to produce milk. In CAFO operations, these calves and kids, considered the “byproduct” of the dairy industry, are taken from their mother within the first few hours of birth and (in the case of calves) raised alone in small cages for veal. Even in most organic and small-farm dairy operations, calves and kids are separated from their mothers within a few days after birth, often to ensure that the mother produces the highest amount of milk. Here at our farm, we find it easier and less stressful to keep babies with their mothers unless medically inappropriate, and milking does not start until the kids are at least 2-3 weeks old. After this, the kids are separated only at night and milking is done on a once a day basis until the babies are old enough to be weaned and are getting the majority of their needs through hay and grass. We try to stagger our kidding time so that we always have plenty of fresh milk, but sometimes we have a little less in the winter, which is a sacrifice we’ll gladly make to ensure the health of our kids!
One of the reasons we chose Nigerian Dwarf Goats for our own personal milk production is that the milk from Nigerians

########
Rank: 24
Score: 33.8887
Retrieved Text: What causes Red Thread Disease?
As its name suggests, Red Thread causes red / pinkish threads to appear on the lawn. These threads are caused by a fungus - Laetisaria fuciformis / Corticium fuciforme and they grown on infected blades of grass. The threads can extend to around an inch past the height of the grass. Red thread does not always kill off the grass although once infected a blade of grass can be killed off in a couple of days.
The seasons when Red Thread occur are spring and autumn when the climatic conditions are suitable for the growth and dispersal of the fungus - when temperatures are around 16-24 °C. Laetisaria fuciformis may survive dry conditions over winter and summer for up to 2 years.
What are the effects on the grass and lawn?
The infected grass will firstly be 'bleached' in colour, the grass will turn pale cream / white. Not all grass blades will be affected, as non-infected blades may exist next to infected blades. In these circumstances the grass will appear visibly messy. In moist conditions the fungus will form the pink branching threads. Once the threads are well developed the lawn will have reddish / pinkish tinge to it in small patches, these patches may join together to form larger patches.
Lawns and grasses that are lacking in Nitrogen are much more susceptible to the onset of Red Thread so feed the lawn when necessary.
To help lawn drainage and aeration (letting oxygen in and carbon dioxide out) aerate the lawn using a hollow spike lawn

########
Rank: 25
Score: 33.78846
Retrieved Text: The video tutorial is below if you prefer to take a look at that. If not, just scroll down for the written tutorial!
Begin in your underground area where you would like grass to be. Make sure the entire area you would like to turn into grass is covered in dirt, otherwise it won't work!
If you know what's above you at ocean level (coordinates y:64), and which direction to dig towards, then great—you can use this to your advantage!
Start digging out your staircase and head all the way up until you reach grass. Be sure to place torches as you're working your way up, as grass needs a light level of 9 or above in order for it to grow!
I dug my staircase so that it was 3 blocks wide, but you can make yours as wide as you would like! The wider it is, the faster the grass will grow.
When there is more than 1 block of grass near a dirt block, the grass will spread faster. So keep this in mind when decided how wide you want to make your staircase.
If you are like me and hit sand by the time you get to the top—don't freak out!
All you need to do is find a grassy area and start replacing all of the sand next to the grass with dirt. Allow the grass to spread to the dirt, all the way to the entrance of your staircase.
Don't forget to place torches at the top, as well, otherwise the grass will not spread to the dirt

########
Rank: 26
Score: 33.76839
Retrieved Text: Instead of counting sheep at night, you envision two cute little goats keeping your lawn beautifully trimmed while you relax with a cold one. That seems like the ideal situation and use for these adorable animals. But it’s not realistic because what goats will do to your grass would be more like a nightmare. Sometimes they refuse to eat certain stalks leaving an uneven trim. Plus, they clear out spots for resting by pawing all the way to the dirt. The end result is not pretty. However, goats do very well at eliminating overgrown vegetation.
Unless you already have a menagerie of farm animals already, you may want to rent goats to help you control your excess brush and weeds. This is what you need to know.
How Many Goats Will I Need?
The number you need largely depends on the size of the area you want munched. Some say three goats per acre, but if you rent the Pygmy or Nigerian Dwarf variety, they are smaller and you’ll need more of them. One benefit of the smaller goats is they can get into locations that the larger ones can’t.
Contact a goat rental company and ask them to come out, assess your needs and give you an estimate. Then, you can sit back and relax. These organic weed whackers will get rid of blackberries, thistles and any vegetation with stickers. They have a natural immunity to thorns. If you want to replace your lawn with a garden or hardscaping, goats can help with that, too.
Goats don’t spread noxious chemicals

########
Rank: 27
Score: 33.616436
Retrieved Text: As urban sprawl continues and land becomes more and more valuable, horse facilities are finding it increasingly difficult to provide sufficient pasture for all of their horses. What can you do to maintain good pasture on small acreage?
The first step in ensuring a healthy pasture is to test the soil. Grass can’t thrive where the nutrient levels are poor, and in an overgrazed pasture the grass will need all the assistance it can get to stay healthy. Contact your state or local county extension office to obtain a soil test kit. With an average cost of about $6, a soil test is something that every farm can afford. The test kit includes instructions on how to collect small samples from different areas of the field, which will create a representative sampling.
The test results should come with an explanation so you’ll know exactly what to apply (the fertilizers needed, the amounts, and frequency of application can vary greatly depending on soil type, the condition of the soil and where in the country you are located). It will spell out the levels of the various nutrients in your soil and how many pounds of nutrient per acre you’ll need to add to bring your soil up to proper levels. Your local garden supply or landscaping store should be able to help you mix up the right portions of fertilizer.
Manure build-up can become a huge problem when a lot of horses are crammed into a small pasture. Manure actually can provide too many nutrients for the soil and thus

########
Rank: 28
Score: 33.45327
Retrieved Text: Why Should I Fertilize My Lawn?
Anyone who takes pride in their lawn makes it a point to fertilize at the ideal times of year with the optimal mix of nutrients. You might be wondering why a lush lawn requires such attention to detail, and the answer is hidden in soil.Throughout the growing season, your grass soaks up important nutrients from the soil that surrounds it. These nutrients are divided into two main categories: macronutrients and micronutrients. Soil with healthy pH levels naturally provides the essential micronutrients, but it lacks important macronutrients such as nitrogen and potassium. The only way to maintain a healthy lawn is to replenish these nutrients, and that happens through our lawn fertilizing services in the Minneapolis area.
How Does Green Stuff Use Fertilizer to Grow Lush Lawns?
We use fertilizer to infuse missing nutrients into the soil, providing nourishment for grass roots. Applying fertilizer helps a lawn thrive, so long as it contains the correct ratio of macronutrients. The process is a delicate balance, and a professional soil test is the best way to learn exactly what type of fertilizer is necessary. What’s more, timing is everything when it comes to effective fertilization. It’s best to fertilize during the times of the year when the grass is growing most rapidly. This varies by species, but our experts actively monitor our customer’s lawns, and apply the correct mix of nutrients when your grass needs them most.
As soon as our customers sign up for professional lawn treatment services in the Minneapolis area, we create a fertilization

########
Rank: 29
Score: 33.400894
Retrieved Text: 2014 is off to an amazing start! The STMA Conference in San Antonio was one of the most exhilarating events I have ever had the privilege to attend. New ideas are everywhere. People are excited about new possibilities.
The Grass Field Revolution is Alive!
With the Revolution growing, I am making a professional change to dedicate more to the possibilities of natural grass fields. Starting March 10, I am moving into the role of President at Growing Innovations full-time. Growing Innovations (www.GrowingInnovations.Net) is an education and support firm founded for one mission: Establishing that Grass Fields CAN Take More!
Additionally, I am heading the Grass Stain Preservation Initiative to soon be introduced. This initiative is designed to educate about the possibilities of grass fields at the grass-roots level: coaches, players, parents, and administrators. This blog, Growing Green Grass, will also be expanding to provoke more thought. Growing Green Grass will provide additional free information about the possibilities of natural grass fields to those in need, in particular at the grass-roots level.
Leading the Grounds Management team at Maryland SoccerPlex has been an amazing experience. Over and over again, our SoccerPlex team has achieved the “impossible”. I am proud of how the SoccerPlex organization has been able to re-defined what is possible for high traffic natural grass fields. There is no doubt the team and the facility will continue to improve and grow, and I am excited to be able to continue working with them in an agronomic support capacity.
Next week I am off to Japan to collect and share ideas,

================



======= Instance Index 25 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are acidic or basic ):

The more basic a solution is, the closer its pH value will be to 14.


Ian decreases the pH of his water. Its pH value becomes more acidic or basic?

Target Text: acidic

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 42.39039
Retrieved Text: pH is a measure of the acidity or alkalinity of a solution. It is measured and assigned a value from 1 to 14. 1 is the most acidic and 14 is the most alkaline or basic. The scale is divided in the middle with a value of 7 as the neutral value.
pH of less than 7 are acidic and pH of more than 7 is alkaline.
pH is an abbreviation for power of Hydrogen and is used to indicate the measure of hydrogen ion concentration in a solution.
Solution in this context implies it is a water based solution. If there is no water there is no pH to put it simply. To state it differently a product that is a mixture of oils or alcohols, pH value is not applicable.
pH scale is on logarithmic scale therefore the difference between each number is a factor of 10. For example, baking soda with a pH of 9 is 100 times more alkaline than water. If the skin pH is 5.5, putting on lime juice or baking soda would irritate and inflame the skin as lime juice is acidic and baking soda is alkaline.
Many factors disrupt the skin's acid mantle and pH value examples being stress, pollution, age, dietary habits, smoking, etc. As we age, skin becomes more acidic thereby reducing its ability to protect itself.
So when we use skincare products we should be aware of the product's pH value as it will be higher or lower than the skin's pH. As time goes by, skin which is our largest

########
Rank: 1
Score: 42.06861
Retrieved Text: With a view to the fact that PROXIM s.r.o. has been focusing on water treatment methods for many years, it decided to create a project that would be matchless in its scope and content and provide useful advice by means of Mr. Clearwater, an expert on swimming pool and garden pond water care and treatment.
Only a few professionals would claim to be the only true and experienced experts who have an answer to every question. We are no exception and the more in-depth knowledge we obtain, the more we feel that we know much less than in the beginning. Nevertheless, putting to use our knowledge and experience, we ventured into creating space with tips and advice on how to maintain water in garden or public swimming pools, whirlpools or wellness pools, and decorative or swimming ponds.
What can happen if the water pH is too low?
A pH value below 6.8 causes metal and concrete corrosion, discolouration, as well as eye and skin irritation.
What to do after filling up the pool for the first time?
First of all, you should measure the pH value of the water in the pool with the aid of a pH tester. The optimum pH value is between 6.8 and 7.6. If the measured value is higher, lower it by adding pH MINUS, or if it is lower, increase it by adding pH PLUS.
Especially in cases when you use local water sources to fill the pool, you should determine the water hardness. If the water is too hard, apply the HARDNESS STABILISER. This will

########
Rank: 2
Score: 41.88872
Retrieved Text: Acidogenic bacteria in dental plaque rapidly metabolize fermentable carbohydrates producing acidic end products. In the mouth, these changes over time in response to a challenge are known as Stephan responses or Stephan curves. The pH of dental plaque under resting conditions (i.e., when no food or drink has been consumed), is fairly constant. Differences do exist, however, between individuals and in different sites within an individual.
5 to 20 minutes. This is followed by a gradual recovery to its starting value, usually over 30 to 60 minutes, although this can be longer in some individuals.
After exposure of dental plaque to fermentable carbohydrates, the pH decreases rapidly. This is due primarily to the production of lactic acid in plaque, with acetic and propionic acids being simultaneously lost from the plaque. The rate at which the pH decreases is due in part to the microbial composition of dental plaque. In general, if more acidogenic, aciduric bacteria is present in plaque, the pH would lower more rapidly.
The rate of pH decrease is also dependent on the speed with which plaque bacteria are able to metabolize the dietary carbohydrate. While sucrose would be metabolized quickly, prompting a more rapid decrease, larger molecules, like starch, would diffuse into plaque more slowly because it would need to be broken down before it can be assimilated by plaque microbes. Another factor that affects the rate of pH decrease is the buffering capacity of unstimulated saliva. The rate at which plaque pH decreases is also influenced by the density of plaque. Less dense plaque can

########
Rank: 3
Score: 41.50626
Retrieved Text: The pH of distilled water is theoretically about 7. In practice, it’s difficult to put an exact number on the pH of distilled water because simple exposure to air can dissolve carbon dioxide.
Why does the pH of a substance matter? What is distilled water? Let’s put the pH value of distilled water into context by discussing what distilled water is and why the pH of a substance is important to be aware of.
Distilled water is water which has been boiled and collected in a container after boiling. When the water is boiled it turns into steam and this steam is condensed into liquid when it is collected in a separate container. One of the primary reasons to distill water is that the impurities found within water separate out and are left in the original container during boiling, making distilling water a useful way of purifying water.
Distilled water is often used for a variety of industrial applications as well as in laboratories. Biological and chemical labs often use distilled water when experimenters want to be more certain that impurities within the water did not taint the results of their experiment. When extremely pure water is needed for an experiment, water that has been double distilled may sometimes be used.
Distilled water may be used in an aquarium to ensure there are no known or unknown contaminants within the water, at which point necessary minerals can be introduced into the aquarium. Another situation where distilled water may be preferable to use than regular water is in cooling systems for

########
Rank: 4
Score: 41.338184
Retrieved Text: The condensed water processing device determines (S2) whether the pH of condensed water stored in the condensed water tank is smaller than a threshold value (t). When the pH of condensed water is smaller than the threshold value (t), the supply quantity of urea water being supplied to the upstream side of the NOx catalyst is increased (S7) so that the supply quantity is larger than that in normal control (S4) executed when the pH of the condensed water is equal to or more than the threshold value (t).
This application is a national phase application of International Application No. PCT/JP2013/067875, filed Jun. 28, 2013, the content of which is incorporated herein by reference.
The present invention relates to a condensed water treatment device for an internal combustion engine, the condensed water treatment device treating condensed water generated in an EGR device.
As a condensed water treatment device for an internal combustion engine, known is the one which stores, in a condensed tank, condensed water generated in an EGR cooler, and injects the condensed water to an intake passage when the storage water quantity stored in the condensed water tank reaches a predetermined quantity (Patent Literature 1). The condensed water supplied to the intake passage is led into a cylinder with intake gas to vaporize. Thereby, the combustion temperature is suppressed. As a result of that, the generation quantity of NOx caused by combustion is suppressed. In addition, as another literature of prior art relating to the present invention, there is a Patent Literature 2.
Condensed water generated in an

########
Rank: 5
Score: 40.079266
Retrieved Text: You probably know at least one person who bought a water ionizer at some point, but have no idea what it is or what its benefits are. Well, there is no shame in this, because these products started only recently to gain popularity. Buying a water ionizer implies taking into account a series of essential features, which is why it is best to visit this website and learn more about this aspect. If you still have many questions on the topic and are looking for some answers, the following article may be of great help to you.
For those who are not familiar with the term, ionized water is water that also contains minerals, such as magnesium, calcium or sodium, which when pass over rock on the way to rivers or through soil, they turn into ions. The term “purified water” is usually used for water that contains no minerals and worth mentioning is that this type of water doesn’t occur naturally, but after going through a filtration process.
An alkaline ionizer or water ionizer is an electronic device, which has the purpose of increasing the water pH in order to make it more alkaline. During the process, the ORP (Oxidation Reduction Potential) level also decreases, thus making water better for you and your body. The lower the value of the ORP, the better the quality of the water machine and the better it will be for your body.
Why is alkaline ionized water a better choice?
Specialists are of the opinion that oxidation can lead to damaged body tissue,

########
Rank: 6
Score: 39.918312
Retrieved Text: A backyard waterfall is both relaxing and invigorating. The sound of rushing water rolling over the rocks has an almost magical calming effect. As the water cascades over the swimming pool waterfall into the body of water it’s a beautiful scene. Maintaining the clarity of the water is simple if you follow some basic water chemistry principles.
The water balancing in your backyard waterfall is not a very complicated exercise. It is simply the relationship between different chemical measurements in your backyard waterfall water. The water is always changing, year round. Snow and rain affect the water balance - in short, anything that comes in contact with the backyard waterfall.
Water that is "balanced" has proper levels of pH, Total Alkalinity, and Calcium Hardness. It may also be defined as water that is neither corrosive or scaling. This concept of water balance is derived from the fact that water will dissolve and hold minerals until it becomes saturated and cannot hold any more water in solution.
When water is considerably less than saturated it is said to be in a corrosive or aggressive condition. When water is over saturated and can no longer hold the minerals in solution it is in a scaling condition. So then, balanced water is that which is neither over nor under-saturated. Here are some definitions of the three keys to proper water balance.
pH is a measure of how acidic or basic the water is. pH is a logarithmic scale from 0-14, with 7 being neutral. Below 7.0 and a substance is defined as being

########
Rank: 7
Score: 39.85658
Retrieved Text: Ocean acidification is the ongoing decline in the pH of surface waters, and the projected 0.4 unit pH decrease by 2100 is likely to negatively impact benthic coastal organisms that fabricate calcium carbonate ‘skeletons’. Coralline algae are considered the most vulnerable of all benthic calcifying organisms to ocean acidification, and calcifying invertebrates are also highly vulnerable. Research has focussed on identifying susceptible species but we also need to identify refuge habitats to enable their protection.
The susceptibility of coralline algae to ocean acidification depends on the pH at their surface, and this is regulated by the interplay between algal metabolism and water motion. Using pH microprobes, we show that algal metabolism causes local increases (photosynthesis, nitrate uptake) and decreases (calcification, respiration, ammonium uptake) in the pH at the algal surface; pH at the surface of a seaweed can thus fluctuate by ±0.5 units on a daily cycle.
Water motion sets the thickness of the diffusion boundary layer, and thick DBLs have been shown to ameliorate the negative effects of ocean acidification on coralline algae via their action of retaining metabolically-produced high-pH seawater at the algal surface, thereby preventing dissolution of calcium carbonate (Cornwall et al. 2014). Seawater velocities within beds of canopy forming seaweed, including members of the orders Laminariales and Fucales, are much reduced (75-95%) compared to the mainstream seawater velocity.
Slow-flow habitats may provide natural, low-cost refugia for coastal calcifiers from ocean acidification. We explore how bioengineering coastal habitats will locally mitigate the effects of ocean acidification, resulting in more resilient ecosystems with greater conservation value.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 39.841103
Retrieved Text: A considerable safety margin can be introduced into processing time by acidifying the product. If the low acid food, for example cucumber, is acidified to a pH of 4.6 or less, it crosses the threshold that separates low acid foods from the high acid foods. In other words it becomes a high acid food and as such, it requires less severe thermal treatment to achieve sterility. It can, theoretically, be sterilized in a water bath canner (212° F, 100° C). As the thermal resistance of bacterial spores decreases in an acidic environment, they should not grow in foods with a pH below 4.6. Thermal treatment is needed to kill only spoilage bacteria, molds, yeasts and enzymes, all of which can be killed at 212° F, 100° C.
Adding citric acid, lactic acid, lemon juice or vinegar will lower the pH of the product and cooking media. Chicken that was marinated overnight with salt, vinegar, white wine or lemon juice will acquire some acidity and will be more hostile to any bacterial spores than a fresh chicken. A pH meter is needed to measure acidity levels accurately, the pH color strips are suitable for checking water pH in a fish tank or for general less critical applications. Meats, poultry, fish, vegetables and dairy products fall into a pH range of 5.0-6.8. These are low-acid foods so they must be processed at 240-250° F, 116-121° C, unless they become acidified to such an extent that the pH equilibrium of the finished product is pH 4.6 or lower. Acidified foods

########
Rank: 9
Score: 39.207367
Retrieved Text: The pH scale is a measure of acidity and alkalinity. Acid rain has a pH of 5.0 or less.
Scientists express the acidity of acid rain using the pH scale. The scale defines a solution's acidity, neutrality or alkalinity based on its concentration of hydrogen ions. Acids have a high concentration of hydrogen ions and a low pH. The scale ranges from zero to 14, with pure water at a neutral 7.0. Most water, however, is not exactly pure. Even clean, normal rain has a pH of about 5.6. This is because it reacts with carbon dioxide in the atmosphere and forms mildly acidic carbonic acid before it becomes rain.
Acid rain has a pH of 5.0 or less. Most acid deposition ranges from pH 4.3 to 5.0 -- somewhere between the acidity of orange juice and black coffee. But comparing acid rain to safe, natural acids can be misleading. Even at its weakest, acid rain wrecks ecosystems by stunting sensitive plants and killing delicate aquatic eggs.
Programs that monitor acid rain analyze hydrogen content to determine pH. They also measure atmospheric concentrations of nitric acid, nitrate, sulfur dioxide, sulfate and ammonium. In the United States, the National Atmospheric Deposition Program (NADP) supervises wet deposition while the Clean Air Status and Trends Network (CASTNET) observes dry deposition. Monitoring acid deposition helps determine critical loads, or the amount of pollutants an ecosystem can support before damage. Accurate critical loads help set effective targets for SO2 and NOx reductions.
Now we'll learn about the harmful effects of acid rain on aquatic environments,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 39.17881
Retrieved Text: Criteria such as country of origin, type of milk used, species of animal used to produce the milk, fat content, moisture content, texture, whether mould ripened or not, cheese making process used, moisture in the non-fat solids have been and continue to be used. These criteria have been used either singly or in combination.
These descriptive approaches are limited in that they provide no theoretical insight into why one cheese is different from another and do not help in the development of new varieties.
For many years researchers in New Zealand, the UK, Ireland, the Netherlands and elsewhere were aware that there were significant differences in the pH and mineral concentrations of the major cheese varieties.
Lawrence et. al. (1984) probably first suggested that cheeses could be classified on the basis of two criteria, pH and calcium content. This approach is illustrated in fig. 1 for Swiss, Gouda, Cheddar and Cheshire cheeses.
Swiss, Gouda and Cheshire cheeses (fig. 1) exhibit a narrow range for pH and calcium concentration compared with Cheddar. Cheddar has a much wider range for both pH and calcium content. Lawrence et. al. (1984) suggested that Cheddar is a popular variety for this reason, this cheese type can have a wide range for pH and calcium content and still meet customer expectations; this suggests that Cheddar is easy to make!
The model proposed by Lawrence and his colleagues suggests that the differences between the various traditional cheese types are based to a large extent on the basic structure of the cheese. This basic structure is ultimately determined by

########
Rank: 11
Score: 38.862896
Retrieved Text: Likewise, as a base is diluted, its pH decreases—but, again, never below pH 7.
point out to students who might think that they can use the log of the hydrochloric acid solution concentration, no matter how dilute, to derive the pH of the solution. Certainly you can never add hydrochloric acid solution to neutral water and expect to get a pH greater than 7! Likewise, you cannot expect dilute base solutions to have pH values of less than 7. Therefore, to derive the entire pH scale by series dilutions, you must use both an acid and a base—starting, of course, at opposite ends. This is exactly what is accomplished in the pH rainbow tube.
This entry was posted in Gr 9-10 Science, Gr. 11-12 Chemistry and tagged acid, base, chemical reaction, indicator, pH. Bookmark the permalink.
← What is a photon?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 38.626125
Retrieved Text: When applying a product which has one single organic acid ingredient in drinking water, the pH decreases very quickly and if the dosage is too high, the pH can lower too much, leading to a negative result (lower water intake with decreased performance). Therefore choosing a product which has a synergistic formulation of multiple organic acids is more favorable.
These organic acids have a superior buffering effect which makes the pH decrease slowly, has a greater antibacterial effect, is more paleteable (tasteful) and is less corrosive compared with a single acid.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 38.366802
Retrieved Text: A combination of specific silage bacteria and co-factors that help improve the fermentation cycle. University trials show that AgriSile® can reduce dry matter loss and heating during fermentation. Both dry matter recovery and feed efficiency are improved.
Once silage is pit in a silo, a series of uncontrollable events take place. The natural fermentation process will preserve the silage, but not without some loss of dry matter, energy and digestible protein.
Your dairy or beef ration is balanced to supplement your silage. As the nutritional value of your silage decreases, the need and expense of off-farm supplements increase. By adding AgriSile® you can begin to control some of those events that are normally uncontrollable. You can see from accompanying graphs that AgriSile® enhances fermentation and decreases nutritional losses.
AgriSile® a more rapid drop in pH and this means better silage.
Many outstanding universities such as Cornell and Michigan State have established the necessary criteria for a silage inoculant.
A minimum of 100,000 cfu of lactic acid bacteria per gram of silage.
Live bacteria – non-viable (dead) bacteria are no good.
Dissolves in water – better coverage than dry products.
Can be used with injector systems.
Two strains of homofermentative, lactic acid bacteria, each designed to work at different pH ranges.
Special applicator – will not damage bacteria.
Freeze-dried and continually refrigerated during storage. Always 100% fresh, healthy, and alive.
Provides more than 125,000 cfu of specific lactic acid bacteria per gram of silage. Not only enough bacteria to produce a good fermentation, but the right strains of bacteria to initiate a rapid pH drop.
Bacterial strains that convert plant

########
Rank: 14
Score: 38.254383
Retrieved Text: What is the equation that connects pH and its effect on electric potential of an electrochemical cell?
#E_(cell)# is the overall cell potential. #""^@# indicates #"1 atm"# and #25^@ "C"#.
#n# is the mols of electrons reportedly transferred in the redox reaction.
#F = "96485 C/mol e"^(-)# is Faraday's constant.
Note that #"pH"# only affects reactions that are done in acidic or basic media, i.e. those that contain significant #["H"^(+)]# or #["OH"^(-)]# in solution already.
The #"pH"# dependence is of both #E_(cell)^@# and #E_(cell)#, but again, only if the half-reactions or overall reactions contain #"H"^(+)# or #"OH"^(-)# directly in them.
These are #E_(cell)^@# vs. #"pH"# diagrams.
Diagonal lines indicate an #E_(cell)^@# that is #"pH"#-dependent.
Vertical lines indicate #100%# #"pH"# dependence.
Horizontal lines indicate #0%# #"pH"# dependence.
It shifts towards #"Mn"_3"O"_4# as #"pH"# increases (as we cross the diagonal line horizontally). Or, we could notice that when #"pH"# increases, #["OH"^(-)]# increases, promoting an equilibrium shift leftwards in accordance with Le Chatelier's principle. The reaction quotient #Q# changes accordingly away from #K#, which changes #E_(cell)# accordingly.
#prod_k^N# indicates a multiplication of terms #1, 2, . . . , k, . . . , N#.
#i# is the index of individual product concentrations #[P_i]# being multiplied together.
#j# is the index of individual reactant concentrations #[R_j]# being multiplied together.
#nu_k# is the stoichiometric coefficient of the #k#th reactant or product. Note that in general, #i ne j#, meaning the number of products and reactants may differ.
As the #"pH"# decreases, the solution is more acidic, so #10^(-"pH") = ["H"^(+)]# increases and #10^("pH" - 14) = ["OH"^(-)]# decreases.
If #"H"^(+)# is a product, #Q# therefore increases,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 38.126713
Retrieved Text: You may have heard all about alkaline water, but what exactly is it, and what benefits can it give us and our bodies? The pH scale is a scale which is measured by the concentration of ions in a liquid or substance. At the lower end of the scale is pH 1, this is the most acidic a substance can be.
At the high end of the spectrum is pH 14, which is the most alkaline a substance or liquid can be. Every liquid, food and substance has its own level on the pH scale. The pH level of water naturally sits at a 7 on the scale, and this is because it is neutralised in our water systems with disinfectants and other additives.
Alkaline water has a higher pH, usually around an 8 or a 9 on the scale, and is marketed by many as having a host of health benefits for us. But what exactly does alkaline do for us? Below are 5 secrets of alkaline water and pH Levels that can change your life. Later on in this article, you will also be able to see exactly where you can buy alkaline water from, and even learn how to make your own alkaline water from the comfort of your own home.
Naturally, our bodies sit at a pH level of 7.365. And, to keep the balance within ourselves, we ideally need to be drinking water that sits at around 9 or 10 on the scale. This is because it has many health benefits, and can actually

########
Rank: 16
Score: 38.009415
Retrieved Text: A high level of water quality with stable water values is a basic prerequisite for a healthy garden pond. Above all, many pond owners wish to have clear water to be able to see to the bottom of the pond. However, it is important to know that clear water is not necessarily an indicator for species-appropriate living conditions.
Indicators such as carbonate hardness (KH) and pH value ("degree of acidity") reveal the true state of the water. When both parameters are in order, the self-cleaning processes and ecological cycle processes are working properly. For this reason, pond care needs to start by determining these important water parameters. The Söll product range offers rapid tests and with AQUA-CHECK, which is an electronic measuring device, these and other important water values can be determined reliably.
Carbonate hardness indicates the total amount of hydrogen carbonates dissolved in the water, mostly as a compound with calcium or magnesium, which operate as a buffer system. Carbonate hardness can prevent unhindered increase or decrease of the pH value. It should always remain above 5 °dH (0.890 mmol/l CaCO3).
With regard to the pH value, a range between 7.5 and 8.5 meets the requirements of most water dwellers.
Fluctuations occur during the course of the day. Due to the photosynthesis activities of pond plants and algae, the pH value is high in the evening and low in the morning. Strong algae growth leads to a continuous reduction of carbonate hardness, which, in turn, changes the pH value even more and makes it instable.
At worst, damage to skin

########
Rank: 17
Score: 37.866955
Retrieved Text: The Water Environment Federation’s new Operations Challenge laboratory event will determine alkalinity needs to facilitate nitrification. Operators will evaluate alkalinity and ammonia by analyzing a series of samples similar to those observed in water resource recovery facilities.
This event will give operators an understanding of how alkalinity works in the wastewater treatment process to facilitate nitrification, as well as the analytical expertise to perform the tests onsite. This provides the real-time data needed to perform calculations, since these analyses typically are performed in a laboratory that can present a delay in the data.
The alkalinity of water is a measure of its capacity to neutralize acids. It also refers to the buffering capacity, or the capacity to resist a change in pH. For wastewater operations, alkalinity is measured and reported in terms of equivalent calcium carbonate (CaCO3). Alkalinity is commonly measured to a certain pH. For wastewater, the measurement is total alkalinity, which is measured to a pH of 4.5 SU. Even though pH and alkalinity are related, there are distinct differences between these two parameters and how they can affect your facility operations.
Alkalinity is often used as an indicator of biological activity. In wastewater operations, there are three forms of oxygen available to bacteria: dissolved oxygen (O2), nitrate ions (NO3– ), and sulfate ions (SO42-). Aerobic metabolisms use dissolved oxygen to convert food to energy. Certain classes of aerobic bacteria, called nitrifiers, use ammonia (NH3) for food instead of carbon-based organic compounds. This type of aerobic metabolism, which uses dissolved oxygen to convert ammonia to nitrate, is

########
Rank: 18
Score: 37.826904
Retrieved Text: All Pool Chlorine is not the same.
There are many styles of chlorine used in swimming pools, although they all belong to the same class of product, they do their jobs differently.
Pool Liquid Chlorine and Laundry Bleach are different. Pool liquid chlorine (10-12.5%) is fresher and stronger than laundry bleach (3-4%). This difference may not seem like much, but pool liquid chlorine is approximately 4x stronger than laundry bleach, thus requiring much more laundry bleach to do the same thing.
Different chlorines have different strengths and a wide variance of pH levels. Liquid Chlorine has a pH close to 13 while chlorine tablets have a pH close to 3. Other “shocks” vary throughout that range. This means a lot due to pH levels having an affect on the effectiveness of the chlorine within your pool water.
Shock bags and chlorine tablets do different things. Chlorine tablets are used to create a low level of constant chlorine in the water (sanitization) while bags of shock or liquid chlorine are meant to create a temporary high level of chlorine in a pool (oxidization).
All chlorine can be ‘stabilized’. Stabilizer/Conditioner are nomenclature for cyanuric acid (abbreviated CYA). CYA can get too high (>80ppm) in pool water which decreases chlorine effectiveness, the higher the CYA level the less effective chlorine becomes. Chlorine tablets have CYA built into them which helps with low level chlorine sanitization. Sodium dichlor, sometimes used as a ‘shock’ product also has cyanuric acid built in. Too much use of either of these products may cause an increased CYA level. Calcium

########
Rank: 19
Score: 37.826046
Retrieved Text: Easy-to-use, this granular product raises total alkalinity in the pool and acts as a buffer to prevent pH bounce, staining, and corrosion.
This granular product increases the water's pH effectively and conveniently. Reach optimum pH ranges with minimal effect on the overall alkalinity.
This dry acid decreases the pH of pool water slowly and effectively. The granular product is more convenient than a liquid acid. Product of choice for lowering pH.
A convenient granular product for raising calcium hardness. Addition of this product as required will help protect pool from corrosion & help prevent staining.
100% cyanuric acid - chlorine stabilizer. It prolongs the effective life of chlorine by reducing loss caused by the sun. Sometimes referred to as a conditioner.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 37.71523
Retrieved Text: Introduce your students to core chemistry concepts as well as data collection and analysis with a quick demonstration using common household chemicals. This classic demonstration of a chemical reaction is quantified and enhanced with pH, temperature and conductivity measurements using the Advanced Chemistry Sensor. This quick demonstration will help the students think about some of the concepts that they will see throughout the year and the types of measurements that they can make to explore those concepts.
Add ~60mL of water and ~60 mL of household vinegar to a 150mL beaker.
Ask the students what the pH should be. Most will assume low since it is an acid.
Put the pH, Temperature and Conductivity Probes in the beaker and create a graph of pH vs. Time and a digits display of pH.
Ask the students to predict what will happen to the pH once the antacid tablet is added.
Overall, the pH increases as the reaction occurs. After the first tablet was added the pH increased, then leveled off. At around 100s, another tablet was also added causing the pH to increase again. Gas formation is also noticeable in the beaker.
Since the Temperature and Conductivity Probes were also in the solution, there are more opportunities for measurement-based explorations of the system.
Ask the students to predict the temperature change as the reaction proceeds.
Ask the students to predict the conductivity change as the reaction proceeds.
Most students will be surprised to find the temperature decreases during this endothermic reaction. As each tablet is added, the temperature decreases while the pH increases.
The conductivity relationship is

########
Rank: 21
Score: 37.543083
Retrieved Text: The body is composed of trillions of cells. The function of every cell is dependent on the pH of the skin and the body. The pH equation of health is the perfect balance between the body’s internal pH and the skin’s external pH. Survival depends on the body’s ability to maintain pH balance (homeostasis). The body and skin are very sensitive to their pH levels. Outside the pH range compatible with life, the skin loses its ability to protect the body from environmental damage, enzymes lose their ability to function, and the body is unable to sustain organ system function. The pH is tightly regulated by a complex system that works to maintain an acidic skin pH and an alkaline pH for the body. The body and skin’s pH management system regulates circulation, breathing, kidney function, liver function, digestion, hormone function, immune system function, and the skin’s hydration control and barrier function. The management system is based on cellular communication as all cells have a certain function and the regulatory authority that controls the skin and body’s function is the pH. With age the efficiency of this pH regulating system decreases. The health of the skin and body is determined by products applied to the skin, by fluids we drink, by the food we eat, and by the air we breathe. The skin protects your internal clock against the aging process and you are the time-keeper.
All the regulatory systems and molecules (antioxidants, kidney cells, liver cells, etc.) serve the purpose of balancing the pH of the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 37.5103
Retrieved Text: When it comes to learning about hydroponics and aquaponics, it’s likely that you’ll run into a few unfamiliar terms. In particular, there’s a lot of mumbo-jumbo about pH—we know it’s important and we know that it affects the way our plants grow in the system. But what exactly does that mean; why does it have such a big impact on the success of our farms? Let’s dig into the chemistry a bit.
pH is a measure of acidity, which matters because nutrients are more or less available at different levels of acidity. That means you’ll need to find the sweet spot on the pH scale where all of the nutrients are available, and the plants are getting what they need.
pH is represented by a scale that ranges from 0 to 14 (0 being the most acidic and 14 being the most basic). The term “pH” stands for “potential hydrogen” because hydrogen ions (H+) and hydroxide ions (OH-) are what cause a solution to be basic or acidic. pH tests measure the concentration of these two substances in a solution. Because there are so many, measuring a number of hydroxide or hydrogen ions is not practical, so instead, pH is measured on a logarithmic scale (we’ll get to that shortly).
This is where things get more complicated. As you know, water is made up of hydrogen and oxygen. Two hydrogens, in fact. Pure water has a pH of 7, which means that it has an equal number of hydrogen and hydroxide ions because nothing else is in the water

########
Rank: 23
Score: 37.505272
Retrieved Text: To determine the pH of buffer solutions.
To measure the buffer capacity.
To know the correct techniques in handling of pH meter.
Buffers are compounds that resist changes in pH when a small amount of acid or base is added. Buffer solution is a solution that resists change in pH when a small amount of acid or base is added. Buffer solutions contain a weak acid and its conjugate base (salt) or a weak base and its conjugate acid. For buffer solution that contains weak acid and conjugate base, when a base is added to the solution it reacts with the weak acid to form more conjugate base. When an acid is added to the same solution, it reacts with conjugate base to form more weak acid. In both cases, the pH of solution will remain approximately constant since the number of hydroxide ions, OH- or hydrogen ions, H+ ions in solution is approximately constant.
Buffer capacity (?) is the amount of a strong acid or a strong base that has to be added to 1 litre of a buffer to cause pH change of 1.0 pH unit. The buffer capacity is highest when there are an equal amount of weak acid and conjugate base or weak base and conjugate acid.
The pH meter has been already switched on, checked and calibrated by technicians using standard buffer solutions pH 7.0 and 4.0. Any settings cannot be changed.
The electrode is resting in buffer of pH 7.00 (the green solution). For measurement of pH, the electrode is pulled out from the buffer pH

########
Rank: 24
Score: 37.43875
Retrieved Text: Dissolved carbon dioxide: Gases in liquid?
Atmospheric carbon dioxide (CO2) increased 40% from preindustrial levels to the early 21st century, ten times faster than has occured on Earth for millions of years.
The ocean surface layer absorbs about one third of human-released CO2.
Ocean acidity has increased about 25% from preindustrial times to the early 21st century, a pace faster than any known in Earth's geologic past.
The acidity of the ocean is greater than any point in the past two million years.
Until recently, the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere has fluctuated slightly and slowly during the past 10,000 years. However, the Industrial Revolution of the 1700s started a global adoption of fossil fuels to power human activity. The rate at which fossil fuels like coal, oil, and natural gas are burned has increased up until the present day. Burning fossil fuels releases carbon dioxide gas to the atmosphere, and the ever-increasing global use of fossil fuels has caused the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere to increase to a concentration that is higher than any time in the past 800,000 years. The cutting of forests for fuel or to clear land for agriculture over the past 200 years has contributed to higher carbon dioxide in the atmosphere because trees capture and store carbon dioxide.
Not only do higher atmospheric concentrations of carbon dioxide alter the Earth’s climate, they also shift ocean chemistry. This phenomenon is due to the fact that carbon dioxide in the air can dissolve into bodies of water.
As the amount of dissolved carbon dioxide

########
Rank: 25
Score: 37.344696
Retrieved Text: Using pH rather than concentration makes it easier to compare different solutions.
This equation describes the strength of an acid by indicating how readily the acid gives up its hydrogen.
Peripheral and central chemoreceptors increase ventilation in response to a fall in pH.
Right-shifted by a fall in pH.
Inotropy falls in acidosis due to a direct myocardial depressant effect. May be offset by increased SNS tone in low-grade acidosis. Alkalosis may increase inotropy by increasing responsiveness to circulating catecholamines.
Secondary to altered SNS tone and electrolytes.
H+ ions cannot cross the BBB, however CO2 can.
Chronic metabolic acidosis consumes bone phosphate to buffer H+ ions, causing osteoporosis.
Change in ion permeability will alter RMP, and therefore how easy it is to generate an action potential.
Due to decreased ionic dissociation of water.
Dissolving is typically (not always) an exothermic reaction. As the kinetic energy content of a molecule falls, its ability to dissociate from solution decreases.
There are two common methods for managing pH of significantly hypothermic patients (e.g., those on CPB): pH-stat and alpha-stat.
Chemlab. Solubility. Florida State University.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 37.301872
Retrieved Text: Help needed to increase pH? [Archive] - ShrimpNow !!!
ShrimpNow !!! > Shrimps > General Topics > Help needed to increase pH?
View Full Version : Help needed to increase pH?
Hi, it seems like most of the tread i found is on how to lower the pH but not increase it. Can anyone teach me how to increase pH?? I haven't checked out the pH of my tap water but it seems like water tends to slide towards the the region of pH 5. How can i increase it to push it back to pH 6-7 and stabilise it??
You can throw a bag of coral chips or introduce air into your tank. You won't see immediate effect, but it will definitely buffer your low pH.
I'm running air pump but don't see much effect. How does air works to help improve the pH value???
Where can i get hold of coral chips and how does it look like?? I just went to some fish farms today but they don't seem to know how to increase pH except introducing me to those quick and easy chemicals. I heard before putting coral chips would help but would it be able to improve the pH or just increase the kh to create the buffer to prevent pH from dropping?? And how does it works??? How much should i put for every gallon of water?? And how would i know when to change it or wat difference would i see when the coral chips no longer has any effects on the water????
Why do you

########
Rank: 27
Score: 37.28682
Retrieved Text: Alkaline water is nothing but water with a pH value higher than 7. Many medical experts and researches in this field believe that alkaline water is good for people with excess acidity as it helps in neutralizing excess acid in the body. This neutralizing effect reduces the acidity and helps in preventing and controlling in several diseases that are caused by high acid reflux like heart diseases, digestion related problems, arthritis, lack of immunity etc. There are many benefits of drinking alkaline water and there are several ways to make alkaline water. We will answer all this and more right here and right now.
If you are drinking water with low pH value and are facing any health problems related to acidity then you should need for alkaline water.
There are several ways to make alkaline water or in other words to increase the pH value or alkaline nature of water by using special alkaline filters, and additives that increase the pH levels, changing the pH value of water from neutral to alkaline.
3. Adding pH Drops – You can buy a bottle of pH drops medical store near you & read instruction for use.
4. Add an Alkaline Filter to Your Water Purifier – Add a alkaline filter in your water purifier.
How to Test pH Value or Alkalinity?
pH value of water can easily be tested using a piece of litmus paper, simply dip the pH strip/litmus paper in the water, let it sit for a moment, and then compare the color of litmus paper against the standard pH color

########
Rank: 28
Score: 37.259254
Retrieved Text: The change in color is too similar and it is difficult to judge.
This review is about item#33139714.
The reaction was good, and it was possible to check the concentration of the solution which could not be measured with a pH tester. pH 3.6 to 6.1 is one that reacts, so it is a bit hard to use.
This review is about item#33139662.
Although it enters 100 sheets, it is more thankful if it enters into a pack and becomes a subdivision.
This review is about item#33139644.
Chinese made the color of the reagent is transferred to the object, but this is not such a thing and it can be used with confidence. The price is high, but I choose this one.
It is very convenient for managing the pH value of water-soluble cutting fluid. Since it can be used easily even when the number of machines is large, speedy work becomes possible.
This review is about item#33139696.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 37.16706
Retrieved Text: Received: 29 Sep 2017; Published: 31 Mar 2019.
This research was conducted to calculate the mass transfer coefficient value for ozonation reaction of κ-carrageenan solution in the bubble column reactor. Ozone gas was produced using ozone generator type corona discharge. In this study, operating conditions were regulated at ozone gas flow rate 2- 5 L min-1, pH 4-10, and temperature 29 ± 1 oC. Samples were tested every 5 minutes to determine the dissolved ozone concentration. The results showed that dissolved ozone concentrations increased with increasing ozonation time and ozone gas flow rate. However, a very high gas flow rate can increase turbulence so that the mass transfer coefficient (kLa) value decreased. In alkaline conditions, the formation of free radicals (HO*) increases so that the amount of dissolved ozone decreases. The kLa value of ozone gas in κ-carrageenan solution is slightly lower than the kLa value of the ozone gas in the water. The results of this study indicate that (kLa) ozone gas in water is 0.131 / minute while the value (kLa) in κ-carrageenan solution is 0.128 / minute.
How to cite (Vancouver): Prasetyaningrum A, Kusumaningtyas D, Suseno P, Ratnawati R. Effect of pH and Gas Flow Rate on Ozone Mass Transfer of Κ-Carrageenan Solution in Bubble Column Reactor. Reaktor [Online]. 2019 Mar;18(04):177-182. https://doi.org/10.14710/reaktor.18.04.177-182.
How to cite (Harvard): Prasetyaningrum, A., Kusumaningtyas, D., Suseno, P., and Ratnawati, R., 2019. Effect of pH and Gas Flow Rate on Ozone Mass Transfer of Κ-Carrageenan Solution in Bubble Column Reactor. Reaktor, [Online] Volume 18(04), pp. 177-182. https://doi.org/10.14710/reaktor.18.04.177-182 [##plugins.citationFormats.harvard.accessed## 23 Apr. 2019].
How to

================



======= Instance Index 26 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are more offspring or less offspring ):

Genotypes with greater fitness produce more offspring and pass more copies of their alleles to the next generation.


If a dog is extremely unfit and unhealthy breeders will want it to have more offspring or less offspring?

Target Text: less offspring

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 33.52615
Retrieved Text: HAVING TROUBLE FINDING AN APPROPRIATE DOG FOOD FOR GREAT DANES?
There is no product that is just dog food for great danes. And it’s a very important issue. Danes are delicate – their stomachs upset fairly easily. Their rate of growth makes them extremely vulnerable to bone disease brought on by improper balance in diet. And as an adult, if your great dane doesn’t get the kind of nutrition in its dog food a giant breed needs (not a large breed – a giant breed), it will have a much higher chance of succumbing to liver diseases, cancer and other medical conditions.
Remember – our danes are only with us for 8 to 10 years anyway – no one who has ever been owned by one would want to shorten this time or take away quality of life unnecessarily. Therefore, dog food for great danes needs to cater to the unique requirements of the breed.
So, if there is no dog food specifically designed for the great dane, how can we ensure we are feeding correctly? Good question, well asked! Unfortunately,it is not so easy to come up with an answer everyone agrees on.
Surprisingly perhaps, veterinarians don’t know. They don’t get trained in canine nutrition so they can’t claim any more specialized knowledge than you. Even more surprisingly, many breeders don’t agree on a common approach in great dane feeding. Some swear by a processed premium dog food (dry and/or wet), some will only feed raw dog food (BARF, or Biologically Appropriate Raw Food) and some home cook their

########
Rank: 1
Score: 33.119892
Retrieved Text: Pitbulls are one of the most attractive dog breeds, and that is why you will find many pet lovers having them. If you need a friendly dog to keep indoors, then a pitbull is the best choice. However, when you want to buy a puppy pitbull, it is advisable that you pay attention to the following aspects or else you risk purchasing a puppy that resembles a pitbull.
Choose the best pitbull breed – Interestingly, many people love pitbulls, but they are not aware of their different types of breeds. If you do not know about pitbull breeds, it is possible to settle for puppy breed on sale. Some of the most popular pitbull breeds include the blue nose pitbull, the red nose pitbull, Staffordshire pitbull and chocolate pitbull. Thoroughly research about pitbull breeds and identify the one which is appropriate for your needs. If you are not conversant with pitbull breeds, you can find several informative resources on the internet to educate you.
Medical tests – Puppy pitbulls require special treatment from the time of birth as they grow. The dogs require close medical attention and different drugs should be administered to then at different stages of growth. If a breeder does not attend to the pitbull puppies properly, then you will buy an unhealthy puppy which might not survive a long time. The best pitbull breeders ensure that they are properly treated, and they will not hesitate to provide medical reports of various puppies available. Apart from the medical history, take time to examine the puppies

########
Rank: 2
Score: 32.999184
Retrieved Text: These people are incredibly passionate about rescue, and they work tirelessly to make sure every dog finds a home. Nothing is as rewarding to these heroes as a successful adoption!Please help these healthy pets, before looking at a Goldendoodle puppies breeder, or a Goldendoodle puppy for sale search our Goldendoodle adoption database at this page!Adoption Means a Healthier Goldendoodle as You’re PetShelters have dogs of all breeds, including purebred Goldendoodles. These dogs sometimes end up in shelters because a Goldendoodle dog breeder, or someone who had Goldendoodle puppies sale was not able to find a home for all the dogs. These people are sometimes called "backyard" breeders. These are people who make some easy cash by breeding purebred Goldendoodles over and over then try to make easy cash by posting Goldendoodles puppies for sale in newspaper classified ads. Remember that most of these backyard Goldendoodle dog breeders don't know about breeding for favorable health and temperament qualities, and they don't know how to raise a properly socialized litter. Many of the Goldendoodle dog breeders wean litters from their mothers way too soon. Sometimes, a backyard Goldendoodles puppies breeder turns into small time puppy mill to increase their supply so you can find Goldendoodle puppies for sale all the time in order for profits to grow. What are puppy mills?A puppy mill is basically a purebred puppy factory farm where the puppies are just churned out as fast as they can in order to have, for example, as many Goldendoodle dogs for sale as possible. The dogs

########
Rank: 3
Score: 32.809162
Retrieved Text: Weimaraner breeders who have experience and ethics, breed healthy, strong pups with good genetic traits. So how do you find a good one?
The truth is that, the dog breeder that you choose, can mean the difference between having a healthy, happy dog and many years of fun together—and a sickly dog who requires frequent visits to the vet, and costs you thousands of dollars in medical expenses.
So how do you find a good one? The answer is simple. Taking the time to do your homework to find a quality Weimaraner breeder, is worth every minute that you will spend on it!
Weimaraner breeders take care to breed healthy puppies.
Good dog breeders have a number of things in common, and asking just a few questions will help you understand if a breeder meets your standards.
Is the breeder a member of a Weimaraner club? Weimaraner breeders should be actively involved in some type of Weimaraner organization.
Are the puppies’ parents at least two years old? This means that they have had time to mature, and that they have not developed genetic diseases in that time.
Are the Weimaraner puppies AKC (American Kennel Club) registered? To be AKC registered, they must meet certain standards. Other kinds of registrations may not require any minimum standards. An AKC Limited Registration is issued for non-breeding puppies that will be strictly for pets—not for showing or breeding.
Will you receive a written contract? You should have a guarantee of good health and there should be a specific way to resolve any issues that arise. For example, if

########
Rank: 4
Score: 32.400097
Retrieved Text: You can find reliable blue American pit bull terrier kennels in many easily accessible places these days. The most common of them being the internet. The internet offers many web sites dedicated to helping you find proper care for your American pit bull terrier. These sites will list many kennels in your area that will be more than willing to take good care of your dog. These web sites may even offer a feature that will allow you to rate or read the ratings that previous customers have left. This can be invaluable when trying to decide where to leave your American pit bull terrier.
Blue American pit bull terrier kennels will offer a range of services to keep your American pit bull terrier happy during his or her stay at the kennel. They will receive a long walk and exercise once a day, three square meals a day and they will also get to socialise with other dogs during their stay. This will all be very good to calm the dog down, who will no doubt be stressing from being left in a strange environment by his owner.
When searching for reliable blue American pit bull terrier kennels, don’t be afraid to ask around for advice. Your family, friends or neighbours may have important information that could sway your decision either way. There is no more relevant information than that of past customers. They should be able to give you the best indication of which blue American pit bull terrier kennels will suit you and your dog

########
Rank: 5
Score: 32.38588
Retrieved Text: Not all dog breeders are the same. It’s important to understand the differences between responsible breeders who invest in your puppy’s mental and physical health, breeders chasing the almighty dollar (looking for financial gain) and uneducated breeders.
Many potential pet parents assume reputable breeders charge more for their puppies. This is not true. In 25 years of experience, I’ve noticed non-reputable breeders charging the same amount or more, and they have a lower overhead because they don’t health test or take puppies back.
Responsible breeders lose money because they’ve invested so much in the beginning. Health testing one adult dog costs between $350-$600, depending on the amount of inheritable diseases plaguing a breed. As you read the requirements for a reputable breeder, keep a mental note of cost. You’ll quickly realize they’re not breeding dogs for profit, but they breed dogs to improve the breed–that’s their motive (currency).
Reputable breeders only breed dogs when they want a puppy so they may breed a few times a year. Unethical and uneducated breeders churn out unlimited amounts of puppies, which attracts impatient pet owners.
Oi, I can’t tell you how many people have asked my advice when searching for a breeder. They listen, take notes and ask lots of questions, then they stubble upon a kind lady (who doesn’t health test or so forth) with puppies on the ground and impatience wins.
Responsible breeders are educated and follow specific guidelines, as they’re looking to better the breed instead of making money.
If someone doesn’t meet the below requirements, keep looking.
All dog breeds (even mixed)

########
Rank: 6
Score: 31.27725
Retrieved Text: United Online Pure Breeders in Santa Rosa California welcome you! are you looking for a specific pure breed puppy breed? If so visit the city that is closest to you then select the dog breed you are searching for to find the verified dog breeder in your area. We have dog breeders of all kinds but most of all the dog breeds you will find on our site are ALL pure breed dogs. No designer breeds, no mixed breeds and no mixed litters! simply put the breeders on our site are pure breed dog breeders and that is it! So enjoy checking out the breeders we have listed here in California.
SORRY we currently do not have any dog breeders listed with us in the Santa Rosa California Area. Want To be the First? Sign up today!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 31.241098
Retrieved Text: Whether you are a first-time dog owner or a seasoned dog breeder, we are committed to empowering you with the registration services, canine education, and practical resources you need. As a registry founded by dog breeders, we understand the economical and legislative challenges that breeders face. We provide ongoing support and affordable services to make the business of breeding a bit simpler. Our membership experience is equally rewarding for dog owners, including valuable benefits and resources to ensure a lifetime of faithful canine companionship.
CKC is an all-breed canine registry and an organization comprised of educated dog owners, experienced breeders, dog training experts, and professional partners who specialize in important aspects of canine care and breeding. Established by a small group of passionate dog breeders in 1991, we have continued to provide both breeders and owners with quality canine registration services and a superior membership experience. We are dedicated to empowering breeders, educating dog owners, enhancing breeds, and supporting the extraordinary bond between dogs and humans.
A breed standard should not just be a blueprint for a dog breed; it should be an outline for an optimally functioning organism. In addition to breed preservation, CKC is dedicated to improving the breed health and quality of our dogs' lives. Our breed standards are written to encompass all of the healthy physical attributes that make each breed unique while allowing breeders and owners the freedom to move away from detrimental and unhealthy conformation practices that have plagued purebred dogs for decades.
CKC maintains accurate and secure records in order to provide

########
Rank: 8
Score: 31.221922
Retrieved Text: Home / Blog / Puppy Mill Breeders: The TRUTH Revealed!
Do we really understand what factors make a breeder a ‘puppy mill breeder’? Are all the places you might think of as ‘puppy mills’ inherently evil places? We want to help all of you fellow dog lovers understand what sets apart a good breeder from a bad breeder and how we can all avoid getting our puppy from uncaring breeders. ‘Puppy Mill’, two words that fill all dog lovers with horror! Puppy Mill Breeders only interested in money, all with unhealthy, uncared for dogs. But is it all as simple as that? We all love our dogs, but in our love have we gone too far in labeling so many places as puppy mills without understanding enough about the individual breeder?
Some would argue that a clear sign of a puppy mill is a breeder with too many litters, born too often, so they can sell as many as possible. But exactly how much is too much? Is one breeder with 20 mating pairs, producing 20 litters a year, too many? You would certainly think so, after all how could one breeder properly care for so many puppies. But where do you start saying how much is too much? Who decides this? You can argue that 20 litters from 20 females is not as bad as just 1 female having 2 litters in both her gestation periods in a year. This could be considered more unethical than having too many litters, as you are giving the dam no

########
Rank: 9
Score: 31.023165
Retrieved Text: My dog is from a puppy mill. Last Christmas, in my haste to ensure the perfect puppy for my six-year old daughter, I went to what I thought was a network of reputable breeders. I even consulted the NJ Better Business Bureau to make sure they were for real and found there were no complaints on this organization.
Calling themselves National Breeders Association or American Breeders Network, this Middletown, NJ, pet store sells more than 2,500 dogs a year to customers who believe the dogs are from reputable breeders.
When meeting my puppy for the first time I was told that she "came in a little higher" than what was written on my deposit slip -- $500 above the already high price -- due to her "lines and her breeding." Not being able to bear the thought of my daughter's disappointment if I went home empty handed, I decided that the added cost was worth it since she came with lifetime training, shots, and a health guarantee.
The next morning at my vet, I learned she had numerous infections that are consistent with dogs that come from puppy mills. Three appointments and $250 later, she was healthy again.
A journalist by trade, I decided to do some real research on this company and found dozens of similar complaints. I also located the puppy farm in Missouri where our dog was born. Furious about what they were doing to consumers, I wrote to the Better Business Bureau. My complaint was answered by the president of the company who refused to do

########
Rank: 10
Score: 30.596775
Retrieved Text: Empowered Puppy Program | Please No Fat Puppies!
26 Nov Please No Fat Puppies!
What is it about that roily poly puppy that makes us want to snuggle with them and laugh at what they do? Maybe the reason people feel that way, is they think it is comforting or funny, I’m not sure. In all actuality it is very unhealthy for a puppy to be overweight. Young puppies grow so fast that it is imperative that they have the right nutrition from the start to avoid problems as they age.
The average golden retriever will go from 14 ounces to over 65 pounds in just a year. Some English Labradors will even go higher! With that comes various growth stages and growth spurts the puppy will go through. The definition of a “large breed puppy” is a puppy that will grow to be over 55 pounds by the time they are full grown which is generally between ten and twenty four months depending upon the breed. I have heard of many breeders recommending adult dog food for new puppies. The dog food companies are calling it “Life Stage Nutrition”. Breeders are telling new owners that the grain free adult formulas are the best for the dogs, especially large breed dogs such as the golden retriever. There is much discrepancy on this issue as to what are the best foods to feed a puppy. For us here at Training Canines, we base our views on scientific information, not hearsay.
One myth we have come across on several Internet websites, is

########
Rank: 11
Score: 30.553015
Retrieved Text: We do not personally breed our puppies, but our breeders have been associated with us for many years and breed specifically for us. Most of our breeders are in Gippsland and southern NSW. All breeders must comply with the Code Of Practice and hold a Domestic Animal Licence. Having this close contact has been great as we have instigated educational programs regarding feeding, socialising, parasite control, vaccination and so on to ensure consistency and optimum health.
We do not breed from unhealthy dogs – not only are we animal lovers it would be poor business practice to do so as all our dogs are health guaranteed.
We sometimes have enquiries about our full-time breeders and concerns about the care of these dogs. We can assure you that all dogs and their puppies receive the best care. For example, our largest breeder employs 8 staff who are with the dogs 7 days a week and these dogs love the companionship of their human carers and doggy friends. They receive daily exercise and the bigger dogs get to play in a large area including swims in the 20 acre dam. There is a 2 acre paddock the smaller ones play in and chase rabbit trails. They are all fed a quality diet, wormed, microchipped, flea treated and vaccinated and clipped if long coated. They are social and friendly. In fact when Don Burke visited he commented that he had never seen such happy and well adjusted dogs at any breeders, and that dogs love an environment of companionship and human

########
Rank: 12
Score: 30.410097
Retrieved Text: Also erroneously called “English” Labradors, the type of Lab seen in the show ring looks quite different from the dogs typically seen in field trials. Show bred Labs tend to be stockier dogs with heavier bone, broader skulls, a thick otter tail, and shorter muzzle. They often have a calmer temperament and are less energetic than their field line counterparts.
The calmer nature can make them easier for a pet home to handle, particularly if they are not equipped to deal with a high energy dog. The tendency to be stocky to begin with though is exasperated by the lesser amount of exercise received in many homes due to work schedules. This tends to result in obese Labs which is extremely unhealthy.
The field trial lines tend to produce a dog that is leggier, leaner, and often has a longer and pointier muzzle. They have lost the trademark otter tail and often lack a double coat as well which would serve them well when retrieving from cold water. Because the field dogs are bred with speed and field ability in mind, rather than to a specific breed standard, they can vary more in general appearance.
Field bred Labs are often much higher energy dogs and need lots of daily exercise. They’re a good choice for a family that is quite active but would likely drive a quieter family crazy. Additionally, exercise induced collapse (EIC) is seen more often in field trial lines than in show lines although all breeders should be testing for it, regardless of which type they

########
Rank: 13
Score: 30.220438
Retrieved Text: • Portuguese Water Dog breeders are listed below alphabetically by State / city.
• Click on underlined words to find Portuguese Water Dog puppies for sale.
• Please tell the Portuguese Water Dog breeders with puppies for sale that you found them on BreedersClub.net.
Bred in Portugal to aid fisherman, the Portuguese Water Dog is an excellent swimmer and diver, strong, a loyal worker and obedient companion. A very intelligent and active breed, Portuguese Water Dogs need daily exercise. Its hypoallergenic coat needs maintenance such as clipping and brushing. This breed is a member of the AKC Working Group.
Our dogs are very intelligent family pets. They are extremely loyal and loving dogs. They also would be outstanding hunting companions. All of our dogs are raised with children and are socialized to other dogs. Before they leave our home they are vet checked, have their dewclaws removed, are vaccinated, and wormed.
We live on a 2 acre property in beautiful Paradise Pa! Our dogs and puppies are raised in our home and are well socialized. We invite our clients to come out anytime and spend time with us and our puppies. We will walk you through the adoption process and make it as seamless as possible. We have 5 children and we love to make interaction with our dogs a part of our families routine. Our puppies come vet checked, registered, one year health guarantee. We would love to meet you so feel free to reach out anytime!
This breed directory page features Portuguese Water Dog breeders with puppies and/or adult dogs

########
Rank: 14
Score: 30.001543
Retrieved Text: Short of adopting at a shelter, one attached to the best ways to get a dog often is to go through a fabulous breeder. You will seek to choose carefully toward ensure that you get the best pet possible. Here are a range of tips to find a brand new good dog breeder.
Before you sometimes even seek out a trustworthy breeder, you will need to figure out exactly what shape of breed your family want from most of the many possibilities. Imagine various things type of as your schedule, the breed’s everyday temperament, and moreover health problems that the breed oftentimes has to negotiate with. After making your choice, you can search to achieve a breeder who will works with this.
When attempting to discover a reputable dog breeder, you can need – interview any potential campaigners. Experience is not very everything, simply obviously a good deal experience is going to be better. Also, make definite that yourself select any kind of breeder the person is registered with the actual naturally established organization. About those while the U.S., one involved with the some important is going to be the Our Kennel Club, or AKC.
As stated previously, sure breeds be limited from likely health hassles more than others. Specific is something that should inquiry when trying to understand on a complete dog breed. You will most likely want which can ask ones breeder in case he could familiar containing these inbuilt health downfalls. Plenty of good breeders conduct genetic testing to offer any guarantee for its health associated

########
Rank: 15
Score: 29.91826
Retrieved Text: The story every pet store seller would try to sell you: their dogs are the healthiest, they’re different and come from great local breeders. The obvious truth is that their statements are mostly false. Think about it: No caring, loving breeder would want to give up their pups to a store.
Let’s get logical, if breeders give their puppies to pet stores, they’d be sentencing them to live in crowded cages until they’re adopted. The puppies would now be exposed to all kinds of illnesses and bacteria from surrounding pets. Any breeder and owner of puppies wouldn’t just hand their precious dogs over to someone not knowing where they’ll end up or what kind of life they’re about to live. They would worry about their dogs being sent to homes that aren’t fit for them by a store clerk who doesn’t care about these poor souls but only the money they get out of them.
Just because pet shop employees say something, doesn’t necessarily mean it’s the truth. For all we know they could twist the reality of events, or hide things or even lie – after all, they work at the place and get money for it. The fact is that most pet stores get their puppies from commercial breeders and puppy mills that know no responsibility and carry no emotions towards those furry friendly beings.
Some use the USDA as camouflage, claiming they only buy from licensed breeders. Well, here’s the problem: The United States Department of Agriculture is just that, it doesn’t know much about dogs

########
Rank: 16
Score: 29.756926
Retrieved Text: Bailey "almost died the next day" after he was bought from Little Rascals.
A council received more than 30 complaints over the past five years about a Lincoln dog breeders before it was raided by police and RSPCA.
Little Rascals Pets in Brant Broughton near Lincoln, was raided on Tuesday, November 13 after concerns were raised for the welfare of the animals.
As a result of the operation, there were 94 dogs taken from the premises into the care of the RSPCA.
The breeders, now trading as Puppies at Home, are being investigated by the animal welfare charity.
In an investigation by The Lincolnite, a freedom of information request was submitted to North Kesteven District Council.
The request revealed how the council had been flooded with over 35 complaints about sick and dying puppies before it was raided.
In 2015, the council visited the dog breeding premises after receiving a complaint but no problems were found.
But for the majority of complaints, the council didn’t take any further action and simply offered some advice.
Several pet owners have spoken out about dying animals and expensive vet bills after buying dogs from the breeders.
Emily Louise Moreton told The Lincolnite about her horror experience with Little Rascals Pets.
She said: “I bought Bailey in May 2016 and he nearly died the next day. He had a severe kennel cough which had turned into pneumonia.
“We have since discovered a genetic spinal condition which will leave him lame. This is a result of breeding unhealthy parents.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 29.587362
Retrieved Text: On this website we recommend many pictures abaout Danish Swedish Farm Dog Breeders that we have collected from various sites luckykazoo.com, and of course what we recommend is the most excellent of picture for Danish Swedish Farm Dog Breeders. If you like the picture on our website, please do not hesitate to visit again and get inspiration from our website.
And if you want to see more images more we recommend the gallery below, you can see the picture as a reference design from your Danish Swedish Farm Dog Breeders.
Thank you for seeing gallery of Danish Swedish Farm Dog Breeders, we would be very happy if you come back.
Similar Keyword Danish Swedish Farm Dog Breeders : danish swedish farm dog breeders, danish swedish farmdog breeders, and more.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 29.579975
Retrieved Text: Every dog lover has their own idea of what the prettiest or most adorable breeds of dog are. Some people go nuts for the tiniest, fluffiest little toy breed. Others love larger, handsome dogs like Shepherds and Great Danes.
Some will be drawn to the nature of a loyal hound while others fall for the goofy side of the pitbull. Then there are those that love specific traits like blue eyes, fluffy white fur or blue noses.
Therefore, a blue nose pitbull will be a must-own pup for many dog owners. These animals are beautiful – especially when the blue genes extend to their coat and eyes.
The problem is that there are some misconceptions about these blue nose dogs. These misconceptions and myths have the potential to cause confusion and harm the reputation of the breed. It is important that we see these animals for what they are. This guide aims to expose some of those myths about this type of pit bull and explain what this dog is really like.
Below are 15 facts about blue nose pitbulls.
They are not a separate breed of dog and share a lot in common with “normal” pits.
They may be the same breed, but there are some small differences between black, blue and red-nosed dogs.
1. Blue nose pitbulls are still your ordinary pitbull.
Let’s start with one of the most important, basic facts about this dog. This is not a different breed of pitbull. Some breeder will try and convince you that they are – but this isn’t the case at all. This

########
Rank: 19
Score: 29.17736
Retrieved Text: The Haldenstover is a fairly new breed that was developed in Norway during the 20th century. It was created by crossing various sighthounds and scenthounds in hopes of developing an excellent hunting dog. The resulting dogs excelled in tracking and retrieving small game such as rabbits and foxes in all types of weather. The breed standard for the Haldenstover was established during the 1950s; however, it was not recognized by the United Kennel Club until 2006. Today, the breed continues to be a popular hunting dog. Nevertheless, it is considered a rare breed and is seldom seen outside of Norway.
The Haldenstover was developed in Norway to hunt such small game as hares, rabbits and foxes. This is a breed of dog that is known by a variety of different names including the Haldenstover, Halden, Halden Hound and the Haldenstovare. The Haldenstover is a somewhat medium-sized hound that can weigh anywhere between 40 and 55 pounds fully grown. They have short stiff hair that is white with black patches and brown or tan shadings. This is a muscular dog with long floppy ears, a long tail, a square muzzle and dark-colored eyes. Personality: The Haldenstover is an active dog that was developed in Norway to hunt a variety of small game. These dogs are quite friendly and affectionate making them great family pets. Nevertheless, if you choose to add one of these dogs to your family, you will want to be sure to provide it with plenty of toys and exercise. While Haldenstovers have strong hunting instincts,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 29.13394
Retrieved Text: If you decide to get a puppy from a breeder it is very important that you spend the time looking for a good breeder. Please take a moment to read the information about Puppy Mills! You can get recommendations from friends and breed clubs — some veterinarians are also willing to make recommendations. Once you have a list of prospective breeders, you should do an initial phone screening. If the phone screening goes well, arrange a visit so you can look at the conditions where the dogs are being raised and meet the mother and other dogs. You can also ask for references of other owner’s who have adopted pups from the breeder in the past.
You’ll probably have to wait awhile before you can get your puppy — many good breeders have homes waiting before the pups are born. It is well worth the wait to find the right breeder and the right puppy. You and the dog will likely be together for the next twelve years! Also, don’t look for a “bargain” priced puppy — the purchase price of the dog is little compared with the cost of vet bills and heartache of an unhealthy puppy.
Is knowledgable about the breed — including both temperment and heredity problems common to the breed. It is not enough to “love” the dogs, you also want a breeder who knows all about the breed.
Understands genetics and is breeding responsibly to further the health and well-being of the breed. A good breeder has tested all her dogs, knows and can

########
Rank: 21
Score: 28.968424
Retrieved Text: The Austrian Hound is a medium-sized dog that originated in Austria and was commonly used to track hares and foxes. They are known by a variety of names including Austrian Hounds, Austrian Black and Tan Hounds, Austrian Smooth-Haired Hounds, Brackes, Brandlbrackes, Osterreichisches and Glatthaariges. The Austrian Hound is one of three scenthounds that were developed in Austria to hunt hares and foxes. In Austria, Austrian Hounds are known as Brandlbrackes, which is a German for fire hounds. They used this name because of the bright red markings in some of the dogs' coats. It is thought that Austrian Hounds are descendants of ancient Celtic Hounds, which were found throughout the Alps during the Middle Ages. Many people believe that Celtic Hounds were crossed with the Jura Hound from Switzerland and the Saint Hubert Hound of Belgium to create the Austrian Hound that we know today.
Austrian Hounds are medium-sized dogs that can weigh anywhere from 33 to 49 pounds as adults. These are short-haired dogs that are black with red, tan or rust markings. They have long ears, a long tail and brown or hazel-colored eyes. This is a muscular breed of dog, and males are typically larger than females. Personality: Austrian Hounds are extremely obedient dogs that are very affectionate and loyal to their humans. While this breed is used mainly for hunting purposes, it makes an excellent family pet as well. However, if you choose to bring an Austrian Hound into your home, you need to make sure that you provide it with plenty of

########
Rank: 22
Score: 28.967398
Retrieved Text: Choosing Sheltie Breeders That Know About Their Dogs " "
Sheltie breeders that breed dogs for good reasons, such as to improve the line of the purebred and because they generally love the animal and want them to be the best they can be, are the only shetland sheepdog breeders you should deal with. You should never consider obtaining a sheltie puppy from any other source because there is no guarantee that these canines are physically and mentally healthy.
It is imperative that you find out if the person you are considering purchasing from is a legitimate breeder and not sheltie breeders who are simply in the business for the money, such as those who run puppy mills. This is a mass dog-breeding operation that keeps the animals they breed in deplorable conditions (I.E. confined in small areas/cages in unregulated temperatures with no human companionship or veterinarian care). The dogs used for breeding are often discarded or euthanized when they can no longer produce a litter. Unfortunately, these despicable organizations and people have existed for decades.
Puppies from these mills are typically found in pet shops, flea markets or are sold on the Internet. No decent shetland sheepdog breeders will sell or supply these places with their pups. In other words, you should never purchase from any of these locations, just as you should never trust anyone who sells a dog out of their car or backyard.
– Where they were born.
– What type of environment they were raised in. It shouldn’t be a small cage.
– If they have been

########
Rank: 23
Score: 28.935497
Retrieved Text: Choosing a dog or puppy is very exciting, but it can also be very daunting. Before you start looking for your next best friend, here are a few things to think about.
When choosing a dog, it is important to remember that owning a dog can be a 10 to 15-year commitment. Honestly assess your lifestyle and situation to determine whether you are ready.
Fostering a dog or puppy from an assistance dog or guide dog association could be a good way of finding out if you are ready.
How much time do you have to spend with your dog? There are dogs suitable for houses with yards, apartments, allergy sufferers, retirees, single people, families, etc. But no dog is suitable for someone who does not have any time to devote to their dog or puppy. Dog owners should have time for socialisation, exercise and training.
Check the dog’s energy levels and exercise requirements. Working dogs, like border collies, will not suit households with busy lifestyles. They need a lot of mental and physical stimulation. Jack Russell’s may be small, but they are bundles of energy that need exercise.
Costs include food, vet bills (worming, vaccinations, heart worm prevention), flea and tick control, training, council registration, insurance, equipment (leads, collars, etc) and possibly professional grooming and pet resorts or pet sitters when you are away on holidays.
size – do you want a small, medium or large dog?
coat – do you want a dog with a long coat that requires daily grooming?
temperament – do you want a dog for companionship, assistance, protection,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 28.911608
Retrieved Text: Before I chose my dog Max, a beautiful black and white Australian shepherd, I really did my homework. I took online dog breed quizzes to find ones that matched my lifestyle. I visited shelters and local rescue groups and looked at multiple breeds of all ages, but still couldn’t find the perfect pooch for my needs (and my cat’s). Ultimately I decided to go the purebred puppy route, which meant finding a dog breeder I could trust. After much research, here’s what I learned about finding a reputable dog breeder that can match you up with your new best friend.
As you begin your search for a reputable breeder, there are a few fantastic resources you should consider before perusing directories online, which can be full of “backyard breeders,” who unfortunately may be more interested in earning money than bettering a breed (more on that below). One of the best things you can do is to check with national or local organizations, such as the American Kennel Club, which has local chapters. Family, friends, coworkers and neighbors are also great sources for referrals, as is your local veterinarian.
Once you have a list of breeders to contact, here are 10 ways to tell when you’ve found a responsible one.
He/she is very knowledgeable about the breed, and focuses on raising only one or two different types of breeds. The breeder also should not constantly have one or more litters available; this may be a sign of the “backyard breeder” mentioned above, which means you may end up with a

########
Rank: 25
Score: 28.73857
Retrieved Text: You’ve decided that you want to buy a dog, you’ve chosen the breed and now you want to find a good breeder. But how do you know if they are a good breeder?
Reputable breeders breed dogs for the love of the breed, not for the money. They are knowledgeable about the breed they represent and can help with behavioural and physical issues that might come up later. These breeders socialize their puppies early on, breed in good traits and breed out bad ones and they can show you your puppies’ parents and give you their history.
If you are looking at getting a pure breed the most common place to look is on the Breed Club websites. Jase and I have relied on the Golden Retriever Club of Victoria website. They give you all the information you need; they list all reputable breeders and give you lots of information on the breed, choosing a dog and on breeders with upcoming litters.
Mix breeds are a little harder so please make sure to do the research, go visit them, ask them all the questions below, and make sure they are breeding for the right reasons.
What questions should I ask the breeders to know if they are good breeders?
1) Are you a registered breeder?
For example, a registered breeder in Victoria, Australia, must be a member of DOGS Victoria, the controlling body for pure breed dogs.
2) Has a vet has been involved?
Mother and pups must be fully vaccinated and wormed.
3) Have the parents been checked for inherited disorders?
Some medical conditions have

########
Rank: 26
Score: 28.715775
Retrieved Text: There is often a belief that breeders are rolling in money and breed dogs solely for profit. This is rarely the case when you look at the costs involved in breeding a nice puppy. So, how much should a purebred dog cost? Keep reading.
How is the cost of a puppy determined?
Show and hobby breeders usually charge the same amount for a puppy that they pay for a stud fee. So, if the stud fee is $500, then they will charge $500 for a puppy. This is a general guideline for most breeders, though there are always exceptions. Lots of titles are certainly nice, but health clearances, temperament, conformation, siblings and other offspring, and pedigree matter more for the parents of a litter than titles. A good dog who has wonderful brothers and sisters, with lots of good health clearances, is a better bet as a stud dog than a gorgeous dog with lots of titles from a poor family. The gorgeous dog is probably a fluke and less likely to pass along his good traits. A knowledgeable breeder will sometimes choose to breed to a dog who doesn’t even have a title if s/he feels the dog has some other important quality. But be sure you are dealing with a knowledgeable breeder and not someone who is simply tossing dogs together in order to avoid paying a stud fee.
If you are calculating that breeders make lots of money with big litters, think again. A litter with lots of puppies means there are lots of mouths to

########
Rank: 27
Score: 28.65175
Retrieved Text: I am only looking for a pet.
I have no intentions on showing.
I just want a healthy happy puppy.
I do not even understand pedigrees. Who cares?
You always here "I only want a pet why should I care about the puppies pedigree?".... Well... There are many reasons why an impressive pedigree makes a difference. The puppy that you decide to purchase comes not only from the breeder that you buy from, but that puppy comes from the breedings of all the other breeders on your puppies pedigree. The farther back you go, the less significant that breeders influence is, but the results of years of breeding DOES influence the health of your puppy in either a positive or a negative way. Not only does it reflect the health of your puppy, it also helps determine the disposition of your puppy.
In order to finish a dog as a Champion, that dog has to be judged by several different judges at several different shows. In order to win over the judges, that dog has to have more than just certain physical qualities. The dog also has to have a great personality. A dog's temperament is not only influenced by the way the breeder raised the puppy or the way the owner finished raising the puppy into a dog. The temperament also has a lot to do with the temperament of the ancestors. Show dogs that strut their tails high and proud and are the star of any room they enter do not get that way as a result of improper

########
Rank: 28
Score: 28.60165
Retrieved Text: With so many dog breeders its very easy to find a Yorkshire Terrier, but to find a healthy one that represents the breed the way it should, you should choose your Yorkie breeder carefully. To do this, you will have to be able to tell a good Yorkshire Terrier from a bad Yorkshire Terrier, also you will have to be able to tell a good breeder from a average breeder. We all want a great looking healthy pet. Looks and certainly health is vital and partly heritable.
No breeder can ensure a dog will live a lengthy and healthy life, but you can undoubtedly increase the likelihood of this by choosing a good breeder. Ask about your Yorkie puppies pedigree which would include your puppies ancestors. With yorkshire terriers there seems to be conditions that they are predisposed to Legg-Calve-Perthes, patellar luxation, portosystemic shunts, tracheal collapse and bladder stones. Preferred breeders have their dogs tested for these conditions before breeding them. No line of dogs is perfect, so dont ignore a line with some problems further back, besides a lot of breeders may not be as honest in disclosing problems.
Lets not forget about the importance of good disposition. You want a Yorkie Puppie because of the devoted and very confident, self assurance they posses, which is part of what makes them such a great companion. Extremely shy Yorkies may come for genetically shy stock or from socially isolated environments, both of which can make them more challenging to form into confident adults. Yorkie puppies from parents with

########
Rank: 29
Score: 28.580254
Retrieved Text: Minnesota spaniel breeders breed cocker spaniels. Cocker spaniels are one of the more popular breeds of dog available today. This is due to their docile nature and other charming qualities, such as their cute appearance. Minnesota spaniel breeders will have a large selection of cocker spaniels to choose from, so you are sure to find a dog that suits your needs. No two dogs are the same, they all have different personalities, so it is worth your while shopping around for the right dog for you.
Minnesota spaniel breeders will have a large selection of dogs for you to choose from. As mentioned above, no two cocker spaniels will have the same personality, even if they come from the same litter. Some cocker spaniels will have a nicer nature that others, and even though it is hard to tell when they are just puppies, there will be some tell tale signs. If the puppies aren�t afraid to play and aren�t lethargic, it is a pretty good sign that you have a friendly dog.
If you are looking for Minnesota spaniel breeders, make sure you track down a professional breeder who can give you real papers with your dog. If you don�t get certification, you may end up with an inbred or a cross. This can have disastrous effects on the cocker spaniels personality and will cost you a lot of money.
You can find Minnesota spaniel breeders in a multitude of easily accessible places, such as the newspaper or the internet. Ask your friends and family about their experiences

================



======= Instance Index 27 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are far from or close to ):

In bigger atoms, valence electrons are farther from the nucleus.


Charles sees an atom through the microscope that is the smallest he's ever seen. The valence electrons in this atom are likely far from or close to the nucleus?

Target Text: close to

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 69.03445
Retrieved Text: – An element is defined as a substance which cannot be decomposed into other substances. The smallest particle of an element which takes part in chemical reaction is known as atom.
– All matter is composed of atoms which are infinitesimally small.
from the stand point of electrical conductivity, as conductors, semiconductors or Insulators .To be conductor, the substance must contain some mobile electrons that can move freely between atoms. These free electrons come only from the valence (outer) orbit of the atom Conductivity depends on the number of electrons in the valence orbit.
“The energy level of an electron increases as its distance from the nucleus increases. Thus an electron in the second orbit possesses more energy than electron in the first orbit, electrons in the third orbit have higher energy than in the second orbit and so on. It follows, therefore, that electrons in the last orbit will possess very high energy. These high energy electrons are less bound to the nucleus and hence they are more mobile. It is the mobility of last orbit electrons that they acquire the property of combining with other atoms. Further due to this combining power of last orbit electrons of an atom they are called valence electrons”.
Atoms with fewer than four valence electrons are good conductors.
Atoms with more than four valence electrons are poor conductors.
Atoms with four valence electrons are semiconductors.
Normally, the atoms are electrically neutral, that is, the number of electrons and protons are the same, cancelling each other’s electrical force. Atoms “stay together’ because unlike charges attract each

########
Rank: 1
Score: 65.24323
Retrieved Text: As a homeschooling mom, I think hands on activities make learning science so much more interesting and fun. I also think they help children to understand science in a more concrete way. Things like atoms and molecules are pretty hard for a young child to comprehend without something tangible to relate to. In this post, and in a series of posts that will follow, I want to share with you some ideas for teaching elementary and middle school aged children about chemistry.
Let’s start with atoms and molecules.
Atoms are tiny tiny particles that make up all matter. You can’t see them - in fact, they are so tiny that millions and millions of them can fit in the point of the very sharpest pencil. But eveything around us is made of millions and millions of atoms - our bodies, our homes, our pets, the trees, even the air we breathe! To help make this concept more concrete, take a look through a magnifying glass at an image in a book or a picture printed from your computer. This will work best with a magnifying glass that magnifies at 4X or higher.
What do you see? Can you see that the picture is made from many many tiny dots? When you look at the picture with just your eyes, you don’t see the dots, but the picture is really just a whole lot of tiny dots of color put together. Atoms are like this - only even smaller!
This is a fun activity for a group of children. You build

########
Rank: 2
Score: 64.327736
Retrieved Text: An atom is the smallest particle of matter that can combine chemically with another atom or molecule. It has a nucleus, composed of protons and neutrons, around which electrons orbit.
The electron carries a charge equal to the proton but opposite in charge (-e).
An atom has as many protons as electrons. The total charge is zero which is why matter is usually neutral.
In some cases, with the help of an external energy input, an atom can lose or gain one or more electrons. This is the phenomenon of ionization.
Example: An atom of sodium (Na) has 11 protons and 11 electrons. If it loses an electron, it then has 11 protons but only 10 electrons. A positive charge +e is no longer balanced and the resulting sodium ion is positively charged. The sodium ion, Na+, indicates that it carries a charge +e.
A molecule is an assembly of atoms that share electrons to achieve greater stability.
Click on one of the four active zones to start the animation.
To know the structure of an atom and a molecule.
To define an electrical charge.
To understand the phenomenon of the ionization of an atom.
To know the difference between a valence electron and a free electron.
To recognize two types of atomic bonds.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 63.475937
Retrieved Text: Semiconductors are utilized widely in electric circuits. As its name signifies, a semiconductor is a component which carries out electric power, but only partially. The conductivity of a semiconductor is someplace in between that of an insulator, that has basically no conductivity, and a conductor, that has basically complete conductivity. Many semiconductors are crystals made from specific components, many generally silicon.
To comprehend how semiconductors function, you should initially comprehend a little about how electrons are arranged in an atom. The electrons in an atom are arranged in layers. These layers are known as shells. The outer shell is known as the valence shell.
The electrons within this shell are the ones which form bonds with surrounding atoms. This type of bonds are known covalent bonds. Many conductors have only one electron in the valence shell. Semiconductors, however, generally have 4 electrons in their valence shell.
it is feasible for all the valence electrons to connect with valence electrons coming from other atoms if all the surrounding atoms are of the exact same type. The atoms organize on their own into structures known crystals while that occurs. Semiconductors are produced of such crystals, generally silicon crystals.
Right here, each circle stands for a silicon atom, and the lines in between the atoms stand for the shared electrons. Each of the 4 valence electrons in each silicon atom is provided one surrounding silicon atom. Hence, every silicon atom is bound with 4 other silicon atoms.
Pure silicon crystals aren’t all that effective digitally. If you present little quantities of other elements into

########
Rank: 4
Score: 62.97865
Retrieved Text: As seen in the previous section on the octet rule, atoms tend to lose or gain electrons in order to attain a full valence shell and the stability a full valence shell imparts. Because electrons are negatively charged, an atom becomes positively or negatively charged as it loses or gains an electron, respectively. Any atom or group of atoms with a net charge (whether positive or negative) is called an ion. A positively charged ion is a cation while a negatively charged ion is an anion. In this section, we briefly look at some of the processes through which electrons are gained and lost in the formation of ions.
The process of gaining or losing an electron requires energy. There are two common ways to measure this energy change: ionization energy and electron affinity.
The ionization energy is the energy it takes to fully remove an electron from the atom. Ionization energy is a property that varies predictably across the periodic table. Group I and II elements with few electrons in their outer shell have very low ionization energies, while ionization energies increase dramatically moving right along the periodic table. The octet rule gives a straightforward (albeit simplified) explanation of this trend: elements with few valence electrons (those on the left of the periodic table) readily give them up in order to attain a full octet within their inner shells.
When several electrons are removed from an atom, the energy that it takes to remove the first electron is called the first ionization energy, the energy it takes to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 61.309296
Retrieved Text: Not all atoms within a neutral molecule need be neutral. An atom can have the following charges: positive, negative, or neutral, depending on the electron distribution. This is often useful for understanding or predicting reactivity. Identifying formal charges helps you keep track of the electrons.
Determining the appropriate number of valence electrons for an atom – This can be accomplished by inspecting the periodic table. The group number indicates the appropriate number of valence electrons for each atom.
Determining whether the atom exhibits the appropriate number of electrons – In the Lewis structure, determine whether some of the atoms show an unexpected number of electrons.
The formal charge on an atom can be calculated using the following mathematical equation.
Lewis structures also show how atoms in the molecule are bonded. They can be drawn as lines (bonds) or dots (electrons). One line corresponds to two electrons. The nonbonding electrons, on the other hand, are the unshared electrons and these are shown as dots. One dot is equal to one nonbonding electron. The valence electrons are the electrons in the outermost shell of the atom.
[Formal charge]H = 1 – (1/2) × 2 – 0 = 0 ⇒ This applies to each hydrogen. These hydrogens are all zero.
⇒ This molecule is neutral.
[Formal charge]c = 4 – (1/2) × 6 – 0 = 4 – 3 – 0 = +1 ⇒ This is a cation.
[Formal charge]c = 4 – (1/2) × 6 – 2 = 4 – 3 – 2 = -1 ⇒ This is a anion.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 60.874626
Retrieved Text: Electron dot structures, also called Lewis structures, are a graphical representation of the way electrons are distributed throughout a compound. Each element's chemical symbol is surrounded by lines, representing bonds, and dots, representing non-bonded electrons. When drawing an electron structure, your goal is to make each element's valence, or outer electron shell, as full as possible, without going over the maximum number of electrons for that shell.
Determine each element in the structure by looking at its chemical formula. For example, carbon dioxide's formula is CO2. Therefore it has one carbon atom and two oxygen atoms.
Look up each element on the Periodic Table. Note each group, or column number. This reflects how many valence electrons the element has. For instance, carbon is in group 4A and oxygen is in group 6A; therefore carbon has four valence electrons and oxygen has six.
Add the valence electrons of all the elements. This is the total number of electrons available for the dot structure. Since 4 + 6 + 6 = 16, there will be 16 electrons in carbon dioxide's Lewis structure.
Determine which element is the least electronegative, or has the weakest pull on the electrons, by looking on an electronegativity chart or by examining the element's position relative to the other elements on the Periodic Table. Elements generally increase in electronegativity from left to right and from bottom to top. Carbon is the least electronegative element in the compound, with a value of 2.5.
Place the least electronegative element in the center of the structure, then surround it with the other

########
Rank: 7
Score: 60.811863
Retrieved Text: Pure semiconductors are relatively good insulators as compared with metals, though not nearly as good as a true insulator like glass. To be useful in semiconductor applications, the intrinsic semiconductor, pure undoped semiconductor must have no more than one impurity atom in 10 billion semiconductor atoms. This is analogous to a grain of salt impurity in a railroad boxcar of sugar. Impure, or dirty semiconductors are considerably more conductive, though not as good as metals. Why might this be? To answer that question, we must look at the electron structure of such materials in Figure below.
The crystal lattice in Figure below (a) contains atoms having four electrons in the outer shell, forming four covalent bonds to adjacent atoms. This is the anticipated crystal lattice. The addition of a phosphorus atom with five electrons in the outer shell introduces an extra electron into the lattice as compared with the silicon atom. The pentavalent impurity forms four covalent bonds to four silicon atoms with four of the five electrons, fitting into the lattice with one electron left over. Note that this spare electron is not strongly bonded to the lattice as the electrons of normal Si atoms are. It is free to move about the crystal lattice, not being bound to the Phosphorus lattice site. Since we have doped at one part phosphorus in 10 million silicon atoms, few free electrons were created compared with the numerous silicon atoms. However, many electrons were created compared with the fewer electron-hole pairs in intrinsic silicon. Application of an external electric

########
Rank: 8
Score: 60.394577
Retrieved Text: The Lewis Structure or the Lewis Dot Structure is a method of representing molecules where the individual atoms are represented by their periodic symbol (H for Hydrogen, C for Carbon etc.) around which the number of valence electrons for that atom is drawn.
The Lewis structure is an easy way to interpret the number of bonds an atom will form, its lone pair electrons, and predicting the number of electrons it will need/give up to conform to the octet rule. For Example, in drawing the lewis dot structure for Carbon we draw 4 valence electrons around it and thus know that it will need 4 more electrons to conform to the octet rule i.e. in the case of carbon, 8 electrons in its outermost shell. An easy way to remember the number of valence electrons of an atom is by following the periodic table where each group represents a particular valency number.
A few rules while making the Lewis Dot Structure for a compound involves first, drawing the dot structure for an atom, second, connecting the atoms with more than one bond, third, connecting the atoms with one bond and finally checking if each atom follows the octet rule.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 59.19466
Retrieved Text: Electron dot diagrams, sometimes called Lewis dot diagrams, were first used by Gilbert N. Lewis in 1916. These diagrams are used as a shorthand notation to show the number of valence electrons in an atom. More complicated versions can be used to show the bond between different atoms in a molecule.
Write the symbol of the atom you are drawing the electron dot diagram for in the middle of your paper. This symbol represents the nucleus of the atom and each of the four sides represents an orbital.
Locate the element you are drawing an electron dot diagram for on the periodic table of elements. Find the number of electrons in one atom of the element. The number of electrons is the same as the element's atomic number.
Find the number of valence electrons by subtracting the number of electrons in each level from the total number of electrons. There are two electrons in the first level and eight in the second, third and fourth levels. The diagram will represent only the outermost level of the electron field. Take the number of electrons and subtract the number of electrons in each level until you come to a level that is not entirely full. For the noble gases, the last level will be full, with no electrons left over, and this is the level you will draw.
Place the first two dots on the right side of the element symbol. This side is referred to as the s orbital.
Place the remaining dots in a counterclockwise fashion around the edges of the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 59.141346
Retrieved Text: Atom is the smallest building block of an element – it can’t be further broken by any chemical process. Everything you see around yourself is made of trillions-of-trillions atoms.
Atoms are so small that, it is not possible to see them with a powerful microscope. Only specialized microscopes (electron microscope) are able to zoom the atoms.
An atom is composed of electrons, protons, and neutrons. Neutrons and protons are held together in the center of an atom called nucleus. But, electrons orbit around atoms at fixed distances called orbits or shells. A neutral atom (without charge) contains an equal number of electrons and protons.
The total mass of the atom is concentrated in its nucleus, which is measured in a.m.u (atomic mass unit). One a.m.u is about kilogram. Mass of the atom is equal to the number of nucleons (sum of the number of protons and neutrons). One nucleon – either a proton or a neutron – has a mass equal to 1 a.m.u.
Elements are distinguished from each other by the number of protons. If somehow number of protons is changed in an element – as it happens during radioactivity – then the original element will be converted into another element. However, changing the number of neutrons doesn’t change the element itself. Instead, it will give a different isotope of the same element. An isotope of an element has the same number of protons but a different number of neutrons.
There 118 different kinds of atoms based on the number of protons, that builds 118 different elements. These elements are

########
Rank: 11
Score: 59.013264
Retrieved Text: We know from the periodic table Carbon atoms have 4 valence electrons on the outer shells.
According to the Octet Rule of Electron Configuration, this means the four are free to wonder and find opportunity to PAIR UP with other atoms.
That’s because The Octet Rule requires the valence shell or outermost shell of the atoms to have 8 electrons to become stable.
When two carbon atoms come together, they can each share 1 electron and form a single bond. That will leave three valence electrons from each atom to pair up with other electrons from other atoms they come in contact with.
The skeletal structure shows the type of bonding between elements.
Here’s a trick – if you draw a line through the middle of the carbon bonds, you should be able to work out exactly 4 bonds on each side, because each carbon atom has 4 bonding electrons which are the valence electrons.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 58.767033
Retrieved Text: This is “Multiple Covalent Bonds”, section 4.3 from the book Introduction to Chemistry: General, Organic, and Biological (v. 1.0). For details on it (including licensing), click here.
Recognize molecules that are likely to have multiple covalent bonds.
This does not give the carbon atom a complete octet; you will find only six electrons in its valence shell. In addition, each oxygen atom has only seven electrons in its valence shell. Finally, no atom makes the number of bonds it typically forms (Figure 4.2 "How Many Covalent Bonds Are Formed?"). This arrangement of shared electrons is far from satisfactory.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 58.459396
Retrieved Text: · Instead of gaining and loosing electrons, carbon shares its 4-electrons with another element or carbon to form molecule.
· Covalent bonds are formed as a result of sharing of electrons. Example- H2, O2, N2. Covalent compounds have low melting point and boiling point due to small intermolecular forces.
· H2forms by sharing valence electrons (1 per atom of H) and produce single bond between two hydrogen atoms.
· O2 forms by sharing valence electrons (2 per atom of O) and produce double bond between two oxygen atoms.
· N2forms by sharing valence electrons (3 per atom of N) and produce triple bond between two nitrogen atoms.
· Methane, CH4is simple carbon compounds and used as a fuel on large scale and also a major component of CNG (Compressed Natural Gas). Methane formed due to sharing of 4 valence electrons of carbon with 4 hydrogen atoms.
Carbon have three allotropes i.e. Diamond, Graphite and fullerene.
Diamond formed due to rigid three dimensional structures of carbon atoms because each carbon atom bonded to another 4 carbon atoms. It is hardest substance.
Graphite formed due to presence of hexagonal array layers above one another, and layers of hexagonal arrays formed because each carbon atom bonded to another 3 carbon atoms with 2 single and 1 double bond. It is smooth, slippery and very good conductor of electricity.
Fullerenes (C-60) are also an allotrope of carbon in which carbon atoms are arranged in football like shape.
Carbon shows versatile nature because it has two characteristics features which are catenation and tetravalency. These both feature gives large numbers of compounds.
Catenation

########
Rank: 14
Score: 58.397877
Retrieved Text: Thinking in terms of overlapping atomic orbitals is one way for us to explain how chemical bonds form in diatomic molecules. However, to understand how molecules with more than two atoms form stable bonds, we require a more detailed model. As an example, let us consider the water molecule, in which we have one oxygen atom bonding to two hydrogen atoms. Oxygen has the electron configuration 1s22s22p4, with two unpaired electrons (one in each of the two 2p orbitals). Valence bond theory would predict that the two O–H bonds form from the overlap of these two 2p orbitals with the 1s orbitals of the hydrogen atoms. If this were the case, the bond angle would be 90°, as shown in [link], because p orbitals are perpendicular to each other. Experimental evidence shows that the bond angle is 104.5°, not 90°. The prediction of the valence bond theory model does not match the real-world observations of a water molecule; a different model is needed.
Quantum-mechanical calculations suggest why the observed bond angles in H2O differ from those predicted by the overlap of the 1s orbital of the hydrogen atoms with the 2p orbitals of the oxygen atom. The mathematical expression known as the wave function, ψ, contains information about each orbital and the wavelike properties of electrons in an isolated atom. When atoms are bound together in a molecule, the wave functions combine to produce new mathematical descriptions that have different shapes. This process of combining the wave functions for atomic orbitals is called hybridization and is mathematically

########
Rank: 15
Score: 58.222404
Retrieved Text: knowledge. To understand the ... To understand these claims, one needs a knowledge of chemistry. .... This film, produced by Open University/BBC-TV, is the.
that there have been too many pet "periodic charts" published in recent years, including the same chart by the same author in this JOURNAL in 1939. Another.
a. Using the data in the table above, is the periodic table is organized by increasing atomic mass? Explain. No. There are several places on the periodic table where the mass does not increase with the atomic number, in the data table above this can be shown between Argon (Ar) and Potassium (K) and again between Tellurium (Te) and Iodine (I). b. What property is the periodic table organized by? Increasing Atomic number (protons). *In the top right hand corner of your screen check (√) the box next to “Electrons.” This will make the electron count for each element appear to the right of its symbol in the periodic table. 19. What electron pattern do you notice for all of the elements belonging to the Alkali Metal family? The last electron listed (valence electron) is 1. 20. Considering your answer above, though we know Hydrogen is a non-metal, why do you think it is placed on top of the alkali metals? It’s number of valence electrons is the same as the members of the Alkali Metal family. 21. What electron pattern can be observed with the Noble Gases? The Halogens? Noble Gases all have 8 valence electrons, except He which has 2. Halogens family members each have

########
Rank: 16
Score: 58.213993
Retrieved Text: describe the three-dimensional nature of molecules.
sketch a tetrahedral molecule, CX4, using the “wedge-and-broken-line” method of representation.
make a ball-and-stick model of a simple tetrahedral molecule such as methane, CH4.
When drawing any organic structure, you must remember that a neutral carbon atom will almost always have four bonds. Similarly, hydrogen always has one bond; neutral oxygen atoms have two bonds; and neutral nitrogen atoms have three bonds. By committing these simple rules to memory, you can avoid making unnecessary mistakes later in the course.
The “wedge-and-broken-line” type of representation, which helps to convey the three-dimensional nature of organic compounds, will be used throughout the course.
Metallic bonds These bonds are found in solid metals (copper, iron, aluminum) with each metal bonded to several neighboring groups and bonding electrons free to move throughout the 3-dimensional structure.
Each bond classification is discussed in detail in subsequent sections of the chapter. Let's look at the preferred arrangements of electrons in atoms when they form chemical compounds.
Figure 1.4.1: G. N. Lewis and the Octet Rule. (a) Lewis is working in the laboratory. (b) In Lewis’s original sketch for the octet rule, he initially placed the electrons at the corners of a cube rather than placing them as we do now.
At the beginning of the 20th century, the American chemist G. N. Lewis (1875–1946) devised a system of symbols—now called Lewis electron dot symbols, often shortened to Lewis dot symbols—that can be used for predicting the number of bonds formed by most elements in their compounds. Each Lewis dot symbol consists of the chemical symbol for

########
Rank: 17
Score: 57.991127
Retrieved Text: (e) H2CO (Formaldehyde) (f) C6H6 (Benzene).
3. What valence atomic orbitals formed the bonds of the compounds listed in problem (2)?
4. What compound listed in problem (2) has Pi (π) bonds that cannot be entirely described as localized Pi (π) bonds?
5. Write the general representative strings for Sigma (σ) bonds and Pi (π) bonds.
1(a) Resonance structures (also called resonance forms): the different Lewis structures that are equally acceptable descriptions of a single molecule.
(b) Sigma (σ) bond: a covalent bond in which the electron density is concentrated symmetrically about the line joining the nuclei (internuclear axis) of the bonded atoms. In other words, a covalent bond in which the internuclear axis passes through the middle of the region of orbital overlap (figure 9.16).
Pi (π) bond: a covalent bond in which the electron density is concentrated above and below the internuclear axis of the bonded atoms. In other words, a covalent bond in which the line passing through the middle of the region of orbital overlap is perpendicular to the internuclear axis of the bonded atoms (figure 9.17).
Localized electrons: σ and π electrons totally associated with the atoms that form the bond. Such bonds are localized bonds.
Delocalized electrons: electrons not totally associated with the atoms that form the bond. Such bonds are delocalized bonds. Delocalized bonds are commomly encountered in molecules that have two or more resonance structures involving π bonds. Such bonds are called delocalzed π bonds.
2(a) The valence-shell configuration of H = 1s1. Two s orbitals overlap to form H2. The internuclear axis of the atoms passes

########
Rank: 18
Score: 57.735023
Retrieved Text: The inert or noble gases have a stable full outer shell of electrons which is why they are so unreactive. Which group of elements has a stable number electrons in the outer energy level. Periodic table of the elements. How many valence electrons are in an atom of chlorine.
R Another exception -- the transition metals. The elements are arranged by increasing order of atomic number. Elements whose atoms have the same number of electrons in outer energy levels are in the same family. Their arrangement is characterized by different energy levels and orbitals within these levels. How to Find the Maximum Number of Electrons That Can Occupy a Shell.
How does the number of electrons in outer energy levels to the position of an element in the periodic table. An exception to this rule is He Helium. How do valence electrons determine chemical properties. How many valence electrons are in a silicon atom. You can check these answers with the simple method if you like, but it does work out in any case.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 57.72493
Retrieved Text: To find valence electrons using a period table, first see if your atom is a transitional metal, which are the elements in the middle rectangle of the table. If the atom is outside this block, locate its group number along the top of the table. The ones digit in the group number is the number of valence electrons. To solve without a periodic table, find the electron configuration of the element and count the electrons into 1 group of 2, and then into shells of 8. The number in the last group is the amount of valence electrons.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 57.0465
Retrieved Text: 12. the tendency of an atom in a molecule to attract shared electrons to itself.
13. an electron pair that is localized on a given atom, an electron pair not involved in bonding.
14. a condition occurring when more than one valid Lewis structure can be written for a particular molecule.
16. the charge assigned to an atom in a molecule or polyatomic ion derived from a specific set of rules.
20. the energy required to break a given chemical bond.
22. a type of bond in which electrons are shared by atoms.
1. the energy change occurring when separated gaseous ions are packed together to form an ionic solid.
2. a property of a molecule whose charge distribution can be represented by a center of positive charge and a center of negative charge.
6. a diagram of a molecule showing how the valence electrons are arranged among the atoms in the molecule.
8. a model which assumes that a molecule is composed of atoms that are bound together by sharing pairs of electrons using the atomic orbitals of the bound atoms.
10. a model whose main postulate is that the structure around a given model atom in a molecule is determined principally by minimizing electron-pair repulsions.
11. a covalent bond in which the electrons are not shared equally because one atom attracts them more strongly than the other.
17. the observation that atoms of nonmetals tend to form the most stable molecules when they are surrounded by eight electrons (to fill their valence orbitals).
19. an electron pair found in the space between two atoms.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 57.025654
Retrieved Text: A covalent bond is formed between two non-metals that have similar electronegativities. Neither atom is "strong" enough to attract electrons from the other. For stabilization, they share their electrons from outer molecular orbit with others. An ionic bond is formed between a metal and a non-metal. Non-metals(-ve ion) are "stronger" than the metal(+ve ion) and can get electrons very easily from the metal. These two opposite ions attract each other and form the ionic bond.
Covalent bonding is a form of chemical bonding between two non metallic atoms which is characterized by the sharing of pairs of electrons between atoms and other covalent bonds. Ionic bond, also known as electrovalent bond is a type of bond formed from the electrostatic attraction between oppositely charged ions in a chemical compound. These kinds of bonds occur mainly between a metallic and a non metallic atom.
The covalent bond is formed when two atoms are able to share electrons whereas the ionic bond is formed when the "sharing" is so unequal that an electron from atom A is completely lost to atom B, resulting in a pair of ions.
Each atom consists of protons, neutrons and electrons. At the centre of the atom, neutrons and protons stay together. But electrons revolve in orbit around the center. Each of these molecular orbits can have a certain number of electrons to form a stable atom. But apart from Inert gas, this configuration is not present with most of the atoms. So to stabilize the atom, each atom shares half of its electrons.
Covalent bonding is

########
Rank: 22
Score: 56.890423
Retrieved Text: the smallest unit of an element that has all of the properties of the element; basic building block of matter.
the number of protons and neutrons in the nucleus of one atom of the element.
the number of protons contained in each nucleus of its atoms of the element.
a horizontal row (left to right) in the periodic table.
a vertical column (up and down) on the periodic table.
a chart that organizes information about all of the known elements according to their atomic number.
describes how likely an element is to form bonds with other elements.
group 1 metals on the periodic table that contain 1 valence electron and lose their valence electrons the most easily, making them the most reactive metals.
group 1 metals on the periodic table that contain 2 valence electrons and are the second most reactive metals.
group 3-­12 on the periodic table. They have varying valence electrons and do not follow the normal trends of the other metals. They form brightly colored compounds and ions in solution.
group 17 nonmetals on the periodic table that contain 7 valence electrons. They only need to gain 1 valence electron to have a stable octet. They gain valence electrons the most readily, making them the most reactive nonmetals.
group 18 elements on the periodic table that contain 8 valence electrons (He has 2) and a full valence shell making them very stable and inert.
an element that has some properties of a metal and some properties of a nonmetal. The metalloids are found on the boron staircase, there are 7 metalloids: B, Si, Ge, As,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 56.753735
Retrieved Text: Atoms gain or lose electrons in order to achieve a noble gas configuration (an octet). The formula for the ionic compound zinc chloride is ##"ZnCl"_2##. When forming an ion, a zinc atom loses its two valence electrons, becoming a ##"Zn"^"2+"## ion. The chlorine atom has seven valence electrons, and will gain one valence electron to form a chloride ion, ##"Cl"^"1-"##. Ionic compounds are neutral, which means that the sum of the positive charges and the negative charges must equal zero. Therefore, two chloride ions, ##"Cl"^"1-"## must bond with one zinc ion, ##"Zn"^"2+"##. The sum of the positive two charge on the zinc and the negative one charge on the two chloride ions equals zero. The ionic bond is formed by the electrostatic attraction between the oppositely charged ions.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 56.481007
Retrieved Text: 3. Type of waves that pass through soft body tissues but stopped by bones.
5. Type of waves that cause sunburn.
6. Part of the spectrum our eyes are sensitive to.
8. The space around the nucleus of an atom where electrons are found.
9. Neutral particle found in the nucleus of an atom.
12. Number of protons in an atom's nucleus.
13. Forms of the same element with different numbers of neutrons.
14. The sum of protons and neutrons in an atom.
15. Last name of chemisty who gave us the law of definite proportions.
16. Greek philosopher who first coined the idea of the atom.
20. A way of illustrating valence electrons.
22. Last name of scientists who discovered electrons.
23. A testable prediction to explain an observation.
24. Last name of chemisty who gave us the law of conservation of matter.
25. Type of electrons in the outermost energy level of an atom.
26. Waves with the lowest frequencies of the spectrum.
1. Regions of space in which electrons can move about the nucleus.
2. The four basic elements of matter according to the ancient Greeks [no spaces between words].
4. A fact of nature that is observed so often it is accepted as truth.
7. Type of waves that travel at the speed of light through space.
10. Small, dense, positively charged central core of an atom.
11. Positively charged subatomic particle.
17. Last name of scientist who discovered the nucleus.
18. An explanation based on many tests.
19. Type of waves with highest frequency and shortest wavelength.
21. Type of wave energy given off by the human body and other warm objects.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 56.361134
Retrieved Text: Periodic table[ edit ] Electron configuration table The form of the periodic table is closely related to the electron configuration of the atoms of the elements. Phosphorus, for instance, is in the third period.
Pauli-Exclusion Principle Wolfgang Pauli postulated that each electron can be described with a unique set of four quantum numbers. The electron configuration can be visualized as the core electronsequivalent to the noble gas of the preceding periodand the valence electrons: It is possible to predict most of the exceptions by Hartree—Fock calculations,  which are an approximate method for taking account of the effect of the other electrons on orbital energies.
Nitrogen, for example, has 3 electrons occupying the 2p orbital.
In bulk materials, this idea helps explain the peculiar properties of lasers and semiconductors. That is, we follow the three important rules: For atoms, the notation consists of a sequence of atomic subshell labels e.
It may be stated as: However, the energy of an electron "in" an atomic orbital depends on the energies of all the other electrons of the atom or ion, or molecule, etc. Hund's Rule Hund's Rule states that when electrons occupy degenerate orbitals i.
The electronic configuration for Cl- can, therefore, be designated as 1s22s22p63s23p6. The fact that the Aufbau principle is based on an approximation can be seen from the fact that there Atom and electron configuration an almost-fixed filling order at all, that, within a given shell, the s-orbital is always filled before the p-orbitals.
If that were the case, the 3d-orbital would have the same energy as the 3p-orbital,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 55.970367
Retrieved Text: Number of protons present in nucleus of atom of an element is known as atomic number.
Mass number is also known as atomic mass. Atomic number or mass number is equal to number of protons and neutrons in atom.
Atoms of same elements which have same atomic number but different mass number is called isotopes.
example : Protium, Deutrium, Tritium are isotopes of hydrogen.
Atoms of different elements which have similar atomic mass and different atomic number are called isobars.
In 1921, Bohr and Bury gives some laws for distribution of electrons in various orbits, which are called as Bohr-Bury Scheme.
1. Maximum number of electron in any shell should be 2n2 , where n is serial number of shell.
2. Maximum number of electron that exist in outermost shell or orbit of any atom is eight while maximum number is eighteen for penultimate shell.
3. According to this law, it is not necessary that another shell is formed after completion of 1st shell. A new shell is formed as number of electrons reaches eight in any orbit or shell.
Outermost incomplete shell of any atom is known as Valence Shell and electron present in incomplete outermost shell are known as Valence Electrons , which participate in formation of bond.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 55.95818
Retrieved Text: Can someone explain how to calculate formal charges again? Or if there's another way aside from the equation we learned in class? And if we're trying to ionic element's lewis structure, do we had the charge to the number of electrons to the element/compound?
FC = VE (valence electrons) - LPE (lone pair electrons) - 0.5BE (half the bonding electrons).
I just think of it as 1. taking the number of valence electrons (which can be found on the periodic table) and 2. taking this number and subtracting the number of electrons surrounding the specific element (where a bond would only really be one electron). This way its only a two step calculation and a lot faster.
To calculate the formal charge, subtract the sum of the total number of lone electrons and total number of bonds (0.5 x total number of bonded electrons) from the number of valence electrons of that specific atom. All the atoms FC should add up to the compounds overall charge. It is preferred to have the lowest absolute value of FC for individual atoms. Like for CO2 it is preferred that each atom had a formal charge of 0,0,0 versus have 0,-1,+1.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 55.885857
Retrieved Text: Gram atomic mass & Molar mass.
First recorded evidence that atoms existed.
Dalton’s theory was based on the premise that the atoms of different elements could be distinguished by differences in their weights.
o The indivisibility of an atom was proved wrong , for, an atom can be further subdivided into protons, neutrons and electrons. o The atoms of same element are similar in all respects , but isotopes of same element have different mass.
An electron is a negatively charged component of an atom which exists outside the nucleus. Each electron carries one unit of negative charge and has a very small mass as compared with that of a neutron or proton.
Since the ray was attracted to a positive electric plate placed over the cathode ray tube (beam deflected toward the positive plate) he determined that the ray must be composed of negatively charged particles.
E. Goldstein in 1886 discovered the presence of new radiations in a gas discharge and called them canal rays. These rays were positively charged radiations which ultimately led to the discovery of another sub-atomic particle.
Canal Rays: The positively charged radiation produced in the discharge tube at low pressure and high voltage are called canal rays.
Q.1 What was the model of an atom proposed by Thomson? Q.2 What is the nature of charge on electrons?
the gold foil without getting deflected. empty.
completely rebound on hitting the gold compared to the total size.
Limitation: In Rutherford’s atomic model , Nucleus & electrons are held together by electrostatic force of attraction which would lead to the fusion between them. This

########
Rank: 29
Score: 55.68154
Retrieved Text: Conversion of light energy in electrical energy is based on a phenomenon called photovoltaic effect. When semiconductor materials are exposed to light, the some of the photons of light ray are absorbed by the semiconductor crystal which causes a significant number of free electrons in the crystal. This is the basic reason for producing electricity due to photovoltaic effect. Photovoltaic cell is the basic unit of the system where the photovoltaic effect is utilised to produce electricity from light energy. Silicon is the most widely used semiconductor material for constructing the photovoltaic cell. The silicon atom has four valence electrons. In a solid crystal, each silicon atom shares each of its four valence electrons with another nearest silicon atom hence creating covalent bonds between them. In this way, silicon crystal gets a tetrahedral lattice structure. While light ray strikes on any materials some portion of the light is reflected, some portion is transmitted through the materials and rest is absorbed by the materials.
The same thing happens when light falls on a silicon crystal. If the intensity of incident light is high enough, sufficient numbers of photons are absorbed by the crystal and these photons, in turn, excite some of the electrons of covalent bonds. These excited electrons then get sufficient energy to migrate from valence band to conduction band. As the energy level of these electrons is in the conduction band, they leave from the covalent bond leaving a hole in the bond behind each removed electron. These are called free electrons move randomly inside the

================



======= Instance Index 28 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are greater or lesser ):

The sooner cancer is treated, the greater the chances of a cure.


Don is getting screened for cancer. Because his cancer is caught early, at the first screening, the chance of a cure is greater or lesser?

Target Text: greater

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 54.41358
Retrieved Text: • What's the purpose of Stop Colon Cancer Now?
• What is National Colon Cancer Screening Day and why is it held?
• How does family history relate to colon cancer risk?
• What do basketball and March Gladness have to do with colon cancer screening?
• What are the ways to screen for colon cancer?
• If something is found during a colonoscopy, what happens?
• What is the risk of developing colon cancer?
• When should a person get screened?
• How often does a person need a colonoscopy?
• What are the symptoms of colon cancer?
• Tell us about how common colon cancer is and how it can be prevented?
• Where can I go for more information and to schedule a colonoscopy?
National Colon Cancer Screening Day is Friday, March 7.
• The goal is to encourage at least 2,014 first-time patients to participate in their first screening on March 7 and to raise awareness about the importance of family history in colon cancer risk.
• Our community of more than 1,000 physicians hopes National Colon Cancer Screening Day will help StopColonCancerNow.com lead the way in colon cancer prevention.
• Our theme is once again March Gladness to serve as a reminder that preventing colon cancer with a colonoscopy is a slam dunk.
• With March being both the pinnacle of the college basketball season as well as Colon Cancer Awareness Month, we hope to encourage people to rally around their health and their family's health as they would rally around their favorite team.
• Individuals with one first-degree relative who has colon cancer have two to three

########
Rank: 1
Score: 54.35256
Retrieved Text: Colorectal cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in men and women in this country. Screening by colonoscopy can prevent cancer or find it at an early stage. During screening, a doctor looks for polyps (abnormal tissue growth) or cancer. If precancerous polyps are found, they can be removed before they turn into the cancer.
Most colorectal cancers occur in people with no family history of the disease, but it is very important to know your family history.
Polyps and colorectal cancer rarely cause symptoms, especially in the early stages.
Removal of precancerous polyps lowers the chance of getting colorectal cancer by 70 percent.
The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force recommends screening for colorectal cancer starting at age 50.
For every year the initial screening is delayed, the risk of cancer increases by twofold.
After the first colonoscopy, most patients only need to be screened every 10 years.
Colorectal cancer is preventable and highly curable when it’s found early.
If you are 50 or older, don't wait to get screened.
Which colorectal cancer test is right for you?
Our shared decision-making guide (PDF) can help you work with your healthcare team to decide on the best colorectal cancer test for you.
Physicians at UChicago Medicine take a proactive approach to cancer screening – especially in high-risk patients – with the goal of catching the disease at an earlier, more treatable stage.
Karen E. Kim, MD, specializes in the prevention, screening, and early detection of colorectal cancer, hepatitis B, and women's health issues — particularly functional bowel diseases. She is skilled in the assessment of hereditary colon

########
Rank: 2
Score: 53.612755
Retrieved Text: If so, you are at risk for colorectal cancer. Being screened increases the chances of detecting colorectal cancer early. Someone with colorectal cancer has a nine out of ten chance of being cured if the cancer is caught early. Ontario has among the highest rates of colorectal cancer in the world.
Are you 21 or older and sexually active?
If so, you are at risk for HPV infection or cervical cancer. Each year, about 630 women are diagnosed with cancer of the cervix and about 150 women die from this disease in Ontario. Cervical cancer is preventable with regular screening.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 52.238255
Retrieved Text: Oct. 19, 2011 -- New federal guidelines are urging doctors to back off annual cervical cancer screening for most women. Instead the recommendations say most women between 21 and 65 years old should only be screened every three years, and that more frequent screening may do more harm than good.
The draft guidelines come from the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force (USPSTF). They're the first new recommendations on cervical cancer screening to come from the agency since 2003.
Meanwhile, several other organizations, including the American Cancer Society, have issued their own similar recommendations.
In all, they still strongly urge regular cervical cancer screening using Pap tests or similar methods for women 21 and over.
Cervical cancer deaths have been falling steadily for decades. There were about 12,200 new cases of cervical cancer and 4,210 deaths from the disease in the U.S. in 2010, according to the National Cancer Institute.
The USPSTF now recommends that women age 21 to 65 who are at average risk for cervical cancer get screened every three years for cervical cancer. That's a change from their previous recommendations.
"There's an emerging consensus among professional organizations that look at the science to say we can get by with less and do just as much good," says Michael LeFevre, MD, the co-vice-chair of the USPSTF panel issuing the guidelines. LeFevre is a professor of family and community medicine at the University of Missouri, Columbia.
Why less frequent screening? According to the task force, a Pap test every three years detects potentially dangerous cell abnormalities just as well as annual screening. But

########
Rank: 4
Score: 51.164257
Retrieved Text: January is not only the beginning of a new year, it is also cervical health awareness month. Since it is the beginning of the year it is the perfect time to schedule all those annual appointments that you tend to put off. That includes your yearly pap smear.
Every year 12,000 women are diagnosed with cervical cancer, and although it is very preventable and treatable, about one-third of those diagnosed with cervical cancer will die as a result of the cancer.
Because of increased screening and vaccinations, cervical cancer can be prevented and caught very early. However, in women who are not screened regularly, cervical cancer can be very serious and life threatening. This is why it is important to have your annual screening every year.
If it is available, it is important to get the human papillomavirus (HPV) vaccine as HPV is one of the leading causes of cervical cancer. The infection causes no symptoms, and usually clears up on its own with a healthy immune system. The issue comes when the virus doesn’t clear up, which happens about 5% of the time. The vaccine should be given before an infection occurs, and preferably before a girl becomes sexually active.
The goal of cervical health awareness month is to encourage women to get screened.
You can encourage the women you love to go to the doctor. Encourage them to get screened so if they do have cancer it can be caught and treated early. Also, be an example by making appointments for yourself and following through. I know personally, I

########
Rank: 5
Score: 50.591156
Retrieved Text: about how mammograms save lives.
Even if you feel like you’re doing everything you can to be healthy, there’s still a chance you could get cancer. The good news is that many types of cancer are highly treatable if they’re identified early.
Breast cancer, the most common cancer for women, doesn’t always cause symptoms, especially early on. But regular exams can find signs of the disease even before symptoms appear. That’s why getting screened regularly is so important.
Starting in their 40s, women should get checked every one or two years. Based on their health history, some women may be at a higher risk and need to start sooner. When breast cancer is identified early through a mammogram or other noninvasive screening, a woman’s chance of survival is more than 98 percent. Talk to your doctor about the exams you need and when you should begin.
We’ve teamed up with CJ McCollum and his mom, Kathy, to share some simple things you can do to help your family stay healthy.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 50.044304
Retrieved Text: International Womena��s Day has come a long way since its origin back in March 19th, 1911 when the first International Womena��s Day was celebrated. It was a huge success with rallies and meetings in places like Germany, Switzerland and Austria. March 19th was chosen back then because it was that day in 1948 when the Prussian King vowed to introduce votes for women, but this hadna��t followed through, prompting the date to be moved to March 8th in 1913. Keeping with the same tradition of empowering women, leta��s focus our efforts on the fight cancer this year while pushing for equal rights for men and women.
Women, especially elder women, should be encouraged by their family physicians, to know about the health risks posed by the different cancers that they are potentially at risk of, if they do not get screening tests done as soon as they can. Another way is to give mothers gifts with the same fervor as every year, except this time encourage them to find out about the different cancer screening tests that they should most likely undergo. Support them in the screening process physically and emotionally (even financially if you can do so).
Early screening is preferred as it will help catch cancer in the early stages. Women should talk about a screening for breast cancer at 40. Breast exams are no longer part of breast cancer screening, but mammograms are. If there is an average risk of cancer, women should start with yearly mammograms when they are 45 years, and should do

########
Rank: 7
Score: 50.040253
Retrieved Text: DUPAGE COUNTY- March is Colorectal Cancer Awareness month and the DuPage County Health Department recommends that County residents get screened for this disease because it is one of the few cancers that can be successfully treated if detected early.
At least six out of every 10 deaths from colorectal cancer could be prevented if all men and women aged 50 years or older were screened routinely.
Precancerous polyps (abnormal growths) can be present in the colon for years before invasive cancer develops. They may not cause any symptoms. Colorectal cancer screening can find precancerous polyps so they can be removed before they turn into cancer. In this way, colorectal cancer is prevented. Screening can also find colorectal cancer early, when there is a greater chance that treatment will be most effective and lead to a cure.
About 51,000 Americans die of colorectal cancer each year. It is a leading cause of death for both men and women, but there is hope. Mortality rates for colorectal cancer have been declining for 20 years-mostly due to screening and early treatment.
The Health Department recommends these colorectal cancer prevention tips:Be physically active for at least 30 minutes, at least five days a week.
Don't smoke. Quit if you do smoke.
If you drink alcohol, have no more than one drink a day if you're a woman or two drinks a day if you're a man.
Eat fruits, vegetable and whole grains to stay healthy.
Eat less red meat and cut out processed meats.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 49.39208
Retrieved Text: Did you know that 1 in 7 Canadian men will develop prostate cancer and that men of African or Caribbean descent are at increased risk of developing the disease? If you are like many Canadian men, you may not know your risk and you may have some questions about prostate cancer.
Why is prostate cancer particularly important for black men?
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer to affect Canadian men. Even more alarming is that Prostate Cancer is more common in men of African or Caribbean descent. Research has not determined a definitive reason why black men are at higher risk of developing prostate cancer.
Age: For the general population, the chance of getting prostate cancer rises quickly after a man reaches age 50.
Family history: Your risk of prostate cancer is increased if men in your family have had the disease.
Diet: Men who eat a low-fibre, high-fat diet have a higher rate of prostate cancer. Research suggests that saturated fat (commonly found in processed foods, whole-milk dairy products and fatty cuts of meat) increases the production of the hormone testosterone, which may help prostate cancer cells grow.
Remember, it is possible to develop prostate cancer even when none of these risk factors are present.
Can I get screened for prostate cancer?
It is important that all men get screened, and with prostate cancer being more prevalent in men of African or Caribbean descent it’s very important for black men to get screened for prostate cancer. The primary screening for prostate cancer is the PSA test. Click here for more information.
If screening

########
Rank: 9
Score: 49.239132
Retrieved Text: April is National Oral Cancer Awareness Month. Dentist Dr. Bruce Spink knows that early intervention can save lives. Oral cancer is often fatal because it goes undiagnosed until the late stages. Getting screened every 6 months can help catch oral cancer early for potentially life-saving treatment. Oral cancer screenings are provided with every dental health exam at our Birmingham AL dentist office.
Nearly 50,000 Americans will be diagnosed with oral cancer this year alone. Understanding the signs and symptoms of the disease could help you get an early diagnosis. Although the signs of oral cancer could be symptoms of other oral health concerns, if they persist for up to two weeks it is essential you schedule a dentist appointment with Dr. Spink.
If you smoke, chew, or vape tobacco, you are at a much higher risk of developing oral cancer. Patients with family history of cancer, are over the age of 45 or who drink alcohol heavily are also at higher risk. In recent years dentists have been finding oral cancer in younger and younger patients. Some patients as young as in their 20s have been diagnosed with oral cancer that is linked to HPV exposure. If you have or have been in contact with someone who has HPV, be sure to get screened for oral cancer regularly.
Dr. Spink provides every patient with a quick, painless oral cancer screening at every visit to our Birmingham, AL dentist office. The screening takes only two minutes and is non-invasive. This simple screening can help save your life.
Encourage everyone you know

########
Rank: 10
Score: 48.906822
Retrieved Text: Taking part in prevention methods is one of the most important ways to fight cancer today. Experts are now emphasizing the act of getting screened to prevent cancer.
CBS news reports on cancer prevention tactics and smart screening. Experts are saying with hundreds of thousands of Americans dying of cancer every year, it is extremely important to be more careful about cancer screening.
Statistics show that around 600,000 people in the U.S. will die of cancer this year, according to the American Cancer Society.
“One way to reduce cancer-related deaths is by implementing better cancer screening for early detection. Yet controversy and confusion remains over exactly who should be screened for different cancers, at what ages, and how often,” according to CBS news.
Expert groups such as The American College of Physicians (ACP) gave a report in the Annals of Internal Medicine offering advice to physicians on when average-risk patients should be screened for five common cancers: breast, cervical, colorectal, ovarian, and prostate cancer.
Dr. Wayne J. Riley, president of ACP, issued a statement about the importance of screening.
He also said how numerous people have a lack of understanding about the trade-offs of screening. Many studies have shown again and again that patients and many doctors overestimate the advantages and are unaware of and/or downplay the potential harms of cancer screening.
The team actually analyzed and reviewed clinical guidelines issued by many organizations, including the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force, the American Academy of Family Physicians, and the American Cancer Society, among others, with the objective of creating comprehensive advice on how

########
Rank: 11
Score: 48.712227
Retrieved Text: Cervical cancer is a type of cancer that starts in the cervix, which is the lower part of the uterus. Screening for cervical cancer is done with a Pap test to identify abnormal changes in the cells of your cervix caused by viruses such as the Human Papillomavirus (HPV). In a few women, these abnormal cells develop into cancer.
Cervical cancer screening can lead to early treatment, which can prevent the abnormal cells from developing into cancer, or can cure early cancer with simple treatment. The Canadian Task Force on Preventive Health Care (CTFPHC) updated its recommendations on cervical cancer screening to ensure that women receive the greatest benefit from screening while reducing inconvenience, discomfort and unnecessary testing.
The figure below can help you make an informed decision about when to screen for cervical cancer with a Pap test.
For women who have received HPV vaccinations, we recommend the same screening schedule but talk to your health care provider further about HPV vaccination and cervical cancer risk.
Please note that these recommendations do not apply to women who have never been sexually active, have had a full hysterectomy for a benign (i.e. non-cancerous) disease, who have had a previous abnormal Pap test, and/or have a weakened immune system.
Not sexually active This guideline does not apply to you. After you become sexually active, speak with your health care provider about when and how often you should be screened for cervical cancer with a pap test.
Sexually active and 24 years old or younger We recommend not routinely screening. Young women are very

########
Rank: 12
Score: 48.584183
Retrieved Text: Colon (colorectal) cancer, often called the "silent killer" ranks as the second leading cause of cancer death in the United States. Colon cancer affects both men and women about equally and kills more people annually than either breast cancer or prostate cancer.
Some reasons: neglect, lack of awareness, lack of media attention, embarrassment, the "yuck" factor, too few people taking an active role in monitoring their own health to prevent this disease.
Whatever the reason, the good news is that no one has to die from colon cancer. With over a 90 percent cure rate caught early enough, colon cancer is preventable and treatable. Early detection through screening is the key.
Colon cancer deaths could be nearly eliminated if most people learn the basics, talk to their family and physicians about it, and take action to prevent it. Unfortunately, as recent government surveys and studies show, less than 40% of people who should be screened have been screened. Respondents age 50 and over to a recent survey on this site said only 51% of their doctors discussed colon cancer screening with them.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 48.556652
Retrieved Text: There are some things everyone should know about breast cancer. Get informed so you and your loved ones can live your healthiest lives.
When it comes to protecting our breast health, knowledge is power.
Here are five actions we can all take to stay on top of our breast health.
Making your health a priority can reduce your breast cancer risk.
Learn the signs of breast cancer and how to notice a change in your breasts.
"I’ll sing it from the rooftops: don’t play around with your health."
Learn about your own risk factors and start a conversation with your doctor.
Use this tool to explore different factors that can affect your risk of breast cancer.
Learn how genes can affect breast cancer risk and whether testing could be useful for you.
Learn how family health history can hold clues for your own health.
Understanding our risk can help us take action for our breast health.
"African-American women need to hear, even in my family, that if breast cancer is caught early, it is survivable."
Whether you’re getting a check-up or a mammogram, these resources can help you access the best possible health care.
If cost is a concern when it comes to your health, these tips and organizations can help.
Try these tips to make sure you get the care you deserve.
Being proactive can help you make the most out of your next doctor’s visit.
"I’m the type of person who isn’t looking for a doctor to tell me what he/she is going to do to me without a discussion. I need to ask questions."
Everything you need to know about

########
Rank: 14
Score: 48.546825
Retrieved Text: Superstar singer Taylor Swift recently took to her blog to share an important message with her fans: her mother, Andrea Swift, has been diagnosed with cancer. Swift asked her mom to get screened for any health issues, and it was this visit that led to her diagnosis.
Why is Early Detection So Important?
If you notice any of these symptoms, taking immediate action can help lead to early diagnosis.
How Can a Routine Screening Help Me?
A screening is a simple test that is performed on otherwise healthy people in order to identify a disease that may not yet be showing symptoms. Currently, screenings are available for breast cancer, cervical cancer, lung cancer, colorectal cancer, liver cancer, ovarian cancer, prostate cancer, skin cancer, and endometrial cancer. Speak with your doctor to determine at what age and how often you should plan to be screened depending on your family health history and other risk factors.
Detecting cancer early can mean more treatment options and a better chance of survival. Make sure you know the signs to look for and take control of your health with preventive screenings.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 48.459988
Retrieved Text: First time bowel screening test recipients in Forth Valley are being urged to join the ‘bowel movement’ as part of a campaign to further increase uptake in Scotland.
The importance of taking the test from the age of 50 has been underlined as new figures show around half of those (50 per cent) aged between 50-51 in Scotland completed and returned their test in 20161. Nationally, first timers account for around 10 per cent2 of bowel screening test invitations issued each year.
Bowel cancer is more common in those aged 50 and over, but nine out of 10 people survive bowel cancer if it’s caught early3.
Every year, more than 500,000 people do the life-saving bowel screening test in Scotland4. The test – offered to people aged 50 -74 every two years – remains the most effective way of finding the disease early.
The ‘Join the Bowel Movement’ campaign, which first launched in 2015, is being featured across digital media and radio throughout August in a bid to further boost participation in the Scottish Bowel Screening Programme.
“A lot of people are unaware that the early signs of bowel cancer can be hidden and taking the bowel screening test gives the best chance of detecting cancer early. When detected at an early stage bowel cancer it’s highly treatable and curable if caught early – nine out of ten people survive if it’s caught early.
For more information on the bowel screening test, visit getcheckedearly.org or call the Scottish Bowel Screening Helpline on 0800 0121 833.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 48.319786
Retrieved Text: Walk to Make a Difference!
This year, all proceeds raised by the Walk and 5K Run Through the Park benefit lung cancer screening enhancements at Einstein Medical Center Montgomery.
Bring the Family! There’s something for everyone!
Everyone receives a T-shirt and gift bag.
According to the American Cancer Society, lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer death among men and women since it is usually not caught or screened for until it is too far along. This lung cancer screening program platform assists patients navigating the screening process from intake and through diagnosis. Focused on early detection, prevention and analysis, this program will ensure a more efficient tracking, scheduling and screening process so patients and potential patients get the care they need.
Come check out more about The Friends of Einstein Medical Center Montgomery.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 48.024174
Retrieved Text: Public Health England has launched the Government’s first national cervical screening campaign to combat the decline in people getting tested.
Public Health England (PHE) has launched a new widespread campaign to increase the number of women attending their cervical screening.
Cervical Screening Saves Lives has been launched to tackle the decline in the number of women getting tested.
The campaign encourages women to respond to their cervical screening invitation letter. If they missed their previous screening, they should book an appointment with their local GP.
“Attending regular cervical screening is one of the most important things women can do to protect themselves from getting cervical cancer.
“I strongly feel that it’s crucial to get this message across to South Asian women so that they recognise that screening can stop cancer before it starts and thus save lives.
“Coming from the same community, I believe that I have an understanding of some of the barriers to testing within the South Asian community and hence would like to dispel some of the misunderstandings around this.
“Many women in South Asian communities, like other women are nervous or embarrassed about the test and hence put off having it done.
“Some fear the test might be uncomfortable but the nurse doing the test will talk to you about your concerns and help put you at ease.
“There is also a perception that its promiscuous women that need the test or the belief that it’s not necessary if you’ve only had one partner.
Approximately 2,600 women are diagnosed with cervical cancer in England each year. Around 690 women die from the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 47.732265
Retrieved Text: Each year, more than 130,000 U.S. adults are diagnosed with colorectal cancer, the nation’s second-leading cause of cancer deaths. Despite those stark statistics, nearly one-third of adults ages 50 to 75 aren’t getting screened as recommended.
In an American Cancer Society survey of unscreened patients, one of the leading reasons respondents gave for not being screened was that they had not received a screening recommendation from a physician. Family physicians are positioned to make a huge difference in closing this gap because we provide roughly 200 million office visits each year to a vast spectrum of patients.
A physician discusses care options with a patient. An American Cancer Society patient survey indicates that a physician recommendation can make a big difference in whether or not patients are screened for colorectal cancer.
So it was no surprise last year when the National Colorectal Cancer Roundtable (NCCRT) — chaired by family physician Richard Wender, M.D. — sought the AAFP’s support for its 80% by 2018 initiative, which seeks to increase the percentage of adults ages 50 and older who get screened for colorectal cancer to 80 percent by 2018.
It’s been estimated that achieving that goal would prevent more than 200,000 deaths because colorectal cancer can be detected early — when treatment is more likely to be successful — and even prevented through the removal of precancerous polyps.
So where do we stand? The percentage of U.S. adults who have been screened increased from 56 percent in 2002 to 65 percent in 2010. And as the screening rate has risen in recent years,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 47.702126
Retrieved Text: It can literally be a matter of life and death. If you are a current or former smoker, your risk of developing lung cancer could be 25 times higher than someone who never smoked. Today, there’s only one proven way to dramatically improve the likelihood of surviving lung cancer if you get it – early detection through low-dose computer tomography (CT) screening, which leads to treatment of early stage lung cancer.
In 2016, the American Cancer Society predicts there will be 224,000 new cases of lung cancer in the U.S., and of those patients, 158,000 will die from the disease. Lung cancer remains the leading cause of cancer deaths. Eighty-seven percent of those cancers are caused by smoking. If lung cancer is detected early, patients can have up to an 88 percent survival rate 10 years following diagnosis.
Unfortunately, more than 85 percent of lung cancer cases are detected too late for effective treatment. That’s why primary care physicians urge their at-risk patients – particularly those with significant smoking histories – to get screened. The best solution of all, of course, is to quit smoking. But even if you’ve done that, screening is still strongly recommended for high-risk patients.
Lung cancer screening is done with a low-dose CT scan that can identify small nodules (spots on the lungs) or other abnormalities, ideally at an early stage, before there are any outward symptoms. Most of these nodules will not be cancer and that will be determined by additional imaging studies or biopsy.
WHY is this type of screening done for lung

########
Rank: 20
Score: 47.63105
Retrieved Text: Am Fam Physician. 2006 Aug 1;74(3):490-491.
Clinical Question: Does screening mammography result in the identification and treatment of breast cancers that would never be apparent clinically?
Synopsis: There are two possible harmful outcomes of screening for breast cancer. The first is a false-positive result, telling a woman she may have breast cancer only to find out on biopsy that she does not. A more subtle negative outcome is the risk of overdiagnosis, in which breast cancer is detected by mammography in a woman who would otherwise have lived her life never knowing that she had breast cancer. The authors conducting this analysis used the results of the Malmo mammographic screening trial. Over 10 years, 42,283 women were enrolled in the trial and randomized to receive mammography or no mammography. Follow-up continued for another 15 years.
As would be expected, significantly more women receiving mammography were identified as having breast cancer than were non-screened women. However, there continued to be more diagnoses of breast cancer in the screened group than in the nonscreened group, even though during follow-up women in both groups had regular mammography. Because any woman diagnosed with breast cancer was no longer part of the screening group, the initially unscreened women should have caught up and had more breast cancers identified when they started regular mammography. That they did not indicates that overdiagnosis occurred in the women initially assigned to the screening group.
Overall, about 10 percent (95% confidence interval, 1 to 18 percent) of the women who had mammography and were diagnosed with breast cancer were overdiagnosed,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 47.467323
Retrieved Text: Some women believe that they can stop cervical cancer screening once they have stopped having children. This is not true. They should continue to follow American Cancer Society guidelines.
Cervical cancer was once one of the most common causes of cancer death for American women. The cervical cancer death rate dropped significantly with the increased use of the Pap test for screening. But the death rate has not changed much over the last 15 years.
Screening tests offer the best chance to have cervical cancer found early when successful treatment is likely. Screening can also actually prevent most cervical cancers by finding abnormal cervical cell changes (pre-cancers) so that they can be treated before they have a chance to turn into a cervical cancer.
Despite the recognized benefits of cervical cancer screening, not all American women get screened. Most cervical cancers are found in women who have never had a Pap test or who have not had one recently. Women without health insurance and women who have recently immigrated are less likely to have cervical cancer screening.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 47.41428
Retrieved Text: Screening can find cancer before symptoms are noticed or abnormal growths become cancerous. You have more treatment options and a better chance of survival if you have routine screening and your cancer is detected early.
Check these programs to learn about the recommended screening guidelines and what screening you, your family and friends should get.
Contact a screening representative by email ICSRegional@southlakeregional.org or by calling us at: 905-895-4521, ext. 6065.
Although you can get screened without a referral, it is important to have a Family Physician if your test reveals an abnormal result. If you don’t have a physician or a family health care provider who may be accepting new patients, contact Health Care Connect for help finding one in your community.
Please note: This webpage is for information only. Consult your family physician or a health professional and visit Screen for Life to learn about the right screening options for you. Please note, information may change, as we continuously learn more about this disease.
Select, review and download our ScreenZine publication for more tips, resources and details to help you prevent cancer and get screened for it.
Learn about the free education seminars/workshops our Prevention and Screening Team presents to community organizations on how to help prevent cancer and get screened for it.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 47.39968
Retrieved Text: May 1, 2015 — Many women were raised on the mantra "Pap smear once a year."
But for women 21 years and older at average risk for cervical cancer, getting screened once every 3 years should be enough, according to advice from the American College of Physicians (ACP).
There is also a recommendation against screening women younger than 21 for cervical cancer. Also, doctors should not test for human papillomavirus (HPV) infections in women younger than 30, the group says.
The advice was released at the ACP’s internal medicine conference and published online in the Annals of Internal Medicine.
Screening can lower the frequency, severity, and death rate from cervical cancer by spotting precancerous lesions, and it can catch the disease at early stages before symptoms appear. But there are also risks involved with testing and treatment, the authors of the new recommendations say.
Doctors also don’t always follow guidelines, the authors say. They begin screening too early and use it too often, even in women judged to be at low risk because of their age or because they’ve had a hysterectomy.
Although women under 21 commonly have unusual features in the cervix, these are rarely a sign of problems, the authors say. If screened, though, many of these women have procedures including biopsies, and some may be treated even if the unusual features are likely to go away on their own.
Annual screening is no longer recommended because of the high rate of false-positive results -- when a Pap smear result is abnormal -- tied to frequent screening. There is a long

########
Rank: 24
Score: 47.395203
Retrieved Text: Like many diseases, lung cancer is most survivable when it’s caught early. But how do you catch lung cancer before it’s too late? Well, you can start by keeping an eye out for the symptoms and even getting screened. Keep in mind that lung cancer screenings may not be for everyone. And if you do have lung cancer, what are your treatment options? Read on for the lowdown on lung cancer symptoms, screenings and treatments.
Image courtesy of Thomas Lauridsen | Dreamstime.com Image courtesy of Clearvista | Dreamstime.com Image courtesy of Monkey Business Images | Dreamstime.com Image courtesy of Patricioj | Dreamstime.com Image courtesy of Denise P. Lett | Dreamstime.com Image courtesy of Lisa F. Young | Dreamstime.com Image courtesy of Skypixel | Dreamstime.com Image courtesy of Skypixel | Dreamstime.com Image courtesy of Landd09 | Dreamstime.com Mayo Clinic, "Lung cancer" dailyRx, "Lung Cancer Screening Not for Everyone" American Lung Association, "Support From Day One" National Cancer Institute, "Drugs Approved for Lung Cancer" American Lung Association, "How is Lung Cancer Treated?" Mayo Clinic, "Lung Cancer: Treatments and Drugs"

########
Rank: 25
Score: 47.33525
Retrieved Text: In the past, people often stayed away from someone who had cancer. They were afraid they might “catch” the disease. But cancer isn’t like the flu or a cold. You won’t get cancer by being around or touching someone with cancer. Don’t be afraid to visit someone with cancer, they need the support of their family and friends.
Is Cancer a fatal disease with no chance of cure?
Cancer is a treatable disease. If diagnosed early, some types of cancer can be completely cured. Even in advanced stage cancer, much can be done to alleviate symptoms and prolong survival.
Is there anything I can do to avoid cancer?
Yes. 40% of cancers can be prevented if you avoid tobacco, eat healthy, do regular exercise, protect yourself from the sun, avoid alcohol and go for regular checkup.
Breastfeed for as long as possible. The longer you breast feed, the greater the protective effect.
Does breast cancer affect women only?
No, women and men can get breast cancer. Breast cancer is about 100 times less common among men than among women. For men, the lifetime risk of getting breast cancer is about 1 in 1,000.
Does detecting an abnormal mass in the breast mean breast cancer?
No, Benign (non-cancerous) breast conditions are very common, and most women have them. In fact, most breast changes are benign. Unlike breast cancers, benign breast conditions are not life-threatening.
Is breast cancer screening for me?
If you are a woman aged 45-69 with no symptoms, then you have to get screened. Call our call center at 8001112 and book your appointment. According to

########
Rank: 26
Score: 47.265137
Retrieved Text: Dr. Melissa Brents, right, a pathology resident, reviews Pap test charts with Mangle Shanks of Jackson before showing Shanks her results. Shanks was among 41 women offered free cervical, breast and melanoma screenings as part of the College of American Pathologists See, Test and Treat Program, held Saturday at the UMMC Cancer Institute.
Recent findings that the death rate for cervical cancer is higher than previously reported underline the importance of early detection through screenings similar to those held last month at the Jackson Medical Mall.
A free cervical cancer screening for women at the University of Mississippi Medical Center came days after authors of a recently published study said the death rate from this preventable cancer is higher than previously reported.
UMMC health care providers joined with community groups to offer free screenings to 41 Jackson metro-area women.
The Jan. 28 screening was part of the College of American Pathologist’s Foundation See, Test & Treat® Program that provides free breast and pelvic cancer screening to underserved women. The screenings, along with one for acral melanoma, were offered by UMMC, CAP and New Horizon Church.
Two women who had cervical screenings were referred for diagnostic procedures, and 11 women who had mammograms were referred for diagnostic evaluation.
Cervical cancer is preventable and often can be caught early with a pelvic exam and Pap test that examines cells removed from the cervix. Changes in cervical cells may show up three to seven years before they become cancerous. A Pap test can detect early changes before a malignancy occurs. Removing the cells prevents cervical

########
Rank: 27
Score: 47.01763
Retrieved Text: Simple screenings are the key to preventing diseases like colorectal cancer, the second leading cause of cancer deaths among Americans. A colorectal screening can not only detect the presence of cancer, it may even prevent it from forming. Because it can detect polyps — growths that your doctor will remove before they turn into cancer.
Test your knowledge of the following three questions to make sure you understand some essential facts about this important preventive method.
Only people at high risk (those with a family history of colorectal cancer, those who are overweight, and those who smoke) need to be screened.
There’s no one “right” way to be screened for colorectal cancer.
You may need to start testing before age 50 if you have inflammatory bowel disease (IBD).
1. Myth. The American Cancer Society recommends all men and women with an average risk for colorectal cancer get a colonoscopy starting at age 45, while the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force advises getting your first colonoscopy at age 50.
3. Fact. Screening before age 50 also might be wise if you or a close relative has had polyps or cancer. Or, even if your risk is average, you may want to begin screening at age 45, as the American Cancer Society now recommends. Talk with your doctor about the screening schedule that works best for you.
Our goal is to keep you from ever having to fight a cancer battle. But if you do, we’re here for you with continuous compassion and expertise. Learn more about AdventHealth’s gastrointestinal cancer care services here.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 47.00289
Retrieved Text: Care2 Healthy Living | Mammography: Saving Lives Or Overdiagnosis Overkill?
In response to last week’s blog post Was Angelina Jolie “Medically Hexed?” many of you wrote to me asking my medical opinion on screening mammography. So… gulp… here we go. You asked. Mind you, this is simply my understanding of the very complex data – and this blog post is all about my personal opinion and how I came to it – but I totally respect your right to have a very different one! If you or someone you love has had your life saved as the result of mammography, I’m so glad this technology has helped you. My father was a radiologist specializing in mammography, and he’d probably roll over in his grave if he read what I’m about to write. But as I said, this is just my humble opinion. Because you asked.
Keep in mind that what I’m about to talk about is screening mammography, not diagnostic mammography. Screening mammograms are performed when there’s no breast lump or other worrisome breast abnormality, while diagnostic mammograms are performed when there is a known breast abnormality, such as a lump or an abnormal screening mammogram.
I’m also not talking about women with strong family histories or known BRCA gene status. For those women, I strongly recommend regular mammography and follow up with biopsies when necessary.
As you’ll be able to tell if you read old blog posts of mine, I was always pro-mammogram until I started researching the book I’m currently writing. In my research, I’ve uncovered shocking data

########
Rank: 29
Score: 46.956432
Retrieved Text: Mammography detects cancer, but debate rages over when and how often women should get screened.
Women should get screened for breast cancer in their 40s, a study concludes, because they face a greater risk of death when cancers aren't found early.
Seventy percent of the women diagnosed with cancer in their 40s who later died hadn't had a mammogram, compared to 50 percent of women in their 60s. Half of the cancer deaths in the study were in women who had been diagnosed before age 50.
"Breast cancer is primarily a disease of older women, but younger women tend to have faster-growing cancer," says Dr. Barbara Monsees, a professor of women's health and radiology at the Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis. She wasn't involved in the study.
"There are people who feel that screening doesn't reduce death rates, that it's all in treatment," Monsees tells Shots. "This study corroborates prior studies that screening mammograms save lives."
Breast cancer is much less common in younger women and is most often diagnosed when women are over 60. But in this study, the death rate for women diagnosed in their 40s was almost twice that of women diagnosed in their 70s.
The study is sure to add to the ongoing controversy over when and how often women should get mammograms. It backs up the American Cancer Society's recommendation that women get mammograms every year starting at age 40.
But in 2009, the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force, a federally funded independent panel, recommended that, in general, women should wait until age 50 to

================



======= Instance Index 29 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are larger glacier or smaller glacier ):

Smaller tributary glaciers, like tributary streams, flow into the main glacier in their own shallower U-shaped valleys.


If Milo is out exploring and he comes across two glaciers, each with their own u-shaped valley, will the smaller or larger glacier have a larger u-shaped valley larger glacier or smaller glacier?

Target Text: larger glacier

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 42.489513
Retrieved Text: U-shaped valleys, trough valleys or glacial troughs, are formed by the process of glaciation. They are characteristic of mountain glaciation in particular. They have a characteristic U shape, with steep, straight sides and a flat or rounded bottom (by contrast, valleys carved by rivers tend to be V-shaped in cross-section). Glaciated valleys are formed when a glacier travels across and down a slope, carving the valley by the action of scouring. When the ice recedes or thaws, the valley remains, often littered with small boulders that were transported within the ice, called glacial till or glacial erratic.
Examples of U-valleys are found in mountainous regions like the Alps, Caucasus Mountains, Himalaya, Rocky mountains, New Zealand and Canada. They are found also in other major European mountains like those in Scandinavia, the Carpathian Mountains, the Pyrenees, Rila and Pirin mountains in Bulgaria, the Scottish Highlands. A classic glacial trough is in Glacier National Park in Montana, USA in which the St. Mary River runs. Another famous U-shaped valley is the Nant Ffrancon Valley in Snowdonia, Wales.
Formation of a U-shaped valley happens over geologic time, meaning not during a human’s lifespan. It can take anywhere between 10,000 and 100,000 years for a V-shaped valley to be carved into a U-shaped valley. These valleys can be several thousand feet deep and tens of miles long. Glaciers will spread out evenly in open areas, but tend to carve deep into the ground when confined to a valley. Ice thickness is a major contributing factor to valley depth and carving rates. As

########
Rank: 1
Score: 38.227245
Retrieved Text: A Most Magnificent Natural Area, Shared as an International Peace Park and World Heritage Site by the Great Countries of Canada and the United States.
Launch:--The town of Waterton lies wholly within the Park. The site of the scenic cruise boat shuttle, at the northeast end of town, is the location of the Park marina and launch ramp. The ramp has a dock and is relatively easy to use. Park on the main street, Mt. View Road, to the southwest of the ramp.
Nearby campsites: --There is a fine National Park campsite at the south end of town. Electric pull-through sites are available; there are free showers; and the waterfront view at sundown is impressive. Follow Windflower Road southerly and it leads to the entrance. Wild deer graze like sheep in the camp.
Comments: --Waterton is a pretty tourist town. The Prince of Wales Hotel lies on a ridge at the south end of the Waterton Lakes and has a most impressive view. Here the prairie meets the mountain.
CC"It's only a few miles farther north than Saint Mary Lake - we're close - let's go," El likes to 'push the envelope' a bit. We had pulled from salt water in the San Juan Islands and were heading down to Lake Powell several weeks ago, when I had suggested taking the route to the left and exploring some of northern Montana's lake country. We chatted about it at a rest stop on the freeway, and decided to take the road, "the one less travelled by," and it DID make a

########
Rank: 2
Score: 38.055435
Retrieved Text: Aletsch Glacier in the Swiss Alps is the largest alpine glacier. A remnant of the last Ice Age, which ended about 12,000 years ago, it is located at the confluence of three smaller glaciers in the eastern Bernese Alps.
The glacier is 45 square miles (120 square kilometers) in area and extends for 14 miles (23 kilometers). On average, it is 1 mile (1.5 kilometers) in width.
Aletsch Glacier flows at a rate of 590 feet (180 meters) per year.
At its source, it is about 3,000 feet (900 meters) thick. By the time it reaches the Rhone Valley, it has thinned out to only about 500 feet (150 meters).
The foot of the glacier is about 5,118 feet (1,560 meters) above sea level.
The Massa River, a tributary of the Rhone River, is made up of meltwater from the glacier.
Because Aletsch Glacier was formed by the merging of three smaller glaciers, two dark stripes, known as medial moraines, run along its surface. These consist of debris that was pushed alongside the smaller glaciers.
Known for its spectacular beauty, the Jungfrau-Aletsch-Bietschhorn region of the Alps, where Aletsch Glacier is located, has striking lakes, U-shaped valleys, horn peaks and curtains of rock - geological features that were formed by glacial activity. This region is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
In 2008, a 260 foot (80 meter) high suspension bridge was built over Massa Gorge, an immense gorge that was carved out by the glacier over thousands of years.
By studying the glacier scientists have learned more about the history of our planet and its ecosystems.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 35.875217
Retrieved Text: The photo above shows Logan Pass in Glacier National Park, Montana. Many of the glaciers in this beautiful park have been noticeably receding, but the effects of the glacial ice that nearly covered this corner of northwestern Montana are quite obvious. For example, on this photo, a characteristic U-shaped valley (mid-ground), arêtes (along ridge crest) and a rock-basin lake (lower center) are all visible. Of the 150 glaciers that formed during the last ice age in what is now Glacier Park only 25 remain. A recent USGS survey shows that the remaining park glaciers are thinning by an average of more than 5.5 ft (1.7 m) each year. Photo taken in July of 2006.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 34.265347
Retrieved Text: Bass Lake is a year-round resort area located in the Sierra Nevada Mountains. The area is the gateway to the south entrance to Yosemite National Park. the Lake was formed in 1910 when the dam was built at the south end of the lake. Bass Lake is 7km ( 4 1/2 miles) long and 1km(1/2 mile) wide. The water is used to generate electricity for central California and is stocked year-round with fish by the California Department of Fish and Game. The area was once home to the Mono Indians.
A mountainous region of unusual beauty, the Park is in central California on the western slopes of the Sierra Nevada. It is much larger than most people realise with the Yosemite Valley occupying only seven of the 3,100 square km (1,200 square miles) .
The natural history of Yosemite spans many millions of years, starting from the ancient age when a warm shallow sea spread across what is now the Sierra Nevada and Great Valley of California. after a long sequence of earth upheavals followed by erosion, glaciers gouged Yosemite into a U-shaped trough. The first of at least three glaciers extended down the Merced River as far as El Portal, while the last left a moraine of rock debris damming the Merced back into Yosemite Valley.
It was glacier action that rounded and polished domes like Liberty Cap and Lamberts Dome. Other domes, however, like Sentinel and half Dome, are the result of a geological process called exfoliation, a steady weathering, chipping and crumbling of rock layers that

########
Rank: 5
Score: 33.115032
Retrieved Text: Corrected entry: In the scene where Teddy Chin figures out the solution (shortly before he's killed), when the camera pulls back away from the desk you can see that his computer only has a power cord plugged into it. There is no way that he could type or see anything on his monitor.
Correction: There's a faintly visible white cord (likely the keyboard) that comes from the upper-middle of the tower. VGA cards are usually installed in the lower portion of a tower so the port and connecting cord would not be visible in the panned-out shot.
Correction: The shadow he paces next to is not the shadow of a camera, it's the shadow of the satellite dish connected to the daycare center. The dish is designed to look like a computer mouse which is the same shape the shadow takes on.
Corrected entry: Have you noticed how all these so called computer experts, particularly Milo, seem to type so slowly? You would think having been around computers and doing codes for most of their lives that they would type at least slightly quicker than average, but they really don't. In fact at one point Milo is seen typing with one finger on each hand, anyone who studies computers to his level knows how to do it properly.
Correction: As a programmer of 11 years myself and an avid two finger typist I disagree with your comment/logic. I have may very skilled friends who also can not take the time to type with more than two fingers. It's no secret

########
Rank: 6
Score: 33.060284
Retrieved Text: Milo and Wanda have always sat in the same pew of our church, on the north side. And they were always touching, holding hands. His arm was often draped around her, along the back of the pew. Her hand rested on his leg.
He dragged around an oxygen tank. She needed knee surgery. They’d been married for nearly 65 years.
And they still had stars in their eyes.
One Sunday a while back, Wanda scooted over to my pew before church, and she held out her hand. “Look!” she beamed.
She wanted me to see what Milo had bought for her — a new Black Hills Gold ring. I looked over Wanda’s shoulder to see that ol’ lovebird beaming. He told me he’d seen the ring in a catalog that arrived at their farm. He thought she needed it — just because. He bought the ring for no other reason than love.
After church, we drank coffee together in the fellowship hall. I asked them the secret to their happy marriage. He asserted that it was mostly due to the fact that he was “always right.” He winked, and we all laughed.
And then Milo got a little teary-eyed. Because I asked him about their first years of love, the years filled with hope and that starry-eyed belief that deep happiness is possible. Milo and Wanda got married right there on the family farm, on April 28, 1950. And for years, they kept meeting in their fields. During planting season, she would run across the rows of newly planted crops to bring

########
Rank: 7
Score: 32.775826
Retrieved Text: Once upon a time the Alps were twice as high as today. Mountains were rising 6.000 meters upon the wild landscape. But what has happened that the entire mountain range then lost almost half of its height? And where the hell has all that material disappeared?
Limestone is a fragile material. To be honest, fish bones and shrimp carapaces are not exactly some solid volcanic rock. And, if we add an extreme weather forecast for another millennium, good old gravity and few violent earthquakes, we get … landslides.
Sediment layers collapse with turbulent force to the valley and on their way smash whatever they meet. River of rocks, mud, pebbles and sand brings to the valley tons of material.
This is the formula by which the Alps are losing their height even today. Landslides are common in the Soča valley as well.
In November 2000, after few days of heavy rain, a landslide was triggered on the slope of Mangart mountain and devastated the village of Log pod Mangartom. Million cubic meters of material (mud, rocks and tree trunks) terribly destroyed this part of our valley. An avalanche can be seen if you drive along the road towards the pass Predil from the bridge just before a part of the road turns to mount Mangart.
From all this material deposited in the valleys by landslides Alpine hills were formed. Some of it was also washed away by the rivers to the sea. And, if all this material was put together again the Alps would be as high as the Himalayas.
Something else

########
Rank: 8
Score: 32.435932
Retrieved Text: Planet of the Apes – THE BOOKS THAT TIME FORGOT.
George Taylor has just found out that he is on Earth after coming on the Statue of Liberty. His journey to the ruins of Manhattan get him separated from his mate Nova. Here he finds a futuristic city with robots run by a hybrid ape/human child. Only this is an illusion by the mutants that control the city. They believe Taylor is a servant of the apes and are determined to find out what he knows about their plans to invade. Through flashbacks we see Taylor’s life including his finding a downed UFO during the Korean war. This lead to him getting into the secret ANSA space program using salvaged alien technology. All this against a surreal alternate history where Goldwater won the presidency and Texas has seceded.
Meanwhile in Ape City the old order is falling apart. A fundamentalist orangutan has become the head of the church and allies with General Ursus in his crusade to rid Simia of it’s humans. As the army marches into the Forbidden Zone Zira and Cornelius get involved with a chimpanzee revolution and Dr. Milo as he manages to salvage the astronauts spacecraft. Mungwort the garbage ape that was exiled gets involved with hybrid human/ape mutants in the ruins of New York controlled by the giant brains called the Inheritors. All comes to the final confrontation with the mutant’s doomsday bomb god.
So this book is the untold story between the first and second movies. Here we get Taylor’s story including his

########
Rank: 9
Score: 32.11622
Retrieved Text: Glaciers are large masses of densely packed ice that are constantly moving due to their surface slope, pressure and gravitational forces. A glacier forms over many years when snow and ice builds up faster than it is removed. The removal of snow and ice is called ablation and includes processes such as melting and evaporation.
more snow falling on top. As individual snow flakes are crushed by this immense weight pressure, air is squeezed from the snow turning it into a very dense glacial ice. Glacial ice will continue to fill the névé until eventually a geological weakening or gap between mountains means the ice mass will start to move down a slope surface.
the ice and now rock too slides over the bedrock essentially smoothing and polishing it like sandpaper on wood.
Researchers are able to determine the direction of historical glaciers by examining bedrock scrapings such as glacial striations (long carved scratches caused by large boulders moving with the glacier) and chatter marks (crescent-shaped lines caused by boulders being constantly dragged and released).
also containing left behind sediment deposits. Usually mountain valleys are “V” shaped. Glaciers deepen, smooth and widen the valleys into a "U" shape. Within these glacial valleys, depressions and deposits left behind are filled by water to create lakes and fjords.
is covered by various types of glaciers.
The word "glacier" comes from the French language and the name is derived from the Latin word glacies meaning "ice". The study of glaciers and their related processes is called glaciology. The study of glaciers is very important for

########
Rank: 10
Score: 31.992342
Retrieved Text: Rutter, N.w. and Nathan Baker. "Glaciers in Canada". The Canadian Encyclopedia, 07 February 2019, Historica Canada. https://www.thecanadianencyclopedia.ca/en/article/glacier. Accessed 18 April 2019.
Glacier at Columbia Icefield in Jasper National Park Canada.
A glacier is formed by the compaction of snow into ice crystals and commonly also contains air, water and rock debris (Colour Library Books).
Angel Glacier hangs over a cliff below Mount Edith Cavell in Jasper National Park Canada.
Closeup of hanging glacier near Moraine Lake, Banff National Park, Alberta, Canada.
Glacier ice moves downslope or outward in all directions under the weight of gravity. This commonly occurs through internal deformation (structural changes within the glacier) and basal sliding (when the glacier moves on a base layer of meltwater). Glaciers may end on land, in the ocean (as an ice shelf) or in a lake. Their movement, though much slower, is comparable to the flow of a river.
There are two principal categories of glaciers: alpine glaciers and continental glaciers.
Alpine glaciers form on mountains whose high elevation and cold temperatures allow layers of snow to accumulate and compact into ice. Valley glaciers, whose movement follows underlying slopes, are common examples. Their speed varies, but most of these glaciers move less than a metre per day on average. Some valley glaciers, called surging glaciers, can achieve speeds greater than 60 m per day.
When a political or societal process takes a very long time, the adjective glacial — a reference to the slow movement of glaciers — is often used to describe its pace.
Tens of thousands of valley glaciers exist worldwide. In Canada, they

########
Rank: 11
Score: 31.739748
Retrieved Text: Sudan, Map of Oil Producing Regions.
The Sudan has oil for sale; it sells oil primarily to Asian countries, among them China. What if, instead, the sales went to Europe? Or to the U.S.?
In Olen Steinhauer’s espionage tale The Tourist (book 1 of the Milo Series) a mysterious free-agent called The Tiger has traveled to Khartoum to assassinate a Sudanese official. The Tiger has also carried out several other seemingly unrelated assassinations that may be aimed at interrupting Sudan/China relations. The CIA is ordered to put Tiger out of action and get to the bottom of this plot. Undercover field agent Milo Weaver is assigned this dangerous and difficult task. It may mean the end of his career.
“Riverun, past Eve,” Tom Granger said.
Learned Grainger had created go-codes out of the first lines of novels. His own Joycean code told him he was needed someplace new.
That is a mouthful for an agent to remember when an assassin is shooting at you.
Milo, whose cover name is Charles Alexander, works for an ultra-secret group within the CIA that is called the Travel Agency. Using that same travel metaphor, Milo is a Tourist. He travels the world disguised as a tourist, but, unlike the usual tourist and like his British cousin James Bond, Milo is licensed to kill.
As the flashback continues: Milo’s new assignment takes him to Slovenia to trace down some missing money. Unfortunately, the job turns out badly; Milo is shot and it seems that his days as a Tourist are over.
The story picks up years later, Milo is

########
Rank: 12
Score: 31.579771
Retrieved Text: Description: Yosemite National Park sits in the central part of California. With its 'hanging' valleys, cirque lakes, polished domes, numerous waterfalls, moraines and U-shaped valleys, it offers an outstanding overview of all kinds of glaciation-created granite relief. An immense range of flora and fauna can be found at this 600–4,000 m altitude. --WHMNet paraphrase from the description at WHC Site, where additional information is available.
Yosemite National Park is a national park located largely in Mariposa and Tuolumne Counties, California, United States. The park covers an area of 761,266 acres or 1,189 square miles (3,081 km²) and reaches across the western slopes of the Sierra Nevada mountain chain. Yosemite is visited by over 3.5 million people each year, with most visitors only seeing the seven square miles (18 km²) of Yosemite Valley. Designated a World Heritage Site in 1984, Yosemite is internationally recognized for its spectacular granite cliffs, waterfalls, clear streams, Giant Sequoia groves, and biological diversity. About 89% of the park is designated wilderness. Although not the first designated national park, Yosemite was a focal point in the development of the national park idea, largely owing to the work of people like John Muir. Yosemite is one of the largest and least fragmented habitat blocks in the Sierra Nevada, and the park supports a diversity of plants and animals. The park has an elevation range from 2,000 to 13,114 feet (600 to 4,000 m) and contains five major vegetation zones: chaparral/oak woodland, lower montane, upper montane, subalpine, and alpine. Of California's 7,000 plant species, about 50%

########
Rank: 13
Score: 31.174093
Retrieved Text: We went up to Terrell, TX to find Milo, who is a Wire Hair Fox Terrier. At the time, he was the baby of the group. He's 200% energy! He has tons of personality and loves nothing better than to be petted and played with and he will reward you with unlimited kisses. He has totally captured Frank's heart.
We were very excited to bring him home...but can't say the current occupants were as excited. Gracie wasn't quite sure what to make of him, but she's being good with him. Then Milo jumped on Owen who came totally unglued!
After Gracie got the point across to Milo that she would not be nursing him, they began playing together. Gracie is cautious not to step on him or play too rough - although after watching Milo with his brothers, it's a wonder he ever made it out of Terrell!
We have a large Longaberger basket that Owen claimed - so we've put a pillow in it and a thinner pillow on top of that. Somehow Milo climbed into Owen's basket (it's 4 times taller than him) and got between the pillows. Owen comes sauntering in, climbs into his bed and out pops Milo. I think Owen lost 3 of his lives! We shouldn't think it's so funny, but it was better than any cartoon!
It’s said you should never have favorites when it comes to your children or four legged family members. I love all of our animals – but Milo is my heart! There is something about that little face

########
Rank: 14
Score: 30.983873
Retrieved Text: It is actually important to make a choice of a design for the u shaped leather sectional sofas. For those who don't perfectly need to get a specific choice, this will assist you decide what exactly sofas to acquire and how various color choices and styles to work with. You can also get ideas by looking for on some websites, going through home interior decorating catalogs, accessing several furnishing stores then making note of decors that you prefer.
Find a quality place then place the sofas in a place that is really compatible measurements to the u shaped leather sectional sofas, which is also relevant to the it's advantage. For starters, in the event you want a wide sofas to be the attraction of a space, next you must set it in a zone which is noticeable from the room's entry places also please do not overflow the furniture item with the room's style.
There are some spaces you might install the sofas, for that reason consider with reference to position spots also set units depending on measurements, color selection, subject and layout. The size of the product, appearance, type and also amount of pieces in your room could possibly establish in what way they will be put in place and to take advantage of appearance of the right way they relate to each other in dimensions, form, object, concept and also color style.
Know the u shaped leather sectional sofas this is because creates an element of energy on your room. Your decision of sofas commonly reveals your

########
Rank: 15
Score: 30.928936
Retrieved Text: I'm here with Dr. Simon Brocklehurst at the University of Manchester.
He's a senior lecturer in Earth surface processes.
So Simon, we're talking about glaciers and how they affect the Earth's surface.
change the structure of the Earth's surface?
rivers and have a very distinct signal in the landscape.
and in foreground there's a very conspicuous lake which is the Tasman lake.
It's only about 50 years old.
the glacier has deposited within that or preceding that time frame.
And that's this material all remaining right there?
material being transported on the top of the glacier in the background.
So that's actually the glacier right here?
the glacier but low down is transporting this material on top of the ice.
That should look extremely grubby and somehow unimpressive.
the very short time scale involved.
this glacier was 40 kilometers longer extended far down valley.
It's only been terminating in this area in the last 100 years or something like that.
So these giant piles of debris have only accumulated in a relatively short time frame.
And this debri, this rock and soil would have originated from up here in these peaks?
and some of it is material that the glacier has picked up from below.
so rivers always have to flow downhill.
at the bed of the glacier.
They can actually scoop out and create a hole which rivers can't do.
Tasman lake here is a fine example of a product of glacial erosion.
A very distinct landscape from what we see when there are just rivers.
And so, what does the shape then of the valley look like after it's undergone glaciation?
Yes, the cross-section is one of the key

########
Rank: 16
Score: 30.910883
Retrieved Text: Four EPFL researchers will explore New Zealand’s glacier-fed streams for two months, marking the first step in a global journey that will take them across 15 countries by 2021. Discover more about this unique expedition on the EPFL Out There blog.
What else besides water do we lose as glaciers vanish? That’s the question a team of scientists led by EPFL will set out to answer by exploring and studying the world’s most prominent mountain glaciers. New Zealand marks the first step towards this three-year scientific adventure around the world. The project, called "Vanishing Glaciers" is lead from Switzerland by Tom Battin, professor and director of the Stream Biofilm and Ecosystem Research Laboratory (SBER).
By collecting microorganisms from hundreds of glacier-fed streams and analyzing their genomes, the scientists hope to understand, before it disappears, how this microbial life has adapted to the extreme conditions it is exposed to and how it is changing as the world’s mountain glaciers melt.
Read our news article from 27.07.2018: "EPFL scientists set out to explore microbial life in glacier streams"
After several months of training in Switzerland, the field team is now ready to departure. The team is composed of Mike Styllas (geologist, expeditions leader), Hannes Peter (aquatic microbial ecology), Matteo Tolosano and Vincent de Staercke (alpinists, environmental biologists and scientists). They will be staying in New Zealand for two months, exploring glaciers of several areas (Arthur’s Pass, West Coast, Mount Cook Village, Haast Pass, Wanaka and Milford Sound) and working with local scientists and alpinists. Until 2021, the team will visit 15 countries

########
Rank: 17
Score: 30.868334
Retrieved Text: Ahsoka gives Ezra a lesson in finding his inner strength and trusting in the Force when she disarms him and pressures him to adapt to her attacks on the fly.
Three years after the onset of the Clone Wars, the noble Jedi Knights have been leading a massive clone army into a galaxy-wide battle against the Separatists. When the sinister Sith unveil a thousand-year-old plot to rule the galaxy, the Republic crumbles and from its ashes rises the evil Galactic Empire. Jedi hero Anakin Skywalker is seduced by the dark side of the Force to become the Emperor’s new apprentice–Darth Vader. The Jedi are decimated, as Obi-Wan Kenobi and Jedi Master Yoda are forced into hiding. The only hope for the galaxy are Anakin’s own offspring.
From acclaimed writer Charles Soule comes a brand-new, exhilarating series exploring Darth Vader’s early history. Picking up directly where Star Wars: Episode III – Revenge of the Sith ends, follow Vader as he receives his legendary red lightsaber and witness Vader’s rise to power as a Dark Lord of the Sith!
In Star Wars: Rebels, Kanan Jarrus is a cocky, sarcastic renegade fighting the Galactic Empire alongside the ragtag crew of the Ghost. But years before, during the Clone Wars, he was known as Caleb Dume, a Jedi Padawan training under Master Depa Billaba. Neither master nor apprentice ever suspected that their “loyal” Clone Troopers would turn on them upon the issuing of Order 66 — the Emperor’s directive to execute all Jedi. How did Caleb Dume escape the Jedi purge? How did

########
Rank: 18
Score: 30.719261
Retrieved Text: A valley is a type of land formation. A valley is a lower part in the land, between two higher parts which might be hills or mountains. Valleys often start as a downward fold between two upward folds in the surface of the Earth. A valley is made deeper by a stream of water or a river as it flows from the high land to the lower land, and into a lake or sea. Some valleys are made by glaciers which are slow-moving rivers of ice. When a valley is made deeper or wider by water or ice, this is called erosion. Wind can also make valleys larger by erosion.
A valley has a "head" where it begins in the mountains or hills, "sides" where it rises up on either side, a "floor" which is where the valley is most flat. Some valleys have an "entrance" where the valley opening can be seen between two hills or mountains or cliffs. A place where a valley is very narrow and has high walls is sometimes called a "gorge". (This word "gorge" is sometimes used to mean the "throat" on a human body).
Many of the people of the world live in valleys because there is often a river or stream in a valley for fresh water, and there is often good soil in a valley to grow crops.
Mountains and hills are made when the layers of rock and soil (called "strata") get folded up. There are always valleys in hills and mountains, in between the highest parts which are

########
Rank: 19
Score: 30.695097
Retrieved Text: Fine Art Limited Edition of 100 - The geology of the Yosemite area is characterized by granitic rocks and remnants of older rock. About 10 million years ago, the Sierra Nevada was uplifted and then tilted to form its relatively gentle western slopes and the more dramatic eastern slopes. The uplift increased the steepness of stream and river beds, resulting in formation of deep, narrow canyons. About one million years ago, snow and ice accumulated, forming glaciers at the higher alpine meadows that moved down the river valleys. Ice thickness in Yosemite Valley may have reached 4,000 feet (1,200 m) during the early glacial episode. The downslope movement of the ice masses cut and sculpted the U-shaped valley that attracts so many visitors to its scenic vistas today. Photo © copyright by Aaron Reed.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 30.439915
Retrieved Text: Folks that enjoy playing Axolot’s Scrap Mechanic might find that it’s a bit hard to build an actual two-wheeled motorcycle that can drive straight and make turns. A new build of a somewhat sleek two-wheeled motorcycle has surfaced up, and the mechanics and blueprints for its working design are revealed.
For those looking to keep their two-wheel drive stable while making turns on Scrap Mechanic, look no further. YouTuber Blitzkriegler has a nice long video showing how to build it, drive it and how to control a moving and turning motorcycle across various types of ground.
To start things off, first put down a lift and place over it a metal sheet that is shaped like a U. Placing a controller on the inner part of the U-shaped metal piece inside of it will help produce a 30 degree angle fork for turning. You can catch this part in the video below at 3:35.
Next you will need to connect an engine to the back of the controller, which sits in the back part of the U-shaped metal piece. You will need to place two sideways pipe parts that allow longer pipes to connect on the opposite side end of the engine and controller so that you can turn while driving. This part can be seen in the video below at 4:28.
From here you will need to build out the front part of the bike, which will have two smaller turn-pipe pieces facing inwards. Afterwards, you will need to select more pipes that create a Y shape connecting to

########
Rank: 21
Score: 30.348518
Retrieved Text: As more and more people shop online, one start-up is pursuing a contrarian idea. Milo is a Web site where people can find out where to buy things offline.
Shoppers visit Milo and enter something they want to buy, like a MacBook or a specific brand of shoes, and enter a location — an address or ZIP code. The site presents a description and reviews of the products and a list of which local retailers carry it and which have the size, color and model they want in stock.
Some big-name investors think Milo is on to something. On Tuesday, the company announced that it has raised $4 million from True Ventures and well-known Silicon Valley angel investors including Ron Conway, an early investor in Google and PayPal; Keith Rabois, an early investor in YouTube and LinkedIn; and Aaron Patzer, the founder of Mint.com.
Of course, the reason that Amazon and other e-commerce sites are growing so quickly is that people want to avoid leaving home and driving to a store. But Mr. Abraham insists that people actually prefer to touch a product before buying it and get it immediately instead of waiting for it to be shipped. They just want to know it will be there when they arrive.
Milo incorporates other useful aspects of shopping online, like ratings, reviews and price comparisons, and makes it less likely that a shopper will go to a store only to discover that an item is out of stock. Plus, shopping local is trendy right now.
Strange as it may sound, many retailers

########
Rank: 22
Score: 30.317116
Retrieved Text: SEE SCOTLAND 40 MILLION YEARS AGO extracted from www.bayviewkentallen.co.uk Please edit as you wish and would you kindly give a link to the web site please? For free reproduction, I own the copyright. Imagine the world as it was. Go back millions of years, well before mankind.
But after the worst ice ages. Imagine the mountain scenery around here. Glaciers have scoured out the valleys. The glaciers have already dumped the huge boulders in the valleys, the remnants of their terminal moraines. Earthquake eruptions have already caused huge chasms and cliff faces where roped rock climbers now go for sport.
The slow weathering of the mountain tops centimetre by centimetre, year by year, has caused the mountain scree that runs under your feet to-day and is so tough on your knees. It has reduced the height of the mountains to mere 4,000 foot stumps from the giants of 14,000 feet they were once, the size of the Alps, perhaps 40 million years before. Yet, if you have a mind so to do, it is not difficult to view this world exactly as it was.
Exactly. To-days human existence will be tiny specks and easy to ignore. They've only been here for the 10,000 years since the last Ice Age. A little dreaming and you are back in time. It will take you three hours to get to the top. The easy method of looking back millions of years.
Just do the Cuil Hill walk to the top. 45 minutes, nothing in it, on the other side of the Bay. Look

########
Rank: 23
Score: 30.280628
Retrieved Text: Geologists did not always believe that glaciers were responsible for U-shaped valleys and other glacial erosional features. Ice is quite soft and it was unbelievable to many that it could be responsible for the severe carving of bedrock characteristic of glacial erosion. German geologist Penck and American geologist Davis were vocal supporters of this unprecedented glacial erosion.
Progress was made in the 1970s and 1980s on the possible mechanisms of glacial erosion and U-shaped valleys via models proposed by various scientists. Numerical models have been created to explain the phenomenon of carving U-shaped valleys.
^ a b c "glacial valley | geological formation". Encyclopedia Britannica. Retrieved 2017-05-23.
^ a b "Wiley Online Library". doi:10.1002/esp.3290130805/pdf (inactive 2018-09-11).
^ Karlsen, Ole G. (1981). Delta: naturgeografi for den videregående skolen. Oslo: TANO. ISBN 8251814782.
^ Hamblin, P. F., & Carmack, E. C. (1978). River‐induced currents in a Fjord Lake. Journal of Geophysical Research: Oceans, 83(C2), 885-899.
^ Gjessing, Just (1978). Norges landformer. Oslo: Universitetsforl. ISBN 8200017729.
^ a b c d Blackie, Blackie's Dictionary of Geography, Mumbai: Blackie, 2000, p. 344.
^ a b Monkhouse, F.J., Dictionary of Geography, London: AldineTransaction, 1970, p.359.
^ Buhl-Mortensen L, et al. "51 - Banks, Troughs, and Canyons on the Continental Margin off Lofoten, Vesterålen, and Troms, Norway". Seafloor Geomorphology as Benthic Habitat. doi:10.1016/B978-0-12-385140-6.00051-7. ISBN 978-0-12-385140-6.
^ Bierman; et al. Key Concepts in Geomorphology.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 30.266111
Retrieved Text: There’s a number of snacks out there that we would describe as Australian icons. Vegemite is at the top of the list; Tim Tams are a given; and without a doubt Nestle’s Milo mixed with milk is right up there.
But now, the iconic Aussie brand have announced that they are making a major change to the Milo recipe, and we don’t know how to feel!
The new version of the choc malt drink is said to be healthier and includes 30% less added sugar. It comes after Nestle Australia copped backlash over the product’s controversial 4.5 health star rating last year.
Of course with the announcement of a change after more than 80-years on supermarket shelves, there’s one question on everyone’s lips. Will it still taste the same?
Spokeswoman for Nestle, Margaret Stuart, seems to think so!
“It tastes exactly the same, so much so, most people don’t even notice the difference,” she said to News.com.au.
“When we were working on developing Milo 30% less added sugar, our focus was on creating a product that looks like original Milo, tastes like original Milo, and behaves like original Milo - crunchy bits and all.
The new version of Milo has been in production for two-years and will be available from next month without any Cane Sugar in the ingredients.
But don’t worry, you’ll still be able to buy the original version if you prefer!
Nestle general manager Andrew McIver has said that the change comes as families are becoming more concerned with the nutritional value of the food they’re feeding their kids.
“People will be able

########
Rank: 25
Score: 30.20333
Retrieved Text: First off, why is Molly posting about Jeremiah’s hunting trip? Jeremiah’s busy cutting up chamois (mountain goat) so he contracted with a ghost writer for this one. The price? A ginger beer, and the stipulation that I get to write it my own way.
Early Saturday morning a group of 3 guys headed out to the Canterbury side of the southern Alps, parked their trucks, and mountain biked in to a flat river valley to set up camp.
The weekend forecast was amazing for the beginning of winter–clear skies and hardly a breeze. The only catch was that it was COLD. Well, cold for NZ, dipping to perhaps 20 degrees F (-7 C). Cold enough to make impressive frost on the tent and freeze the guys’ damp boots solid. In the morning they peered out at the frigid valley willing the sun’s rays to reach the tent just a bit faster. Nothing doing. That little star up on the mountain shoulder is where Jeremiah spotted his chamois.
Riding a mountain bike with a full pack is no mean feat–or so they tell me. Only meat fiends would try it (like the pun Mom?). I guess biking beats walking the same distance, both in time and effort. It took an hour to bike in, where walking would have taken 2 and a half, precious time saved for stalking animals.
Look at those mountains–Naked! The animals still take quite a bit of effort to find. Jeremiah marked out his route in red going nearly to the top on this photo.
If only I

########
Rank: 26
Score: 30.111774
Retrieved Text: This configuration gives you a 3m x 2m U shaped stand with one open side. Popular for exhibitions and events as well as for shopping outlets. galleries and other marketing uses. We supply the three individual straight frames with two rectangular feet each, allowing you to use each frame on its own for smaller events.
Dimensions: This kit includes two straight walls that measure 2006mm (w) x 2260mm (h) and one wall measures 2970mm (w) x 2260mm (h).
Why choose the One Open Side 3m x 2m Fabric Display Stand?
Graphics: This kit comes with three stretch fabric graphics. All three graphics are seamless and can be printed on the front with a plain white rear or printed on both sides. The graphics are printed using the dye sublimation printing technique for a high quality and durable graphic. Graphics are slid over the framework and zipped closed along the bottom.
Bag: Comes with three carry bags. We recommend storing and transporting the fabric graphics separately from your framework to avoid damage and snagging to the graphics.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 30.09849
Retrieved Text: This amazing Iceland Hut-based Backpacking Trip combines the two most iconic hiking trails in Iceland: the famous Laugavegur Trail and the Fimmvordurhals mountain pass trail. These trails are iconic for good reason - they feature the best of Iceland on an adventurous, stunningly beautiful trek through classic Iceland landscapes!
The Laugavegur-Skogar Backpack begins at the Laugavegur Trailhead in Landmannalaugar, where we head out across colorful mountains, geothermal features, obsidian lava fields, green mossy hills, black sand deserts and the lush birch forests of the Thorsmork Valley. We will be trekking adjacent to 2 major Icelandic icecaps : Myrdalsjokull and the famous Eyjafjallajokull. From the Thorsmork valley, we continue hiking south, up and over the Fimmvordurhals mountain pass, until we reach an amazingly fresh lava field that was created in March, 2010!
As on all Iceland treks, the weather can be relatively harsh (windy, cold and rainy usually mixed with some sunshine and calm conditions as well). The huts are communal and rustic, and provide wonderful refuge from potentially bad weather in the evenings. Join us and prepare yourself for a very authentic Icelandic hiking experience! Give us a call at 1-888-966-TREK (8735) to learn more or book your spot today!
After a delicious breakfast, we will begin our trek out of the mountains and across a black sand desert. Soon enough the glaciers and moss of the lush mountains we’ve been in will disappear and we will be hiking across an amazing desert of black sand. This afternoon we have the option – if weather and conditions permit –

########
Rank: 28
Score: 29.93983
Retrieved Text: It seems most salons have a U shaped galley (open to the center of the boat) located in the front of the salon (N40, KK39, etc) The aft section of the salon is often a L or U settee across from a bench settee. I see many forego the bench to provide room for some recliner type seating (depending on the amount of entertaining done aboard I assume).
My question is: why is the galley usually forward with the seating aft? If the salon has windows on three sides, wouldn't one want the L or U shaped settee forward to provide a panoramic view aft while seated? I realize a galley with overhead cabinetry would block some of those views, but I would think a linear or L shaped galley along one side might open up some space while providing a better vista from an aft facing settee, no? I believe the AT365 has a layout like I'm describing. Does a U shaped galley at the front of the salon really improve safety and efficiency while cooking in rough water? For those folks who have a salon layout like the AT365 (or other owners with "non-standard" salon layouts) can you comment on your ability (or your need) to cook in rough water?
I think the cabinets would preclude any aft windows, and the door would be in the way.
Just curious about how these three layout options would compare to the more common U-shaped galley forward arrangement.
I have option A and love it.
The galley in the salon design works

########
Rank: 29
Score: 29.834679
Retrieved Text: Also known as a C shaped kitchen, a U shaped kitchen features a workspace surrounded by three walls of cabinetry with only one open end for access. Small U shaped kitchens can be space-efficient, versatile and feature a peninsula. They may also have kitchen islands or just enough space for the cook to do the work while the visitors sit just across the island.
While U-shaped kitchens are a popular layout, they also have some limitations homeowners should be aware of. In this guide, we walk you through the do’s and don’ts of U-shaped kitchens for a comprehensive understanding.
Every kitchen layout comes with a set of convenience and caveat. U shaped kitchens are no exceptions. As an ambitious homemaker who spends their hard-earned money on kitchen remodeling, you should know what to expect from your kitchen.
Remodeling Cost/Budget: Are U-shaped kitchens expensive to build? With the unbroken run of cabinets and countertops on three sides, you would need to install a lot of countertop and lots of cabinets too. Which means more upfront investment on cabinetry. Does your current kitchen remodeling budget account for it? Think about that.
Kitchen Efficiency: Are U-shaped kitchens efficient enough for cooking? It depends — if it’s a small kitchen, it may not enough elbow room for more than one cook at a time since it’s closed from three sides. However, this may not be an issue if you have a large kitchen with ample working area for multiple people. Moreover, the kitchen triangle formula may not work as the refrigerator may be placed

================



======= Instance Index 30 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are 0 or 1 ):

The more acidic a solution is, the closer its pH value will be to 0


Eric drank a glass of juice. The juice tasted sweet. The pH of the drink is likely closest to 0 or 1?

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 49.077835
Retrieved Text: Manufactured by Vitasoy in Hong Kong this Vita Guava Juice Drink sounded like a Summery tropical taste sensation. I've drank plenty of tropical juice drinks before and I'm sure guava was in their ingredients, I have also tried a pure guava juice drink in a can by a different make before, so I wanted to see if this little carton was just as refreshing. On first taste I noticed this Vita Guava Juice Drink tasted slightly different. It was not as sweet and syrupy, and had more of a natural fruity guava flavour. I have to admit it was still very refreshing and also refreshingly different than our fruity soft drinks that you can buy in regular supermarkets and corner shops. Give this a try, it's different, refreshing (did I already say that?) and healthy feeling. It's a quick fix step away from the norm.
250ml with 125 calories, 0g of fat and 31g of sugar. Ingredients include; water, sugar, Guava purée (minimum 5%), ascorbic acid (E330), natural and artificial flavouring, and high in Vitamin C.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 45.101902
Retrieved Text: This drink is named after my godson. Not because he drinks it (he’s only six) but because the rest of us all drank it at his christening/birthday/frankly any occasion that presented an opportunity to get cracking with the Campari, blood orange juice and prosecco. You do need to use blood orange juice to make it. Tropicana do a version – look for the red carton and sanguinello name. The sparkling wine can be anything (even cheap as chips cava) as long as it’s not sweet. I prefer cheap sparkling wine here to champagne.
Mix all three ingredients in a jug. Pour into glasses. This is pretty much the only drink I am ever prepared to serve in flutes – but an ordinary wine glass does just as well. Plus it’s dangerously gulpable so a flute might not be big enough.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 45.02744
Retrieved Text: If you love a big glass of green juice to start your day, then good for you! You're already on the right path to getting unrefined nutrients right to your system in one of the healthiest, easiest ways possible. For a lot of people though, green drank has a stigma for tasting like straight up soccer turf. And it doesn't have to!
In the spirit of honesty, I've made some pretty disgusting green juices. Its all about balance here, people- and this drink has it! It'll make anyone who currently doesn't love green juice, LOVE GREEN JUICE! The apple and pear add some sweetness and the lemon gives it a great citrus kick that cancels out the bitterness of the kale. The celery is more a filler, and since its sweet, it aids in balancing out the sour of the lemon. Plus, celery is water-packed and hydrating, and a great way to sneak in some extra H2O. Not only will this juice nourish you and hydrate you, but it'll make your skin glow and help with digestion. A triple threat! Go get your juicer out, its time to get cozy with kale.
Wash all the produce, then removes the cores from the apple and pear, remove the peel of the lemon, and trim the celery stalks. Run all your veggies through a high-powered juicer (or if you're REALLY fancy, a slow juicer- my dream!) and into a clean glass cup. Drink up! This recipe easily doubles or triples for sharing or making your juice a day ahead. Juice

########
Rank: 3
Score: 45.021603
Retrieved Text: Is any commercial vegetable juice good?
Is there any commercial vegetable juice that is good? V8 is still going strong, it seems to have quite a market. Instead of drinking stuff we know is crap like soda and similar, is there any veg/fruit juices that are actually good for you that you can buy?
Of all the commercial crap, canned tomato is your best choice.
Fresh, as in juiced right before your eyes is best.
I buy Kirkland signature Bolthouse Farms Organic 100% Carrot Juice from Costco. The carrots are supposed to be from organic farms in California. Each 1 quart bottle is supposed to contain the juice of 17 carrots. 3-1qt. bottles are $6-$7.
I get the Pom pomegranate juice there too, good price especially when it's on sale. I also drink pure juices like cranberry, but only the ones with no sugar added...no "cocktail" junk.
K2C, your drinks sound yummy.
There are dried powders you can mix into water like wheatgrass or alfalfa.
Do you have a blender? If you have a vitamix blender (others would work too but may not blend to a fine consistency - not sure) it's a breeze to make a smoothie with powerful ingredients that can enhance your health. For example, if your liver needs some TLC (and who's liver doesn't) you can make a blend of: 1 apple, 1 cucumber, 1 lemon, 1 piece kale, 1/4 beet, 1 tsp. olive oil, and 2 T. flaxseeds. This was given to me at a health convention from Dr. Ellen Tart-Jensen. You can add milk thistle and dandelion root

########
Rank: 4
Score: 44.81598
Retrieved Text: I’m a big fan of Pressed Juicery, you’ve probably seen me tweet in the past about how much I love their juice, “Greens 3.” I also like that they have multiple locations so it’s easy to pop in whenever I need a boost. That’s why it was a no brainer that when I needed to reset my body, I would go to them for a 3 day juice cleanse at the start of the new year.
Their signature cleanse #2 arrived at my doorstep. I received 24 juices (6 each day) and 6 cleanse waters (2 each day). Each bottle was marked with a number on top or directions stating “drink throughout the day” and “drink before bed.” It was kind of like Alice in Wonderland when she was experimenting with the foods that said “eat this” and “drink this.” This was the start to the rabbit hole of cleansing.
My biggest fear was going a day without coffee, but I didn’t even miss it and I had plenty of energy throughout the day. I had six juices, drinking them about 2 hours apart, and a chlorophyll water I drank throughout the day. I didn’t really feel hungry, because I was content as soon as I drank my juice. Sure, I was craving a burger when I saw it posted on Instagram, but I tried not to think about it. I found my cleanse to be easy the first two days, because I was busy with work - so word to the wise, do it during the week

########
Rank: 5
Score: 44.61231
Retrieved Text: If you bake, you are likely to have come across cream of tartar in recipes. But do you know what cream of tartar is? Is it the same as tartar sauce? (Answer: No.) According to The Kitchn, cream of tartar is an acidic by-product of wine. Huh? Let us explain. When grape juice is fermented inside barrels to become wine, a sediment gets left behind. This substance is purified and made into a white powder known as cream of tartar.
The name “cream of tartar” comes from the chemical name: potassium hydrogen tartrate. In baking, cream of tartar is used to stabilize egg whites and prevent the formation of sugar crystals. But it has many other uses too. It can fight heartburn and treat urinary tract infection. However, if you have kidney disease or a weak stomach, you should talk to your doctor before using these home remedies.
1. Soothe arthritis. Ted Harper on Eric Bakker, N.D.’s website shares a miracle recipe from his native Australia to help fight against painful arthritis. The mixture includes orange, lemon, grapefruit, Epsom salts, and water, in addition to cream of tartar.
2. Treat urinary tract infection. A classic folk remedy for UTI is cream of tartar. Everyday Roots explains it works because cream of tartar changes the pH of your urine and makes it a really horrible place for bacteria to live. To kick a UTI at home, mix 1 1/2 teaspoons cream of tartar in 1 cup warm water. Add a squeeze of lemon or lime for a boost of vitamin

########
Rank: 6
Score: 44.16691
Retrieved Text: A slightly sweet, slightly tart, completely delicious highball recipe. Sophisticated and smooth this fabulous, unique, King George Cocktail recipe is a sure hit!
A few months ago, I discovered what I had been missing in Crown Royal Maple. In my review, I explained who was/was not likely to enjoy the maple-y whisky, and proceeded to post the Crown Royal Maple Mudslide I concocted.
Well, after that and the Crown Royal Maple and ginger ale, I was out of ideas. So I went over to the Crown Royal Maple website to see if they had any cocktail recipes that would interest me! Low and behold, they did! Oh happy days!
A few sounded odd, and the one below I was a bit skeptical of… until I made it! Then, I just knew I had to share. Totally delicious. The sweet and the tart blend together perfectly for a wonderful adult beverage drink, especially as we head into summer. I hope you give it a go, and enjoy this King George Cocktail as much as I did.
• Combine Crown Royal Maple, Lemon Juice, Pineapple Juice and Simple Sugar in a cocktail shaker; shake.
• Pour into a highball glass half filled with ice.
• Top with Seltzer Water.
As always, do not drink and drive.
LOL Hey, something to look forward to, Michelle!
yeah.. I PFFTTTTed at that heading into summer too.. As you very well know.. WE arent gonna head into summer for another 6 months… )$^*_@$^&$^@+)^..
But.. this concoction sounds REALLY good.. even though I havent tasted the Crown Royal Maple.. Sounds tasty!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 44.048233
Retrieved Text: I have many memories tied to whiskey sours. Collin, my husband, and I drank whiskey sours the night we met. I then made several batches of this for the wedding of one of my high school girlfriends. This drink was also a success at a recent camping trip. This basic recipe yields a 725 ml batch and can be measured and prepared in advance. When happy hour begins, just add the cocktail to some ice and top with a cherry.
Make homemade sweet and sour by combining the lemon juice, lime juice, and agave syrup. Stir until the agave syrup is fully dissolved, then add whiskey. Reserve in a pitcher or equivalent.
At serving time, fill each glass with ice and top with a maraschino cherry. Shake a portion of the mix with a cocktail shaker to combine and chill. Strain into the serving glass. Alternatively, the premixed cocktail could also be poured directly into the serving glass.
To make smaller batches of this cocktail, use these proportions.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 42.880604
Retrieved Text: The esophagus, which connects the stomach with the mouth, is made of smooth muscles to push the food forward into the stomach. The lower esophageal sphincter is responsible for preventing the reflux of food. If the digestive juices and stomach acids reflux into the esophagus, you will suffer from inflammation. Acid reflux back into the esophagus causes heartburn. If heartburn is not cured immediately, you will suffer from burning sensation your chest area. Uncontrolled heartburn is a serious issue. A lot of home remedies for heartburn are available to cure and prevent recurrence.
Lemon juice is one of the best home remedies for heartburn. With a pH of 2, it consists of vitamin C and other essential nutrients. It is suggested to cut the lemon and take the juice into a glass. You can drink this juice straight away to control heartburn naturally. If you are unable to drink the raw juice of lemon, you can add 1/4th cup of water, blend and drink it. It is suggested to collect the organic lemons from the nearby organic store for best results.
Apple cider vinegar has a pH of 5. It promotes digestion by reducing the pH of stomach contents to 2. It is suggested to prepare a blend of ¼ cup of water with 2 tablespoons full of apple cider vinegar and drink every five minutes to cure heartburn.
It is suggested to blend a spoonful of baking soda into a glass of water and drink to cure acid reflux naturally. It is also one of the best home

########
Rank: 9
Score: 42.63518
Retrieved Text: Cheribundi's Ginger Cherry is a truly satisfying beverage. While I did enjoy the other juices that were recently sent to me by Cheribundi, the Ginger Cherry juice is just the thing that was needed to officially bump Cheribundi onto my list of favorite beverage companies.
The ginger cherry flavor is the closest thing to a perfect juice that I have had in the past few months. As with all of Cheribundi's other products, the ginger cherry's list of ingredients is refreshingly short: tart cherry juice, apple juice (from concentrate), ginger juice (ginger root, water), and natural flavor. And once more, this fresh and simple approach really shows through in the taste. The flavor is just right: a perfect combination of the tartness of fresh cherries and the aromatic bite of ginger. Many drinks that utilize natural ginger are often at least a bit overpowered by the strength of the root, which is fine if you like ginger. But if you are not a serious ginger fan, these drinks can easily be much too strong to enjoy. Cheribundi's Ginger Cherry, however, avoids these pitfalls entirely. The ginger is strong enough to be present and readily identifiable, but it does not overpower the other flavors in the slightest. The amount of ginger used in the drink works very well with the base of cherry and apple juices and creates an incredibly interesting and satisfying flavor that is tart, dry, sweet, and refreshing all at the same time. Cheribundi's specific combination of the cherry tartness on the tongue and the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 42.531914
Retrieved Text: Juice boxes are a treat in our household, and my kids are usually excited when they see a pack or two in our drink refrigerator. (Yes, we have a drink refrigerator, don't you? LOL! It's a small size refrigerator in our bedroom that we use for bottled water, soda and juice boxes.) When the boys eyed the boxes of Froose in the refrigerator they were definitely interested. Thanks to Mom Central, we were able to sample all three flavors: Cheerful Cherry, Playful Peach and Perfect Pear.
These organic juice boxes are unusual in that they are not just juice -- but are a combination of juice and whole grains. They are loaded with complex carbohydrates, vitamins and minerals and each box contains 3g of fiber. The real question is whether or not kids will drink them!
My oldest, C, enjoyed the taste of all 3 flavors and eagerly drank them. He said they were almost like a smoothie. For this same reason, N did not care for them. He said he likes his juice to be "just wet." When I tried one, I realized that the juice does have a slight bit of texture to it, similar to a pulpy drink. They each tried one at room temperature, and again after the boxes were chilled. C preferred the cold juice, but said it was fine either way. N said it was better cold, but he still didn't like them much.
The boxes are 4 oz, which is a bit small for a drink for my boys, but it is

########
Rank: 11
Score: 42.340656
Retrieved Text: A couple of weeks ago my friend showed me a photo of these “Hillbilly Wine Glasses” for sale online. They were on sale for $25 for a set of two. I couldn’t believe what they were charging! I told him I could make them myself and so I did. I made him a set of 4 glasses, for a quarter of the cost of what he would have paid for 2 glasses and it took me about 3 minutes, literally.
Before I gave them away for good, I decided to enjoy my morning juice from a glass and they are actually pretty awesome to drink from. I thought they’d feel awkward but they didn’t at all. I am going to make two more for myself and drink out of them when I am canning from now on.
It made two servings and had a nice flavor. All produce was organic.
This is a great juice to start the day with and absolutely my favorite tasting homemade juice so far!
Pineapples (pH 3.20 – 4.10) are delicious, but a little too acidic for me to enjoy as a stand alone fruit in a cup. Nutritionally they aid in the bodies digestion and elimination because of their acidic make-up, which closely resembles the human gastric juices. They are also very juicy, if you catch my drift.
Pears (pH 3.50 – 4.60) are also helpful for digestion/constipation as well as they keep your thyroid and metabolism in check. They contain more pectin than apples do which reduces serum cholesterol and cleanses the body of

########
Rank: 12
Score: 42.26378
Retrieved Text: Last year I wrote about Tropicana Trop50 new Lemonade & Raspberry Lemonades. They both tasted SO good. Now I'm excited to share that Trop50 has a new flavor - Tropicana Trop50 Red Orange - delivering the goodness of orange juice with 50 percent less sugar and calories, and no artificial sweeteners.
Please Note: I received a Trop50 coupon to purchase a sample for review. No other compensation was received. Views expressed are always 100% my own.
I received a coupon to sample Trop50 Red Orange and really liked it. The taste is a bit more on the tarty side then sweet but I think that what makes it new and fun to drink. It's also a little bit fuller in flavor then the other Trop50 flavors.
Found in your chilled aisle, the new Trop50 Red Orange juice beverage blends traditional oranges with Italian red oranges for an sweet exotic smooth flavor. A 8oz glass of Trop50 Red Orange contains 100% of your day’s Vitamin C, and is a good source of potassium.
While Trop50 Red Orange has limited distribution, it will be rolling out nationwide in the next few weeks. Visit the Store Locator for a retailer near you.
I've never heard of italian red oranges and I would like to try this. Especially since you said it's a little on the tart side.
I am already a big fan of their orange juice I do not start my day off without a glass of it. I haven't tried their new product yet and would love to.
My son is addicted to OJ,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 42.152176
Retrieved Text: Are you someone who drinks a glass of orange juice everyday for its vitamin C and vitamin D content? Well, now here’s a benefit that may be much more significant for your health and well-being in the long run.
Turns out just a small glass of orange juice (around 200-250 ml) may be enough to lower your risk of dementia by 47 percent.
Dementia is a debilitating condition that robs you of your memory over a period of time. Considering there is still no cure for dementia, a condition that has affected an estimated 46.8 million people in 2015 and is set to rise to 131.5 million in 2050, is could be massive revelation in the medical domain.
Eating fruits and vegetables during early in life can reduce the risk of dementia. The study found that people who had regularly eat vegetables over two decades 17 percent less likely to develop moderate cognitive issues and 34 percent less likely to have major cognitive issues later on.
Only 6.9 percent of the people who drank orange juice everyday developed poor cognitive function, in comparison to 8.4 percent who drank orange juice less than once a month, according to the study published in journal Neurology.
“The protective role of regular consumption of fruit juice was mainly observed among the oldest men,” stated Changzheng Yuan, lead author of the study. “Since fruit juice is usually high in calories from concentrated fruit sugars, it’s generally best to consume no more than a small glass (four to six ounces) per day,” according to Reuters.
It might make

########
Rank: 14
Score: 41.952465
Retrieved Text: Since Tom has been under the weather lately, I decided it would be a good time to make him some tea.
No wait. I thought it would be a good time to make him some beef tea.
No, wait. I thought it would be a good time to make him some Cranberry Beef Tea!
I have to admit, though. That little tiger is pretty cute.
Now, this is only beef tea in a cheating sense. It’s like shortcut beef tea. If you are curious, you can check out this article about actual beef tea.
But I’m using beef bullion, because that is what the recipe called for.
It also did NOT call for real cranberries, it called for low calorie cranberry cocktail. Which was out at my store because everyone found out it was going to be cold and lost their minds. Seriously, whole shelves were cleared out in my grocery store. So I got the 100% juice and hoped for the best.
And it turned out, the best smelled pretty bad.
Then she proceeded to drink the whole glass.
So, this basically tasted like a really sweet soup or stew. It was just…sweet beef. It wasn’t disgusting, but it wasn’t the best. Honestly, it was slightly gross. Tom took a couple of sips and declared himself healed so he wouldn’t have to drink any more. However, Alex loved it. Granted, she is our child, so her taste buds might be slightly screwy, but she normally does not like beef very much. She doesn’t eat hamburgers or steak, and will only eat ground beef when

########
Rank: 15
Score: 41.91198
Retrieved Text: I still remember when my interstitial cystitis symptoms came to a head. I had been noticing ongoing bladder pain after I drank coffee for several months, but this time, it felt like I had a terrible urinary tract infection. So I did what every herbal wanna-be would do. I drank Vaccinium macrocarpon juice, which is the juice of the cranberry fruit. I drank as much as I could swallow.
The pain got worse. Way worse. And, well, I didn’t have a urinary tract infection. I had interstitial cystitis. The cranberry juice was like kerosene being poured on a fire in my bladder (cranberries can aggravate interstitial cystitis symptoms).
I bring this story up because cranberries have played a large role in folk medicine, particularly for the treatment of a urinary tract infection. Folk medicine has taught many people that the acidity of the cranberries kills the bacteria causing the urinary tract infection.
Well, sorry to burst your cranberries, but it doesn’t work that way. Cranberries do not directly kill bacteria in your urinary tract and they are not the go-to herb when it comes to treating urinary tract infections naturally. There are more potent herbs that can kill the bacteria, but that’s for another herb of the month.
Cranberries contain a mega antioxidant, like many other dark berries, called proanthocyanidins. These special antioxidants are wonderful for cardiovascular health, but in terms of a UTI, they inhibit the binding of E. coli (and other bacteria) to the bladder wall. In other words, cranberries make it harder for bacteria to congregate and

########
Rank: 16
Score: 41.615654
Retrieved Text: Today people find a gin cocktail refreshing and delicious. These cocktails are made by mixing a dry spirit like gin with sweet drinks like vermouth etc to balance its dryness. Gin is a spirit that is made from a combination of juniper berries, botanicals and spices that give it a unique and delicious aroma and taste. Produced originally as a tonic it was consumed for health reasons but later on because a popular “drink”.
A very large number of drinks that usually range from sweet to strong can be made by mixing gin in them. Finding the ideal gin cocktail would be easy once you have tasted a few of the brands available in the market. This is an easy way to find the perfect gin cocktail for you.
A gin cocktail is delicious and some of the more popular ones are the classic Martini that is a combination of vermouth with gin; the Allen which is made with lemon juice, gin and maraschino cherry; “The Last Word” which is a cocktail made with chartreuse, lime juice, gin and maraschino liqueur; “Salty Dog” made of grapefruit juice and gin; Singapore Sling that has cherry, pineapple, gin and lemon juice and Pink Gin which has a splash of angostura bitters.
Today it is said that the best gin cocktail is one that is made from wheat or rye grain base with a flavor of juniper berries and various botanicals that packs a punch! With the classic Martini you get refinement, simplicity and great taste. Served with an olive it can

########
Rank: 17
Score: 41.46792
Retrieved Text: Grandma was wrong about cranberry juice.
311 college-aged women drank cranberry juice or a placebo twice a day for six months after being treated for a urinary tract infection (UTI). Recurrence rates of UTIs were the same in both groups. In fact, the women who drank the cranberry juice had twice as many recurrences with E. Coli, the bacteria that cranberry juice is supposed to be most effective against. (2) Cranberry juice contains over 200 active compounds, so “the little berry that defies” science will continue to do so for a while.
Grandpa is still going strong down under.
French men drink the Irish under the table … and into the ground!
Some Super Bowl losses are more permanent than others.
Sometimes “progress” can be relative.
Baseball players CAN see better than umpires.
It’s about the same ON or OFF the job.
Sperm and the Proton Channel.
“A recent study directly measured whole-cell electrical activities in human sperm using patch-clamp methods and found that the proton channel HV1, which is sensitive to both the membrane potential and the pH gradient, is the predominant mechanism used by sperm to achieve intracellular alkalinization which is necessary for motility and interaction with the egg coat.” (9) I can’t find either the Proton Channel or HV1 on my TV. I wonder if the Australian grandpas get it?
This entry was posted on Friday, February 11th, 2011 at 12:20 PM and is filed under Alternative/complementary medicine, evidence-based medicine, heart health, humor, Infectious Disease, medical trivia, sexual attraction.	You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can

########
Rank: 18
Score: 41.430084
Retrieved Text: ‘Twas the night before a blog deadline, and all through the bar, Odd Bacchus was stirring some cocktails bizarre.
The booze was poured in the shaker with care, but the result would only be drunk on a dare.
Being a seasonal kind of guy, I planned on extolling the virtues of the Chimayó in this blog post. This cocktail, first brought to my attention by former Wall Street Journal cocktail columnist Eric Felten, combines tequila, unfiltered apple cider, crème de cassis (black currant liqueur) and fresh-squeezed lemon juice. I had all the ingredients on hand, and what could go wrong?
Well, something unpleasant happened between the shaker and the glass, because lovely though this cocktail to the right may look, it tasted like sour menthol smoke berries. My theory is that the gold tequila I used was inappropriate for this drink, and that silver might suit it better. But who knows? I am bereft of silver tequila at the moment, and Mr. Felten doesn’t specify the type of tequila in his article. Come on, Eric! I expected more from you.
Having completely failed at making a palatable Chimayó, it was time for Plan B. I took out a jar of vodka I’d infused with lemon-thyme, a wonderful herb a coworker gave me from her garden. Doesn’t that sound tasty? I poured a little in a glass and took a whiff. “Lemon Pledge” was the first thing that came to mind. A sip confirmed it: I’d made a jar of Lemon Pledge vodka.
Determined to salvage this unfortunate infusion, I tried mixing

########
Rank: 19
Score: 41.36202
Retrieved Text: This is a Victorian health blessing spell and it is an easy way to start your day, the right way.
This simple, straightforward spell can be done daily to promote consistent wellness and help to maintain good health.
A clear glass of apple juice or apple cider.
The first thing you will need to do is anoint the candle with the pumpkin seed oil. After that is done, generously sprinkle nutmeg all over the candle. Pour yourself a glass of apple juice/cider and stir three times in a clockwise motion with the cinnamon stick. Turn your focus to the candle. Start this chant: “Goddess bless me good health, this is my will so mote it be.” Chant and drink the juice simultaneously until you’ve drank the last drop. Snuff the candle to be reused at anytime.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 41.352337
Retrieved Text: Had such a good time at Alibi Room’s 500th Tap List Celebration, I had to go back a few days later to have some more!
I got to Alibi Room around 5:30pm on a Wednesday and the place was already buzzing! Goes to show that there’s still a huge demand for good beer in this city.
Yes! Beast Meatballs on Garlic Toast. Looked and smelled great. I liked the variety of mushrooms.
L-R: Breakside Suburban Farmhouse Saison, Lighthouse Brewing Sauertieg Sourdough Saison with Spelt, Four Winds Juxtapose Brett IPA.
The Lighthouse was a sweetish saison with a bready character. Bit of a creamy mouthfeel. Not a great saison but interesting to try.
The Breakside “Suburban Farmhouse” on the left was a spoof of another Portland brewery, The Commons, and their “Urban Farmhouse” ale. Hah. Too bad it was just ok. More peppery than other saisons that I tried at this event. Darker colour, a bit heavier than the real Urban Farmhouse Ale. You can’t beat The Commons at their own game!!
Parallel 49 Tricycle Radler. A “radler” is basically beer mixed with pop or juice that’s drunk like a sports drink in Germany, but it’s lower in alcohol, hence the “tricycle” in the name. Harhar… Looks really orangey but I didn’t smell much orange. Basically tasted like watered down orange grapefruit juice but the kicker is that while actual watered down juice would taste disgusting, this tasted quite delicious and refreshing. Like fizzy OJ grapefruit juice.
The group of women next to me got a round of this beer and drank it in

########
Rank: 21
Score: 41.306644
Retrieved Text: You are here:Home » Recipes » Have A Glass Of “Unbeetable” Juice!
The recipe has been featured at Allrecipes Asia & received popular votes at FoodBuzz!
Following my discovery at Picturesque Food At Tung Lok Classic, I decided to experiment with the zesty Beetroot Juice that I’d tried there, while the tang is still tickling my taste buds. So off I went, to the supermarket & selected the famous Sarawak Pineapple, 2 Beetroots & 1 Lemon.
Of late, Chefs in top restaurants have been serving these bloody Beets. I read about the many benefits of Beetroots - rich in the nutrient betaine, which is important for cardiovascular health, blah, blah, blah. Because of this, I’ve tried forcing it down my throat but I simply dislike the taste – be it French, Italian or Asian styled-cooking & usually left it uneaten; till I discover the Beetroot Juice at Tung Lok.
I guess the sweet Pineapple & sour Lemon somewhat helped to cover up the “raw” taste of this vegetable. These may not be the actual ingredients used at Tung Lok but it tasted pretty near & I like it! Surprisingly, my fussy son "bottoms up" the entire glass.
The deep crimson colour is lovely to look at but be careful. Wash hands & equipment immediately after use as it can be staining. As a matter of fact, Beetroot dye is also used in ink.
1. Remove skin of pineapple, beetroots & lemon. Rinse thoroughly & cut into small chunks. * Remove seeds in lemon if using blender.
2. You may use a juice extractor

########
Rank: 22
Score: 41.171764
Retrieved Text: The 1970 is a refreshing orange colored cocktail made from tequila, Joseph Cartron triple sec, Catron No 7 aperitif, orange juice and lemon juice, and served over ice in a rocks glass.
The 43 Vanilla Martini drink recipe is made from Licor 43, silver tequila, lemon juice and simple syrup, and served over ice in a rocks glass.
The 901 AM cocktail is an orange colored drink made from 901 Silver tequila, orange juice and grenadine, and served over ice in a highball glass garnished with a lime slice.
The 901 Blue cocktail recipe is a blue colored drink made from 901 Silver tequila, blue curacao, lemon-lime soda and sweet and sour mix, and served in a chilled cocktail glass garnished with an orange twist.
The 901 PM is a pink colored drink recipe made from 901 Silver tequila, pink grapefruit juice, lime juice and club soda, and served over ice in a highball glass garnished with a lime slice.
The 901 Purple Pedro drink recipe is made from 901 Silver tequila, sour mix, lavender syrup and mineral water, and served over ice in a highball glass.
The Strawberry Kiwi Margarita is a red colored cocktail recipe made from 901 Silver tequila, lime juice, kiwi, strawberries and agave nectar, and served in a chilled cocktail glass garnished with a kiwi slice.
The 901 Sunrise is an orange colored drink recipe made from 901 Silver tequila, orange juice and grenadine, and served over ice in a highball glass garnished with an orange slice and a maraschino cherry.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 41.156704
Retrieved Text: It’s #ThirstyThursday. Are you ready for these Blackberry Mint Cucumber Tequila Coolers? Can you handle them? I can. Like 5 of them.
These are rip offs of the drinks we had an awesome Mexican place in New York a few months ago. (I also recreated this drink I had there). I have no idea what the name of the restaurant is, and since several of you have asked, I will go find it in the next couple days as we are staying very close.
In fact. Maybe I will go find it by sitting out in the sunshine on their patio and sucking down a bunch of these coolers or these crushes while I simultaneously gorge on chips and salsa. I don’t know, it’s just an idea.
In the mean time, let me tell you about the magnificence of this combo. Tequila. Lemon. Cool and refreshing mint and cucumber juice and then super sweet and brilliantly colored blackberry syrup. It’s beautiful, not to sweet and totally delicious. I hope these make it to your happy hour this weekend!
For the Blackberry Syrup: Bring the sugar, water and blackberries to a simmer and let cook for about 5 minutes over medium heat, breaking up the blackberries as they cook.
Strain the syrup through a chinoise and reserve juice. Discard the blackberry pulp. Chill the syrup.
In the jar of a blender, combine the cucumber chunks, the mint leaves and lemon juice. Puree until you have a smooth mixture.
Strain through a chinoise (fine strainer) into a jar.
Fill two large glasses with ice. Add 2

########
Rank: 24
Score: 41.118725
Retrieved Text: KSRealityBites: Pomegranate juice, an office stress buster!
Pomegranate juice, an office stress buster!
You have read many of our articles pertaining to stress but this time here's yet another informative & most importantly a better office stress buster! A recent study has found that pomegranate juice, which lowers heart rates, can help beat office stress & also make one feel more positive towards one's work.
Scientists studied a group of volunteers who drank 500ml of pomegranate juice everyday for two weeks. At the beginning & end of the study their pulse rate was measured & they filled in a questionnaire describing their mood & feelings about their job. This research, funded by the Pomegranate juice company, showed almost all of the workers reported being more inspired, enthusiastic proud plus active.
The volunteers were less likely to describe their feelings as distressed, nervous, guilty & ashamed compared with the beginning of the fortnight & most had lower pulse rates. Dr Emad Al-Dujaili, the lead researcher, of Queen Margaret University in Edinburgh, quoted to Daily Mail as saying "On the basis of these findings there is a justified argument for busy workers to drink pomegranate juice to help alleviate chronic stress & maintain good health."
The researcher added by concluding, "It is very rare indeed for an all-natural juice to offer the range of health benefits that we are seeing in pomegranate juice." There is growing evidence that pomegranate juice delivers wide-ranging health benefits that merit further research.
Hope this post found you much more benefited if you were seeking to get away from

########
Rank: 25
Score: 40.94614
Retrieved Text: New Year is the perfect time to arrange parties and invite guests. The party feels complete with varieties of foods and drinks. Both alcoholic and non alcoholic beverages must be kept on the serving table for entertaining the guests of all age groups. Mocktails are the combination of drinks in a subtle way to keep out alcohol from the drink. Colorful drinks will definitely make your guests feel satisfied. Here is a list of some fabulous non alcoholic drinks that can be prepared in minutes.
Arnold Palmer: This is a yellow drink containing same quantities of iced tea and lemonade mixed in a Collins glass containing ice. Decoration can be done with sprig of mint and lemon ring on the glass top.
Baby Bellini: This wondrous mocktail looks quite like champagne and contains peach nectar and chilled sparkling cider. Champagne flute must be chosen for serving this drink with a piece of ice cube on the glass.
Banana Smoothie: This frothy smoothie mix has cream color. It contains 2 sliced bananas, vanilla yogurt, ice cubes, vanilla extract and honey. Serving in a cordial glass with a red cherry on top makes it look extra special.
Autumnal Temptations: A classy mocktail served in a Collins glass with topping of Lavender soda for extra punch. The drink looks fabulous and contains apricot nectar, agave nectar and grapefruit juice.
Orange Julius: This can be served on hurricane glass containing fresh orange juice, milk, sugar, vanilla extract and vanilla ice cream.
Pussyfoot: A wondrous colorful drink containing lime juice, lemon juice, orange juice, egg yolk and

########
Rank: 26
Score: 40.697704
Retrieved Text: Looking for an easy and ultra tropical cocktail? Try these Sparkling Fruit Juice Mojitos, made with Havana Club Rum for a perfectly unique sip! Easier than a traditional Mojito, these cocktails are perfect to make during a party. Cheers, friends!
Hello, party people! It seems that I ran-off to Cuba and never returned, didn’t it? Well I am back now, settled into my new job and loving every moment of it. I had a blast in Cuba and came back with a million ideas. I also tried crocodile, which was the culinary surprise of the trip! I may or may not have drank too many Mojitos and other sugary drinks. Something about the sun, ocean and being surrounded by friends in +30 degree weather makes the drinks go down real easy. I came back to Winnipeg with a thirst for fruity tropical drinks, which is a huge change from my typical preferred beer. I’ve been playing bartender on the weekend and came-up with an ultra easy Sparkling Fruit Juice Mojito recipe that is sure to be a hit!
With a typical Mojito you need to muddle lime, sugar (or simple syrup), mint and rum. That takes time to make sure it is mixed properly and integrates well with the soda water. With these Sparkling Fruit Juice Mojitos, you need to muddle much less – just smash the mint with some Añejo 3 Años Havana Club and add ice, fruit juice and soda water. Much less technical and much easier to mix-up when you’ve had a cocktail or two

########
Rank: 27
Score: 40.697163
Retrieved Text: The first thing I notice about this tea is how fruity it smells! It smells like cherrys in specific, true to its name. I enjoy the aroma and wasn’t expecting it to smell that strong! This tea is also extremely flavorful and a bit sour because of the cherry, I really like that. It is also really smooth and not astringent at all. I love that it tastes like a fruity drink but without the excessive sweetnesses. I checked the ingredients and it looks like there’s no sugar or fake sugar in it at all, in fact all the ingredients look pretty healthy and natural! I drank this tea hot but I have a feeling this would also be really good as an iced tea. I would definitely drink this tea again, I really enjoy it.
Also, I wasn’t expecting this from a tea, but I actually think it could be a really good zero calorie zero sugar substitute for fruit juice for people wanting to cut that out. I bet you could even get a kid to drink this maybe if it was iced and had a little bit of sugar added (still would be less sugar than the average cup of juice).
I'm a big fan of fruit punch flavors and decided to try this tea based on the other reviews. I wasn't disappointed. While slightly heavy on the cherries (which is to be expected, after all), it really does have a fruit punch flavor.
Aside from the tartness of the hibiscus, the flavor really doesn't reflect

########
Rank: 28
Score: 40.497417
Retrieved Text: The grand-dame cocktail of the US’s deep south and the signature drink of the Kentucky derby, the mint julep is regarded as the forefather of the more fashionable mojito. The bonus here is this elegant summer sipper is easier to make than its Cuban cousin (no muddling required) and contains bourbon, mint and sugar. Mixologists recommend using high-proof bourbon and chill a tall glass beforehand. Historians say the mint julep was consumed by farmers in the south in the 1800s who drank the cocktail to kickstart their morning – we suggest you at least wait until midday, or 11am, before your first one.
You don’t need to be wearing a winter coat or perched next to an open fire to enjoy a tipple of whisky. The whisky sour is refreshing and potent, and of course real men drink brown spirits so they might not be opposed to sipping on this summer cocktail. Combine whisky or even bourbon if that’s on hand with lemon juice and sugar or simple syrup. Experts say it is all about the balance and the aim is to create a tart citrus drink which should have a bite of sweetness. A maraschino cherry counters the rich oak flavour from the whisky.
With only two ingredients – gin and lime juice – this remarkably simple thirst-quencher is an enduring classic. It dates back to 1867 when, in an attempt to ward off scurvy, the Merchant Shipping Act declared all British navy ships must carry stores of lime juice. The sailors decided that to make the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 40.413895
Retrieved Text: By now you may all have heard about this juicing trend that has really caught on with the masses, especially those who are health conscious and want to live a clean and healthy lifestyle. The concept of juicing has been around for ages so that is nothing new. If not yourself, you probably know a handful of people who owns their very own juicer at home; a fun do-it-yourself kitchen appliance where you throw in your fruits and vegetables into the machine and within minutes out comes a cup of freshly squeezed juice.
Over the past few years, the concept of “cold pressed” juices has spread like wild fire. Traditionally, juices that are not considered cold pressed (basically the old school way of juicing) utilizes a fast spinning blade within the machine to separate the juice from flesh through what is called centrifugal force (a motion tending to move away from the centre). The problem with utilizing this fast spinning blade is as it spins, it generates heat. This heat destroys some of the enzymes in the fruits and vegetables you are juicing causing some of the nutrients to be destroyed as well.
So what does “cold pressed” actually mean? Well as the name suggests, the juicing process does not generate any heat to maximize on all the nutrients it can extract from the fruits and vegetables. It extracts juice by using hydraulic pressure crushing, squeezing, and pressing the fruit and vegetables for the highest nutritional yield having very little exposure to oxygen. Since the fruits and vegetables

================



======= Instance Index 31 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are Geremy or Tim ):

Exercising muscles increases their size, and bigger muscles have greater strength.


Geremy went to the gym frequently, while Tim did not. Who likely has larger muscles Geremy or Tim?

Target Text: Geremy

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 29.850103
Retrieved Text: Los Angeles Chargers CB Trevor Williams (knee) did not practice Friday, Nov. 16 and he has been ruled out for the Week 11 game against the Denver Broncos. TE Antonio Gates (knee) and DE Joey Bosa (foot) were each limited participants and are listed as questionable. WR Keenan Allen (hip, finger) practiced on a limited basis, while WR Geremy Davis (hamstring), LB Kyle Emanuel (hip), LB Chris Landrum (hip), DT Darius Philon (ankle) and WR Mike Williams (groin) were able to practice in full and have been removed from the injury report.
Los Angeles Chargers TE Antonio Gates (knee) and CB Trevor Williams (knee) did not participate in practice Thursday, Nov. 15. DE Joey Bosa (foot) and WR Geremy Davis (hamstring) were limited during practice. LB Kyle Emanuel (hip), DE Chris Landrum (hip) and DT Darius Philon (ankle) fully participated in practice.
The Los Angeles Chargers have declared OT Cole Toner, OL Trent Scott, CB Trevor Williams, DL Joey Bosa, OG Forrest Lamp, WR Geremy Davis and LB Chris Landrum inactive for Week 10.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 29.45182
Retrieved Text: Of poll respondents who made a New Year resolution last year, more kept the resolution than did not keep it.
Going to the gym more frequently is often a popular New Year resolution. And while it’s easier said than done, tips and tricks really do seem to help people achieve the goal.
Take Gym-Pact, a behavioural economics gym plan in the United States that penalises users who do not attend their gym appointments. It taps into the idea of using incentives and penalties to achieve goals – an idea written about by Tim Harford and others. The eZonomics Ask Ian blogpost on plastic bag taxes gives another example of penalties changing the way we act.
Gym-Pact founders write an interview with Nudge blog that they saw 90% of users keep their gym appointments. So paying a price for not going to the gym seems to be effective in motivating people to go.
The incentives and penalties approach can be used for a wide range of resolutions – including weight loss, savings and other goals. Consider making a commitment contract with a friend or family member (perhaps try website stickK.com) to publicly set the goal and add motivation to achieve it.
Set concrete terms including a timeframe (such as saving €1200 in a year) and a price to be paid if it is not reached (such as taking out the rubbish for a month).
The ritual of setting resolutions at the start of the year can actually be a helpful reminder to set goals and regularly review progress towards them.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 29.436928
Retrieved Text: 1.Gym needs machines to do various exercises while yoga doesn’t. Sometimes need some yoga accessories only, such as yoga mats, yoga props, yoga straps and so on.
2.Gym only has practicals while yoga has theory as well as practical classes.
3.You may or may not need partner in a gym but you definitely need a partner for doing certain yoga poses.
4.Gym exercises help build muscles and make them bigger while yoga just helps in strengthening the muscles while keeping them lean.
5.There will always be a difference between yoga body and gym body. A yoga body will be lean, mean and flexible but a gym body will be muscular and not that flexible. By stretching your muscles as you’re strengthening them, your body will take on a leaner appearance. A gym workout filled with weights will cause your muscles to bulk up.
6.People can do yoga for concentration but people can’t do gym exercise for the same.
7.When we talk of yoga vs gym, obviously more people will choose yoga as it doesn’t requires lifting up weights and pressurizing your muscles. Instead, it is much easier to do yoga.
8.Going for yoga workout is a good idea but people must avoid certain poses in yoga if they have certain ailments such as heart diseases, Tuberculosis, blood pressure, sugar and arthritis.
9. Yoga can be done anywhere but physical exercises can be done only in a gym. Yoga is a different experience in a yoga studio, but you can easily practice yoga at home, outside or in small spaces. All you need is about

########
Rank: 3
Score: 28.256456
Retrieved Text: This week I succumbed to the rising phenomenon that are “barre classes” and went along to Xtend Barre Alexandria to see what all the fuss is about.
While I usually approach fitness trends with a healthy dose of skepticism I was pleasantly surprised.
Walking in to the studio, it felt nothing like a ‘gym’ – decorated in calming pastel hues and smelling like a floristry, I felt as though I’d just stepped my Nike-clad foot inside a luxurious day spa.
Shoes off, grippy socks on, and off we went.
Our smiling instructor (with impeccable ‘dancer’ posture) started the class with a lively warm up that felt like a combination of Pilates / Dance / Aerobics, before we moved on to some upper body work (including tricep dips and tiny hand weights).
Next up was the pièce de résistance – a range of true ‘ballerina’ style exercises at the barre (think leg lifts, plies, arabesques) and it wasn’t long before my face was red and my legs were shaking.
The class finished up with a series of abdominal exercises and yoga-esque stretches.
Best part of all? Even though I was a ‘newbie’, I didn’t feel out of place – the class caters to all levels of experience.
The biggest difference between barre and more traditional gym training is that barre movements are performed in tiny, subtle increments (rather than larger, compound movements that get the heart rate soaring). Nevertheless, while the workout didn’t feel as ‘intense’ as what I am used to, the class left my muscles (especially my glutes) screaming the next day. Not

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.67936
Retrieved Text: ANASTASIA Kvitko might not be well known to those who don't have Instagram - but it appears it will only be a matter of time until she will be.
The model, dubbed the "Russian Kim Kardashian", has been slammed by trolls who are accusing her of having plastic surgery - but who is the star and why's she famous?
Anastasia is a 22-year-old model raised in western Russia's Kaliningrad Oblast region.
She has amassed a staggering 5.1million followers on Instagram thanks to the incredible figure she frequently flaunts on the site in a series of skimpy outfits and swimsuits.
She is now famed for her 38-25-42 figure, after being turned down by a series of modelling agencies who she claims told her she was "too fat".
Instead of vowing to lose her curves, Anastasia has turned them into her trademark.
The star says that her figure is completely natural and down to a strict diet and exercise regime.
She said: "When I was a child I was into athletics, and now I just try to stay fit and go to the gym four times a week.
"I don't eat meat and chicken, I avoid fast food and choose a healthy diet.
"It is not hard to find organic food shops in the USA. And I do not use photoshop."
How did she react to Kim Kardashian's airbrushed bum pics?
After Kim Kardashian hit the beach and allowed fans a rear treat as she went for a splash in the sea along the coast of Mexico, Anastasia released fresh snaps of her unairbrushed and ample behind.
The 36-year-old reality

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.557894
Retrieved Text: Since the start of 2019 we have had some new team members join the Active One family and we are excited to introduce them to you.
Abbie is a Physiotherapist and Clinical Pilates instructor who recently joined the team at Active One. She graduated from Monash University with a Bachelor of Physiotherapy with Honours in 2016.
Abbie is passionate about helping people achieve their physical goals and improve their overall health and wellbeing. Abbie makes her treatments individualised and exercise-focused to get her patients moving and feeling better.
Abbie has a keen interest in sport-specific rehabilitation and enjoys working alongside sporting teams. She is the Head Physiotherapist at the Rye Football Netball Club and travels as a volunteer physiotherapist for Hockey Victoria.
We would like to introduce the newest member of our admin team, Abigail (Abbie). Abbie joined us on the 5th of January this year weighing in at 8 pounds 10. She has to go through a bit of training before she is ready to start answering the phones but she has our amazing receptionist Bec as her mum to guide her.
We wish Bec and Abbie all the best for their year in training and look forward to seeing them in the clinic.
If you have been training on Monday mornings you would have met our new exercise physiologist. Tim completed his Masters of Exercise Science and Clinical Rehabilitation at Victoria University in late 2018. Tim specialises in musculoskeletal injuries but is very open minded with pain science and new concepts to managing this.
Prior to and during his study, Tim

########
Rank: 6
Score: 27.046352
Retrieved Text: You’ve heard people in the gym or online talk about the mind muscle connection, but you never paid much attention. After all, you were lifting consistently and your weights were going up. Maybe you went on this way for six months, maybe even a couple years. Then suddenly your weights dropped. What’s going on? Are you sick?
The same thing happened to me about a year into seriously lifting. Not every lift was affected at first, but I was still worried that my back exercises had suffered such a huge blow. I was lifting roughly half the weight I had been grinding out regularly, and on top of it all I was more sore than ever the two days following a workout. So let me ease your fears: No, you’re probably not sick and you’re not losing the gains you worked so hard for; it might just be your mind muscle connection finally kicking in.
What does mind muscle connection mean, anyway?
When you first start lifting, you’re obviously a beginner. While that means the weights you’re using are probably on the lighter side, it also means you’re not accustomed to the movements. Sure, you’re always going to work your biceps a bit while you’re doing back exercises, for example, but when you’re starting out you’re using them more than you should. So even though the exercises are aimed at working certain muscles, you’re also working others.
As you gain experience and strength in the gym, you’re better able to perform the movements. One part of this is mentally thinking

########
Rank: 7
Score: 27.002684
Retrieved Text: If you are living an active lifestyle, hitting the gym regularly, doing some other physical fitness training or very regularly getting indulged in sports activities then no-doubt you are bound to get injured very often. You certainly cannot predict the injuries, it may happen anywhere, whether you are playing, training, or hitting the gym, you are always vulnerable. But even if you cannot be certain about the injuries that when it can occur, you can always be cautious or prepared from your side. As injuries are so common among us, you might also know some of the reasons of why it is happening, although there are multiple reasons behind it, but still there is something you are missing out and very frequently getting injured in gym or while training. It is very depressing to get injured all the time even though you think you were doing correctly and you don’t understand what went wrong. Injuries not only damages you physically but might also spoil your daily planed schedule during the training period as you might need to take rest for some days to recover from your injuries. Sometimes the physical injuries can be very serious and can affect you for long period of time. So, to avoid such things happening to you, you need to focus on basic things and follow it regularly. Here is the list of 5 basic factors that you need to keep in mind while training in gym.
Usually, everybody go for workout very early in the morning. That means your body parts

########
Rank: 8
Score: 26.639698
Retrieved Text: Did you know that over 70-80% of self-talk– the things we say to ourselves – is negative?
Seldom do we give ourselves a mental pat on the back for our accomplishments. It’s easy to brush off our successes and focus on the rest of our to-do list or the criticism that we’re given. However, experiencing positive thoughts flood our brain with endorphins, which helps us relax so we are more alert and centred. In fact, research shows that positive self-talk improves confidence, moods, and motivation making it easier to achieve our goals.
Every time we think negative thoughts like, “I’m not doing enough” or “someone else would be better at this job”, neural pathways strengthen in our brains.
Think about the act of exercising to bulk up your muscles. Every time you go to the gym and lift weights, your muscles become stronger. After weeks or months, your biceps will likely become larger and more prominent. The same logic applies to our thoughts.
Our brains are made up of vast neural networks influenced by our thoughts, behaviours, and feelings. Over time, having the same thoughts or reactions strengthens these neural paths. The more these networks are activated, the stronger they become making it easier and easier for them to activate again.
As one Starling Member puts it, the “feeling of being a failure is the one that haunts us the most.” And while this could be due to a variety of reasons, “When we set impossible standards, it’s easy to slip into a rut.” By leveraging neuroplasticity and creating new networks

########
Rank: 9
Score: 26.379797
Retrieved Text: You are here: Home / Fatigue-Free Body / Why Do You Experience Fatigue During Exercise?
Is fatigue during exercise caused by tired muscles? Or, could it actually have more to do with your brain than your body?
At first blush, this idea seems ridiculous. Anyone who has exercised to the point of exhaustion would argue that the muscles physically fatigue and cannot contract any longer. Those of you suffering from adrenal fatigue, CFS, or any other condition where fatigue plays a prominent role will also likely be rolling your eyes. And rightly so.
Could fatigue really just be in your head?
A 2-week cross-sectional survey done in the United States found that 38% of people suffered from fatigue. (3) To be clear, this number represents pathological forms of fatigue. If we were to include people who also suffer from fatigue during their workouts, the number would likely be near 100%.
This post is related to fatigue experienced during exercise. This is an entirely different type of fatigue than chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS) or adrenal fatigue. Both CFS and adrenal fatigue describe underlying physiological processes that cause fatigue.
In this post, I focus on how fatigue during exercise could actually be a brain-derived condition and have little to do with your muscles. For those readers with CFS and/or adrenal fatigue, you may find some of the below content very interesting. I’d encourage you to read on!
Fatigue can be the result of a chronic illness – it is exhausting being sick for a long time. Fatigue can be a side effect of a medication.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 26.146004
Retrieved Text: If you’ve decided to build your muscles, you might be anticipating months or years of hard work in the gym. There is more to weight training than simply physical exercise. It has a lot to do with figuring out how muscle is actually built, so you have the ability to select the best way to achieve your objectives in a short time. This article will give you some great weight training tips.
Be sure that you complete the necessary amount of research on how to build muscles properly. While some exercises focus on toning certain muscles, others will help you to build those muscles. It is important to be certain that you are using techniques that offer variety and that you work multiple muscle groups, rather than just one or two.
A great method of motivating yourself is to set short-term goals and give yourself rewards when you reach them. Motivation plays a key role in any long-term commitment. You might also choose rewards that will further your muscle-building efforts. As an example, obtaining a massage can not only improve the blood flow to your muscles, it can also aid in recovery on days you take off from working out.
TIP! Keep your focus on exercises such as squatting, dead-lifting and bench pressing. These exercises are widely considered the base of a proper muscle building routine, and rightly so.
Vary your workout routine from week to week. If you aren’t excited by your routine, then you will be more reluctant to work out. Change your routine regularly to work on

########
Rank: 11
Score: 26.043175
Retrieved Text: 30 years now I am working as a Chartered Physiotherapist and have encountered people with all types of pain in all kinds of places, and as I have had my own fair share of pains and aches I am empathetic and inventive in my approach to treatment. I’ve always striven not only to relieve people of their pains but to work out why they got them in the first place and then tried to change the cause of the problem so as to provide effective long term relief.
I have struggled with back pain. I’ve sought treatment from my colleagues, I’ve stretched and I’ve strengthened, I’ve walked and I’ve jogged, I’ve medicated and I’ve iced, but I never fully got on top of the back pain, until I studied pilates.
10 years ago I did the gruelling Stott Pilates course, and qualified with a top grade, as did all of the Chartered physiotherapists doing the course at the time, and my first step after that was to open my own pilates studio. With trepidation I gave my first class, and started my road to permanent relief of pain. The trepidation was uncalled for as some of the participants of that class still attend my intermediate class on a weekly basis as they love it so much.
That was when I really got to grips with providing permanent solutions for my patients, now I was equipped with the tools, not only to thoroughly assess, treat and educate my patients, but also to give them the tools to keep themselves functioning

########
Rank: 12
Score: 25.976934
Retrieved Text: According to U-T San Diego, the wife of imprisoned As I Lay Dying frontman Tim Lambesis claims that he had been obsessed with bodybuilding and virtually ignored their children.
Meggan Lambesis, 32, filed for divorce last fall, citing irreconcilable differences. The couple had been married eight years and had three children, all adopted from Ethiopia.
"Specifically," Meggan Lambesis claims, "he has become obsessed with bodybuilding and spends a great deal of time lifting weights, hanging out in the gym, and being unavailable to the children." She added that Lambesis would sometimes fall asleep while supervising his children and spent thousands of dollars on tattoos and high-end vehicles.
Meggan Lambesis, who was then a stay-at-home mother, provided a 2010 tax return showing $233,000 in gross income for the couple.
For the record, divorce filings are quite frequently nasty affairs, rife with he-said-she-said accusations. Though Meggan Lambesis' claims may well be accurate, the context of said claims should be taken into account. And while it doesn't honestly seem right to propagate this information, Tim Lambesis doesn't appear deserve a whole lot of consideration at the moment.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.816994
Retrieved Text: ​The shoulder is the most frequently dislocated joint; most commonly occurring in 20-30 year-old men, followed by elderly women.
The shoulder joint is design to allow for maximal movement, however this makes it vulnerable to dislocation. And once it has popped out of joint, it is 50% likely to again.
To prevent shoulder dislocation, it is important to strengthen the 4 muscles which maintain shoulder stability; the Rotator Cuff muscles. Their main role is to work together to hold the humeral head (ball) in the shoulder socket.
Exercises using a resistance band can be very effective in strengthening the Rotator Cuff, these can be done at the gym (cable tower) or at home (1meter loop of resistance band attached to door knob).
Shoulder internal & external rotation as well as abduction exercises should be completed with each arm, 10-15 reps, 3-5 times per day.
If you have sustained a shoulder dislocation in the past; taping or bracing can assist to prevent it happening again. Stretching before 'at risk' sports can be beneficial. And we can always assess the quality and strength of scapula movement and muscles, and provide exercises targeted at any specific instabilities that may have occurred.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.80826
Retrieved Text: Any couple that shares a bed will tell you that men and women DEFINITELY sleep differently. From temperature to snoring, to who has more trouble falling asleep, and staying asleep and more, we tackle a few key differences in mens' and womens' and explain why this occurs.
1. Who is more prone to getting cold in their sleep?
Women. Women are notorious for getting extremely cold feet when they sleep because the nerves that control blood flow to the hands and feet are much for sensitive in women than men. This means, when your body temperature drops at night due to your circadian rhythm, blood vessels constrict, slowing the flow of warm blood to extremities, causing women’s feet to get very cold.
2. Who is more likely to snore?
Men. Men are more likely to snore because they have larger airways by comparison and their larynxes are lower in the neck, creating a more sizeable space in the back of their throat. While you’re sleeping, the muscles in your throat relax and your tongue falls back into this gap--the larger the gap, the louder and more likely the snore. Therefor, while it is not impossible for women to snore, it's more likely then men will snore both more frequently and more loudly.
3. Who is more prone to insomnia?
Women. The biological phases of their lives, menstruation, pregnancy and menopause, and the accompanying hormonal shifts that women experience mean they are more likely to suffer from disruptions to their sleep on a regular basis over their lifetime. Women are also more likely

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.785189
Retrieved Text: Each week this fall, we will run down notable news about former UConn players currently in the NFL. Here’s the latest following the third week of preseason action.
Tim Boyle, Green Bay Packers: Boyle did not play in the Packers’ loss to the Raiders and appears to trail Aaron Rodgers, DeShone Kizer and Brett Hundley on Green Bay’s depth chart.
Geremy Davis, Los Angeles Chargers: Davis had one catch for eight yards as the Chargers were blown out by the Saints. The fourth-year receiver said last week that he is working on becoming more consistent.
Byron Jones, Dallas Cowboys: Some observers had speculated that Jones could move from cornerback to safety to help a Cowboys team with depth issues at the latter position, but coaches have insisted he will stay where he is. Jones recorded one tackle and one deflection in the Cowboys’ loss to the Cardinals on Sunday night.
Andreas Knappe, Denver Broncos: Knappe did not play in Denver’s win over Washington, as he recovers from a concussion.
Obi Melifonwu, Oakland Raiders: Melifonwu reverted to the Raiders’ injured reserve after going unclaimed on waivers last week. Oakland waived the oft-injured safety Thursday, only 16 months after selecting him in the second round of the NFL Draft.
Nick Williams, Tennessee Titans: Williams suffered a hamstring injury during the Titans’ game against the Steelers on Saturday, just as he seemed to be making a case for a spot on the team’s 53-man roster.
Blidi Wreh-Wilson, Atlanta Falcons: Wreh-Wilson intercepted Blake Bortles in the third quarter of the Falcons’ loss to the Jaguars on Saturday

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.77972
Retrieved Text: Gal Gadot put a lot of hours in the gym to become Wonder Woman.
Even as a former member of the Israeli army, Gadot said that becoming a superhero was a lot harder.
From practicing the fight choreography to horseback riding, Gadot went through tremendous training for six months before shooting.
She's joined the club of actors who have trained to the extreme to become their superhero counterparts.
Becoming a superhero takes time and a whole lot of hard work. Actors not only have to go through an excruciating exercise program, they also have to be incredibly careful with their nutrition and even rest hours. It's a long and intricate process to get to show off those muscles on screen, and the DCEU is particularly known for its strict workout regiments.
The most recent actress to have gone through that arduous process is #GalGadot for "Wonder Woman."
Recently, Gadot appeared on Conan to give us a glimpse into her excruciating journey. While the main purpose of her appearance was to make the audience laugh, the segment showed us what she had to go through in order to get in top shape. Now, however, we have a much better idea of just how epic her fitness journey was.
"I was training for six months prior to the shoots, and six hours a day. I did two hours [of] gym work, two hours [of] fight choreography and one and a half hours - two hours horseback riding, which is super hard! When people used to tell me, 'Yeah, I do sport, I ride horses,' I

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.705307
Retrieved Text: The exercise principles outline the criteria that guide all training. Each principle allows us to critique some element of a person’s training. When a person’s training follows the principles well it is most likely to be successful. Following is a list of the principles and their definitions (in lay terms as well so we don't get to 'fancy pants scientific'.
For optimal adaptation and to avoid stagnation, overuse, and injury the exercise stimulus must be varied (this does not simply mean changing exercises all the time).
Optimal adaptation requires rest periods to be interspersed with training sessions sufficient that the adaptations caused by the exercise dose can take place.
Rest to get the best out of your exercise, not too long and not too little.
Genetics play a part. There is a law of diminishing returns with exercise. Unfit people will change a lot early on, then less and less despite continuing to train hard.
You can’t have it all at once. As all systems are related fatigue in one will interfere with the results of training in another.
How do the principles of exercise apply to individuals training in a fitness club?
One of the easiest ways to see how the principles apply is to discuss what happens when you don’t apply them properly. This table covers some basics using examples you are more than likely to encounter at some stage in a fitness club.
Sue and Sally are both doing a group fitness class with weights for the first time. Sue is getting a sore back, while Sally is getting sore calves.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.699142
Retrieved Text: Ah! August! How'd that get in here.
I ws started to notice is was August, it snuck up on me. I knew I would, but I still am annoyed that I'm letting the summer slip away from me. Must... swim!
When my goal was Just One Pullup, I did slow curls with a 5 pound weight, while I watched tv. I rested the muscle for as long or longer than I used it for each curl.
After a few weeks, I decided to see if I could do Just One Pullup, and was surprised to find I could do 10.
I have never been able to do even one pullup. After climbing weekly for year and a half, I still can't do even one pullup. Not that I've been aiming for that as a goal, but still.
Working up to pullups is tricky, because it can be hard to properly exercise those muscles at a lower level. The gym I go to (BSC in central square) has a neat machine for doing assisted pull-ups, which counterbalance your weight as much as necessary. I can still only do about four full pullups, but I can do three full sets of pullups at my weight minus thirty pounds - which is a definite improvement from when I started.
When I was going to that gym (before breaking my arm), my experience was essentially the same. Having just a little assist is often enough to be able to pull up. If you have access to such a machine, give it a try.
Also, proper technique can

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.670046
Retrieved Text: The health benefits of sticking to a regular exercise regime are numerous. Experts suggest that a healthy individual should maintain a workout time of 30 minutes daily to remain fit and healthy.
A number of studies suggest that inactivity is one of the main reasons behind weight gain and obesity. The energy that your body spends a lot of energy during exercise routines while increasing your metabolic rate which in turn leads to burning calories and losing weight. One of the best ways to adopt a regular exercise regime is to join fitness classes. Wellington gyms offer a number of such classes that teach yoga, aerobics, and other workout routines. Combining aerobics along with resistance training is likely to promote fat loss and help maintain muscle mass.
Exercising regularly can help you improve the overall good health of your heart. Working out lowers your blood pressure and prevents plaque from building up inside your arteries. It also contributes to reducing triglyceride levels and enhances what is known as the 'good cholesterol'. All these contribute towards reducing the risk of cardiovascular diseases that are prevalent amongst today's adult population.
Regular workouts contribute to lowering the risk of getting type 2 diabetes. Those who stick to their exercise regime can enjoy a low-risk level of developing metabolic syndrome, which involves high levels of cholesterol, blood sugar, and high blood pressure. According to findings, there is a strong correlation between exercise and a lower risk of certain types of cancer such as breast, lung, endometrial and colon. Physical activity that is regular

########
Rank: 20
Score: 25.612078
Retrieved Text: Get up off the floor! Laying down isn't a workout recovery.
Make your body stronger than your ego and GET UP.
As if that weren’t annoying enough, there’s the smug trainer who struts around his clients as if to let everyone know how awesome a trainer he is because his clients are laying on the ground panting. If you were really a great trainer, you’d be teaching your clients how to RECOVER from high exertion.
Let’s look at this buffoonery in context of REAL maximal efforts.
On May 3, 2014 boxing champion Floyd Mayweather Jr fought Marcos Maidana . In total he threw 426 punches, landing 230. This while constantly dancing and defending. Full intensity, 3 minute rounds of CHAMPIONSHIP professional boxing at it’s highest level. After 10 rounds, Mayweather had thrown 345 punches and been hit 189 times. One Hundred Eighty Nine! Yikes! At the end of what was no doubt an exhausting round, did Mayweather lay down in the middle of the ring panting and over exhibiting to the everyone how hard he worked? Of course not! He’s a champion. He’s a champion partially because he knows how to recover.
Do you really think your little gym workout was more intense than a Floyd Mayweather boxing match???
How about the effort of an offensive lineman in an NFL game?
In an average NFL game there are 133 plays from scrimmage. On every one of those plays, an offensive lineman has to exert maximal effort against an equally determined and powerful defensive lineman or linebacker. That’s a brutal workload. How much of

########
Rank: 21
Score: 25.50244
Retrieved Text: This column has covered an awful lot of ground over the years but there’s always room for a quick refresher course in proper form. In this particular case, it’s all about avoiding a few simple exercise errors and, in the process, steering clear of some very avoidable aches and pains. To follow are some reminders designed to keep you pumped and protected.
When using the popular “lat pulldown” machine, never pull the bar down behind your neck. Choosing to pull down in front enables you to better activate the latissimus dorsi (or “lat”) muscles while avoiding potential—and dangerous—stress on your rotator cuffs (the group of muscles and their tendons that act to stabilize the shoulder). Maintain a loose grip (see below), pull down slowly and smoothly until the bar is level with your chin, and then allow the bar to rise just as slowly and smoothly back up to the starting position. No herky-jerky body movements.
Do not place your hands clasped behind your head when executing those abdominal crunches. Doing so not only puts your neck at risk of injury, it also does not allow your neck to strengthen. If your neck aches while doing crunches in this manner, it is most likely because your neck muscles are weak. So, start slowly. The more crunches you work up to, the stronger your neck will become. Reminder: The movement is a “crunching” of your ribs towards your hips and I recommend keeping your hands on your abs to better experience the movement and contraction.
When performing a bench press

########
Rank: 22
Score: 25.494268
Retrieved Text: Hello All! Trained three disciplines today, and had a great time doing all of them!
Martyr and Eric start off by both doing their best Mike Tyson impression. Not quite sure who has the better one! Then Eli led us through a new series of boxing drills where we weren't hitting pads but instead we had to parry/block/dodge the punches. A fun challenge and again something Eli looks much more comfortable doing than me! After we had a fairly low key tricking session. I haven't been feeling too into tricking recently and I think my body is recognizing that because my muscles did not feel like going hard on the tricks today. Later that day I went to Scarborough Gym Elites and trained some parkour moves. I worked on what I think are called plyometric jumps (the one foot jumps from beam to beam). I finished up working on my fly-aways and landed a double full fly-away for the first time! Yay!!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 25.44695
Retrieved Text: The biggest thing I struggled with was realising it is okay to have off days and that you can get right back on track the next day and be okay, as well as keeping track of food and staying consistent.
I decided I wanted to change when I realised how far gone I was. I wanted to make sure I could get healthy to live a better life without trouble, and to help my self esteem.
My biggest concern was looking stupid at the gym while working out. I overcame it by just going for it constantly even if I was unsure of myself.
The hardest thing for me to change was creating a habit of tracking my food every day. I made sure I did it since I had you to keep me accountable haha, and that formed a habit.
The lowest part of my journey so far was trying to stay consistent with food and the gym while going through rough patches of depression and anxiety. I overcame it by at least trying to keep my food consistent when I couldn't make myself go to the gym, and making sure I went to the gym at least 2 times a week.
Yes! I creating a healthy habit of consistency and tracking my food. Accountability from Carter helped a lot as I know I could not make this happen by myself. I didn't expect to achieve the confidence to try exercises with the actual barbells and squat racks, but I did it!
Yes I think I made the right decision as

########
Rank: 24
Score: 25.376535
Retrieved Text: You might be surprised to learn that, in your journey to gain weight, you’ve noticed that weight gain programs are subject to just as much controversy and misinformation as weight loss programs. So much time and money is spent on developing solutions for weight loss, so gaining weight should be the easiest thing in the world, right?
Unfortunately, it’s not that simple. There are plenty of myths and outright lies when it comes to weight gain programs and it can be difficult to separate fact from fiction. Many guys fall prey to such misinformation and waste endless hours in the gym and in the kitchen pursuing programs that will never work. Read on to discover a few myths about gaining weight and muscle, and why they could harm you.
This myth comes mostly from people who don’t know any better and haven’t done any real research into bodybuilding and lifting weights. These are the guys who you typically see in the gym every day of the week, spending an hour lifting their butts off and running on a treadmill.
While exercise is certainly one of the most important components of weight gain programs, it’s not the only important aspect. Eating a proper diet and allowing your body time to rest are also important; in fact, most bodybuilders agree that lifting weights, diet, and rest are the most important aspects of gaining weight. Spend five days in the gym lifting weights every week and you aren’t allowing your muscles nearly enough time to rest.
Since sleep is incredibly important for the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.355434
Retrieved Text: PowerSlim Studio claims that 55 minutes in it burns as much calories as spending five hours in the gym!
IF YOU CANNOT imagine anything worse than spending hours in the gym working hard for the body of your dreams, then perhaps PowerSlim is the perfect alternative for you. PowerSlim has a patented unique method of synergising infrared radiation and ionisation which works to intensify metabolic rate and burn calories. On top of that, it also purportedly doubles as a collagen production stimulant! The ionisation technology was developed by Polish scientists and it directly impacts the metabolic balance as well as improves overall sense of well-being.
PowerSlim is currently only available at The Spa Artisan which is located at The Fullerton Hotel. Upon my arrival, the therapist gave me an inbody analysis to detect the amount of fat and muscle tissues in different parts of my body. All I had to do was step on the analyser and minutes later, a print out of my body composition was generated. Next, I was led to a room where a huge MRI-looking machine called the PowerSlim Studio resides. My therapist explained that I would be slathered with thermal slim cream before lying down in this cylinder for my treatment. I would also have electrode pads placed over my tummy to help stimulate the nerves and cause the muscles to contract; thereby, effectively exercising my abdominal muscles for me while I rested. To help me get through the 55 minutes of treatment, I could either choose the music of my choice which

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.23103
Retrieved Text: Everyone who spends time working out with weights wants to build strength and muscle mass. Increasing muscle mass makes you healthier and helps you burn more calories as well as look better. If you want to get the most benefit out of the time you spend working out, these tips will help you do just that.
Use free weights whenever you can – There are some good machines that you can use for exercises that you can use to do exercises that are prone to causing injuries, but for the majority of exercises you do free weights will make you use some smaller stabilizing muscles that you don’t work on many machines.
Use compound exercises – Compound exercises will work on more that one muscle at a time and help you gain mass faster, while not expending much more energy to perform the exercise. Do as few isolation exercises as you can when working out.
Do a weekly assessment on your body – See which muscles need the most work and do the exercises for those muscles first in your workout so you have the most energy and least muscle fatigue.
Change your routine every 4 weeks – Change the exercises for each body part and change the order in which you do the exercises. Making changes to your routine will keep your body from adjusting to the routing and stop muscle growth.
Be careful – A bad muscle injury can set you back several months. It’s much better to be safe and take the precautions to avoid the injury in

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.17106
Retrieved Text: As you know, I just got back from a two months vacation in Malaysia. My plan was to source as much protein as possible just so I could stay on the P90X Fat Shredder diet plan. For those who are not familiar with the P90X diet plans, check out this article here.
I had been on the P90X Fat Shredder diet since I started my Beachbody workout journey in October 2012. With the help of this diet, P90X, Insanity as well as supplements like Shakeology, I was able to lose 35 lb and got my body fat down to 8% in just 6 months. I still had a bit fat around my waist that I wanted to lose before I start the mass gain program. The Fat Shredder diet has been working out great for me so I had no plan to switch to a different diet, just yet. My wife even bought me a 5 lb bag of whey protein that I could use while I was there. Things don’t always go the way that we wanted. My luggage were packed and were borderline over the weight limit imposed by the airline. So I had no choice but to leave out the hefty bag of whey protein.
This diet plan is an athletic diet of complex carbohydrates, lean protein and lower fat with an emphasis on more carbs. This is diet meant to be a long-term diet AFTER we’ve reached a decent fitness goal. The staple food in Malaysia is “conveniently” carbs like rice and noodles so

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.11929
Retrieved Text: Strength Training tends to be overlooked by newcomers to the fitness world because it is thought that building muscle won’t take the weight off. That is a fallacy that leads its believers to poor health and a body that may become slimmer, but not shapely, healthy, and physically fit. Keep reading if you want to find out some reasons to pick up the weights when you finish running on the treadmill.
The more lean muscle mass you have, the less fat you will have. The reason for this is that muscle actually burns fat. Muscle makes the body a more well-oiled machine that keeps burning for hours after a work out. Studies have shown people who lift weights have an even lower fat mass percentage than those who do aerobic exercise alone. What a great reason to combine the two for ultimate results!
Sounds like a common sense statement, doesn’t it? But, most people don’t stop to consider that the more strength you have, the less likely you may be to get injured. Of course, that doesn’t mean to over do the weights because this can also injure you. But, if you are an avid runner, it might make sense to lift some weights so your body is stronger and can run longer without getting injured.
Okay, so you just dropped fifty pounds through diet and a nightly jog through your neighborhood. But, when you look in the mirror, things still jiggle that you don’t want to jiggle and you still carry weight in the same spots you always

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.10443
Retrieved Text: This is a weekly series on exercise that will give you the biggest bang for your exercise buck in and out of the gym. Today’s exercise is adductor rocking courtesy of Tim Anderson of Original Strength. You should do this because– those inner thigh muscles are quite large and they do get neglected (out of sight, … Continue reading The best exercise you’re not doing…….

================



======= Instance Index 32 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are more clicks or fewer clicks? ):

The faster the clicks of a Geiger counter occur, the higher the level of radiation.


By moving a Geiger counter from a block of Uranium to a rock that has lower radiation, was the scientist able to hear more clicks or fewer clicks??

Target Text: fewer clicks?

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 50.637302
Retrieved Text: Chemistry fans often refer to Oct. 23 as “Mole Day,” since the numbers 10 and 23 are part of a basic constant in chemistry, the mole. This unit describes how many atoms exist in a given sample of any substance, so scientists use moles to simplify lots of calculations. For example, when an average nuclear reactor first starts up its core has about 120,000 kilograms of uranium in its fuel. A mole of uranium weighs about 238 grams, so a brand-new core has about 504,000 moles of uranium. A plant scientist or NRC specialist would base some core calculations on a more exact definition of moles in the core.
Author ModeratorPosted on February 24, 2015 February 11, 2016 Categories Dry Casks 101, Radioactive Waste, Science 101Tags basic science, nuclear power plants, spent nuclear fuel, uranium7 Comments on Science 101 – What is Nuclear Fuel?
The primary active ingredient in nuclear reactor fuel is a particular variety, or “isotope,” of uranium, called U235. U235 is relatively rare — only about 0.7% of uranium as it exists in nature is U235. Uranium must be enriched to contain about 5% U235 to function properly as fuel for a U.S. commercial nuclear power plant.
U235 has 92 protons and 143 neutrons. Protons and neutrons are some of the almost unimaginably tiny particles that make up the nucleus of an atom — see Science 101 Blog #1. All other isotopes of uranium also have 92 protons, but different isotopes have slightly different numbers of neutrons.
Uranium is a radioactive element. Uranium atoms break apart, or

########
Rank: 1
Score: 46.746315
Retrieved Text: Buy By Mom | What Is a Geiger counter And Where Do You Find One?
What Is a Geiger counter And Where Do You Find One?
Becoming a mother is one of the biggest journeys and learning schools that any woman starts out upon. Right from the first moment you start trying for a child, you start learning. The first lesson is learning about the best ways to conceive, followed by everything pregnancy that you never even knew could be possible. But when your child is born the real learning begins – and it never ends. Once your child starts to talk you will constantly be bombarded with the strangest questions about things you never even gave a second thought about. One of these strange questions that you will probably hear from your science loving child is about a Geiger counter.
Geiger counters are also known as radiation counters or radiation inspection devices. It is a smallish device that picks up ionizing radiation particles in objects. You can use a Geiger counter to check for radiation in any object such as food, granite counters or just about any other objects to see if the objects or food items holds any danger of radiation poisoning in them.
Why radiation poisoning is dangerous?
Radiation poisoning is terrible for people. Getting in direct contact with an object that has a high radiation level can burn your flesh and cause instant death. Those who are exposed to objects with low levels of radiation can also develop cancer and babies born from mothers with radiation poisoning

########
Rank: 2
Score: 45.90649
Retrieved Text: Hans Geiger invented his eponymous counter for measuring radioactivity in 1911. Radioactivity is the emission of radiation by certain elements, which results from the unstable nuclei of an element’s atoms or a nuclear reaction. Humans cannot detect radioactivity through their senses alone. As a result, Geiger’s invention has become indispensable in a variety of scientific and medical settings, from detecting cosmic rays to determining the presence of radon in home basements.
Geiger was born in Germany in September 1882 and studied physics at the University of Munich and the University of Erlangen. After earning his doctorate in 1906, he moved to England, where he worked with Nobel Prize-winning chemist Ernest Rutherford at his laboratory at the University of Manchester.
Rutherford and his Manchester colleagues were performing breakthrough research in the field of radiation. Geiger worked with J.M. Nuttal to establish the Geiger-Nuttall rule. That rule showed a linear relationship between the logarithm of the range of alpha-particles and the radioactive time constant. Geiger assisted Rutherford in his research on the structure of the atom, which would show that each atom contains a nucleus occupying a small volume at its center.
Geiger’s work with Rutherford led him to develop a measuring device for counting how many alpha particles and other forms of ionizing radiation were being emitted in their experiments. His early approach was tedious and imprecise: he used gold foil and a screen to detect moving particles, which would flash when they hit the foil. Geiger spent countless hours in a dark room counting these flashes.
He began work on

########
Rank: 3
Score: 44.345394
Retrieved Text: These Uranium Marbles are contain 3% Uranium which is added to the glass in the molten process. Because of the Uranium in the glass the marbles glow bright under black light also known as ultraviolet light.These marbles are completely safe to handle. They will even register on Geiger Counter however do not emit enough radiation to be hazardous.
Click the button below to add the Uranium Marbles Multi Color 12 Pack to your wish list.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 43.626774
Retrieved Text: PB: Comparing a specialist measurements at one location with Alex Jone’s special report (in progress for the whole Pacific Coast of the USA) is not fair and unfortunate.
Jackson, up to this video part, travelled some of the coast, finding significantly higher than normal radiation levels at many places, plus reports by local people, incl. fishermen, about the fate of the sealife.
Scientist Peter Bein informed Canadians today on Radio Warrior the urgency of action to be taken by the Canadian Government and take a leadership position, as well as educating of citizens to act jointly to stop TOPCO’s corporate interests and removing spent rods, by using global professionals to work together before a disaster the likes the world has ever seen. Global regulatory groups and commissions are keeping the reality of what is happening under wraps, and though most of the real story is being uncovered through alternative media, the framework brought out by the mainstream remains vague and controlled.
The hour long show posted below informs Canadians why Geiger counters can be meaningless without the ability to know which kind of radiation you are looking for. Bein infromed Radio Warrior that radioactive readings like what international medcom.com and safecast.org are looking for, such as Cesium 137 and 134, that there are many other kinds of radioactive isotopes that have come from Fukushima that are relevant, such as Uranium, Plutonium. Specialized equipment is needed that can separate these isotopes and it is the government agencies that are still doing readings, but not publishing them.
Geiger counters cannot differentiate from

########
Rank: 5
Score: 42.57744
Retrieved Text: When United Stated of America launched it’s first spacecraft (Explorer 1) to space, the Geiger counter was registering high radiation levels above Earth’s atmosphere, it’s the Van Allen Radiation Belt.
The Van Allen belts are a collection of charged particles, gathered in place by Earth’s magnetic field. The inner belt, composed predominantly of protons, and the outer belt, mostly electrons, They are sometimes swell up enough to expose satellites in low-Earth orbit to damaging radiation. They are named the Van Allen Belts, after James Van Allen, the scientist who led the charge designing the instruments and studying the radiation data.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 42.4508
Retrieved Text: Beneath the elegant curves of the roof on the Seirinji Buddhist temple in Japan's Fukushima region hangs an unlikely adornment: a Geiger counter collecting real-time radiation readings.
The machine is sending data to Safecast, an NGO born after the March 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster that says it has now built the world's largest radiation dataset, thanks to the efforts of citizen scientists like Seirinji's priest Sadamaru Okano.
Like many Japanese, Okano lost faith in the government after the nuclear meltdown seven years ago.
"The government didn't tell us the truth, they didn't tell us the true measures," he told AFP, seated inside the 150-year-old temple.
Okano was in a better position than most to doubt the government line, having developed an amateur interest in nuclear technology two decades earlier after learning about the Chernobyl disaster.
To the bemusement of friends and family, he started measuring local radiation levels in 2007, so when the disaster happened, he had baseline data.
"The readings were so high... 50 times higher than natural radiation," he said of the post-disaster data.
"I was amazed... the news was telling us there was nothing, the administration was telling us there was nothing to worry about."
That dearth of trustworthy information was the genesis of Safecast, said co-founder Pieter Franken, who was in Tokyo with his family when the disaster hit.
Franken and several friends had the idea of gathering data by attaching Geiger counters to cars and driving around.
"Like how Google does Street View, we could do something for radiation in the same way," he said.
"The only problem was that the system

########
Rank: 7
Score: 41.79415
Retrieved Text: The Medical Association for Prevention of War has released a statement signed by 45 medical doctors calling on uranium mining company Toro Energy to stop promoting the view that low-level radiation is beneficial to human health. Toro Energy, which plans to mine uranium at Wiluna in WA and has interests in uranium exploration ventures in the NT and SA, has sponsored speaking tours by controversial Canadian scientist Doug Boreham. The joint statement notes that recent research has heightened rather than reduced concern about the adverse health impacts of low-level radiation.
Toro Energy is an Australian company involved in uranium exploration in Western Australia, the Northern Territory, South Australia and in Namibia, Africa. The company's most advanced project is the proposed Wiluna uranium mine in the WA Goldfields.
Toro Energy has consistently promoted the fringe scientific view that exposure to low-level radiation is harmless. Toro Energy has sponsored at least three speaking visits to Australia by Canadian scientist Dr Doug Boreham, who argues that low-level radiation is actually beneficial to human health.
A 2010 report by the United Nations Scientific Committee on the Effects of Atomic Radiation states that "the current balance of available evidence tends to favour a non-threshold response for the mutational component of radiation-associated cancer induction at low doses and low dose rates."
The 2006 report of the Committee on the Biological Effects of Ionising Radiation (BEIR) of the US National Academy of Sciences states that "the risk of cancer proceeds in a linear fashion at lower doses without a threshold and ... the smallest dose has the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 41.558613
Retrieved Text: Geiger counter or Geiger-Müller (G-M) counter (gī´gər-mŭl´ər, –myōō´lər), instrument for the detection and quantitative determination of ionizing radiation such as the alpha and beta rays given off by radioactive minerals and cosmic rays. It was first developed by Hans (J. W.) Geiger and later improved by Geiger and A. Müller. Variously designed for different uses, it consists commonly of a gas-filled metal cylinder that acts as one electrode, and a needle or thin taut wire along the axis of the cylinder that acts as the other electrode. Glass caps used to seal the ends of the tube serve as insulators. A voltage applied to the device is so adjusted that it is almost strong enough to cause a current to pass through the gas from one electrode to the other. The gas becomes ionized whenever the counter is brought near radioactive substances, however little the quantity and however faint the emanations. The resulting ionized particles of gas are able to carry the current from one electrode to the other, thus completing a circuit. Once established, the current is amplified by an electronic device so that it can indicate by an audible click the presence of ionized particles. The gas quickly returns to its normal nonionized state, permitting each new particle or ray to register, making counting possible. The instrument can also register ionization by a pointer and scale called a rate meter. The Geiger counter is used in the detection of cosmic rays and for locating radioactive minerals. Counters enable radioactive tracers to be followed as

########
Rank: 9
Score: 41.40728
Retrieved Text: The Gamma-Scout is a general purpose geiger counter that measures alpha, beta, gamma and x-ray radiation. It has proven to be useful in the medical, nuclear, mining, metal scrap and foundry industries. It is also used by first responders, police, customs and border control, hobbyists, rock hounds and in personal or home survival kits. The Gamma-Scout sets a new standard in portable geiger counter performance and functionality.
The Gamma-Scout geiger counter has a large digital display that can display the radiation detected as dose rate (µSv/hr or mRem/hr) or in pulses (total count or per second). There is also an analog logarithmic bar chart to quickly visualize the magnitude of the measured dose rate. Additional visual indicators show if monthly or annual dose thresholds have been exceeded.
The Gamma-Scout is a fully featured geiger counter with a form fitting ergonomic shape. The unit has a battery indicator, multiple unit conversion, real-time dose rate and cumulative dose display functions, and programmable logging and alert functions. Advanced functions include PC data download via USB cable and an ultra low current power circuit for extended battery life.
The Gamma-Scout is German designed and manufactured, built with a solid Novadur exterior. An optional stylish leather holster with belt strap can further protect your Gamma-Scout from the elements. The Gamma-Scout meets all European CE standards as well as US FCC 15. All units come with an industry leading 2-year manufacturer's warranty and a serialized test certificate.
The four Gamma-Scout models are Standard, Alert, Online and the new Rechargeable model. You can purchase a unit direct

########
Rank: 10
Score: 41.30223
Retrieved Text: Cpm radiation safe level. Cpm radiation safe level.
Mar 27, - Here are some facts about radiation and the health dangers it poses: * Radiation is measured using the unit sievert, which quantifies the amount absorbed by human tissues. One sievert is 1, millisieverts and 1 million microsieverts. * People are constantly exposed to some level of natural radiation.
Conversion to dose rate[ edit ] Count rate does not universally equate to dose rate, and there is no simple universal conversion factor. See also MrGeiger -- free software I've written to process the data coming out of this geiger counter, part of trying to make a CS assignment out of the geiger counter, and an how to put together the USB connection. Hand-held large area alpha scintillation probe under calibration using a plate source in close proximity to the detector.
The SI unit of radioactivity, the becquerel Bq , is equivalent to one disintegration per second. Ratemeters and scalers[ edit ] In radiation protection practice, an instrument which reads a rate of detected events is normally known as a ratemeter, which was first developed by R D Robley Evans in Normally, very little current flows the device can run on 2 AAA batteries, so it's not like a lot of current could be supported anyway.
Rather than being an exact unit of size because different types of radiation have different effects an mSv measures the effective radiation dose. Counts per minute abbreviated to cpm is a measure of the detection rate of ionization events per minute. When an unstable atom

########
Rank: 11
Score: 41.300327
Retrieved Text: Although federal officials learned last year that the 5-gallon containers were brimming with uranium ore, then removed the radioactive specimens, the park's safety director alleges nothing was done to warn park workers or the public that they might have been exposed to unsafe levels of radiation.
© Courtesy of Elston Stephenson OSHA sent inspectors to the Grand Canyon's museum building, where uranium sites were traced to three buckets inside. An investigation is underway.
"Respectfully, it was not only immoral not to let Our People know," he added, "but I could not longer risk my (health and safety) certification by letting this go any longer."
According to Stephenson, the uranium specimens had been in a basement at park headquarters for decades and were moved to the museum building when it opened, around 2000.
One of the buckets was so full that its lid would not close.
© Courtesy of Elston Stephenson This is part of a 45-slide presentation from the safety manager at the Grand Canyon National Park that documented the radiation exposure and findings.
The Nuclear Regulatory Commission measures radiation contamination in millisieverts per hour or per year. According to Stephenson, close exposures to the uranium buckets could have exposed adults to 400 times the health limit — and children to 4,000 times what is considered safe.
Emily Davis, a public affairs specialist at the Grand Canyon, said the Park Service is coordinating an investigation with the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and the Arizona Department of Health Services.
Davis stressed that a recent review of the building in question uncovered only background radiation,

########
Rank: 12
Score: 40.86673
Retrieved Text: The discovery that natural radiant energy was a much more complex phenomenon than previously thought with various different sources dates back to the last decade of the nineteenth century. In 1895 Röntgen discovered a new kind of radiation, which he called X-rays, and apparently 'aroused an amount of interest unprecedented in the history of physical science' according to J. J. Thomson, Head of the Cavendish Laboratory in Cambridge, reporting to professional colleagues the following year. We now know that it was indeed a remarkable breakthrough and one that was to bring great benefits and dangers that were not initially appreciated, dangers that were also to arise with the other newly discovered forms of radiation.
Wilhelm Konrad von Röntgen, 1845-1923, Prussian-born, Nobel prize-winning physicist (1901), studied in Zurich and was professor in Strasbourg, Giessen, Würzburg, where he discovered X-rays in 1895, and Munich (1899-1919).
Sir Joseph John Thomson, 1856-1940, Nobel prize-winning (1906) British physicist who discovered the electron, thus opening up the study of atomic structure, Cambridge-trained and became Cavendish professor there (1884-1919) and made the laboratory world-famous.
discovered that a lump of radium mineral that he carried around in his pocket burned his skin. But it was the young Polish scientist Marie Curie and her French husband Pierre who made a study of these strange 'Becquerel rays'. Marie Curie made the all-important discovery that the radiant energy emitted by the uranium salt was an inherent property of the element uranium and together with her husband Pierre named the new phenomenon 'radioactivity'. In addition, Marie Curie found that the element

########
Rank: 13
Score: 40.580887
Retrieved Text: by Valley Fire Truck Co.
Some Willys fire trucks, particularly those built by Howe and General, were sold through Willys dealers as Willys "Commando" Fire Trucks. Other trucks released by the factory as pickups or "stripped chassis" trucks (see Willys-Overland Production Figures) were converted into fire engines by a number of apparatus manufacturers, using a variety of designs unique to their builders.
Valley Fire Truck in Bay City, Michigan built the "Champion" Willys, and marketed it directly to municipalities and industry.
This pumper built by Valley Fire Truck in 1957 was restored by Bill Engeman of Wexford PA in 2016. It was displayed at the 2016 Bantam Jeep Heritage Festival, and was then purchased for the Omix-ADA Jeep Collection.
The truck's streamlined roof light (90K JPEG) was also used by General Fire Truck. Does anyone know the origin of this light?
Bill's restoration includes an interesting collection of equipment (150K JPEG). The Champion was apparently in service with PPG Industries prior to being sold as surplus in 1992.
Ron Hattner's truck is a 1962 Champion. Compared to the Commando, the Valley truck has larger rear compartments and lacks the "streamlined" bodywork behind the cab. It also has front fender skirts more neatly matched to the shape of the fenders than General's sheet metal or Howe's diamond plate versions.
These photos were taken at the 2007 Spring Midwest Willys Reunion in Rochester Hills, Michigan, where the truck was also photographed at the Chrysler Museum.
A closer shot of the Darley Champion pump (170K JPEG) shows the tachometer neatly mounted just below the switch for the

########
Rank: 14
Score: 40.53824
Retrieved Text: Boltwood explained that by studying a rock containing uranium, its age could be determined by measuring its amounts of uranium and lead.
The more lead the rock contained, the older it was.
As long ago as 1907, the American chemist Bertram B.
Boltwood (1870–1927) suggested that knowledge of radioactivity might be used to determine the age of Earth's crust.
Libby also found that as long as an organism remains alive, its supply of carbon-14 remains the same.
During this decay, one substance actually changes into another and radiation is released.In the last 40 years, radiocarbon dating has been used on more than 100,000 samples in 80 different laboratories.Besides dating plant and animal life, this method has been used to verify the age of such different artifacts as the Dead Sea Scrolls (2,100 years), a charcoal sample from an ancient South Dakota campsite (7,000 years), and a pair of sandals from an Oregon cave (9,300 years).Radioactive dating was not possible until 1896, when the radioactive properties of uranium (a radioactive metallic element) were discovered by French physicist (a person specializing in the study of energy and matter), Antoine Henri Becquerel (1852–1908).When a substance is described as radioactive, it means that at the subatomic (relating to parts of an atom) level, some parts of it are unstable.C and counting the amount of each) allows one to date the death of the once-living things.Perhaps you have heard of Ice Man, a man living in the Alps who died and was entombed in glacial ice until recently when the ice moved and melted.Libby realized that

########
Rank: 15
Score: 40.516052
Retrieved Text: Because the I-129 at 39.6 keV, and Pb-210 at 46.5 keV, have energy peaks so close together, it can be difficult to tell them apart with a NAI scintillator. If they are present at the same time, the peak that shows will drift toward the 39.6 kev if more I-129 is present, and towards 46.5 keV if more Pb-210 is present.
Radioactive I-129 is a lot less radioactive than the I-131, they are both released during a nuclear reactor melt down, at a fixed ratio of 3 parts iodine-131 to one part iodine-129.
Half life 1-131 8 day, in the environment 80 days +.
Half Life I-129 15.7 million years.
I-129 very tiny amounts can also be naturally produced in the upper atmosphere, by a process called cosmic spallation.
1-129 can bio-accumulate in the environment and in food.
The questions being debated here are.
A. If it is a I-129 detection, is it from the Fukushima Nuclear Disaster?
C. Would it be wise to take Iodine supplements, if a significant extra amount of it was being released into the environment, and bio accumulating?
This is a reply by poster Potrblog on https://www.enviroreporter.com I think it is a very good answer to the questions above.
“A: There is no 100% quantitative way to tie it to Fukushima, you can only make qualitative correlations based on the magnitude detected vs what would be expected, and other factors like opportunity and timing.
Taking Iodine supplements is a question people have to decide for themselves.
Iodine supplements are not for everyone. We are all different. Some people taking them can get adverse

########
Rank: 16
Score: 40.489426
Retrieved Text: About Geiger CounterGeiger counter, also known as Geiger-Müller counter, is a type of radiation detection and measurement device, which was invented by Hans Geiger and Walther Müller in 1928. It is a type of gas-filled detector that detects alpha, beta, and gamma ionizing radiations. It consists of a Geiger-Müller tube filled with inert gases such as helium, neon, or argon at low pressure, a counting device, and a visual and audio readout. The term Geiger counter applies to those instruments using a Geiger-Müller detector.
Technavio’s analysts forecast the global Geiger counter market to grow at a CAGR of 6.03% during the period 2017-2021.
Technavio’s report, Global Geiger Counter Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.
Ludlum Measurements, Mirion Technologies, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Arrow-Tech, ECOTEST, FLIR Systems, Fuji Electric, Gamma-Scout, International Medcom, John Caunt Scientific, Quarta-Rad, Polimaster, S.E. International, SOEKS USA.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 40.24669
Retrieved Text: When you think about it buying a radiation monitor is a rather odd thing to do. For most of us radioactivity or ionising radiation is something we rarely think about, except when it hits the headlines, following a serious incident, leak or explosion, and that’s when the trouble begins.
The media revels in a good scare story: all of the old clichés are rolled out, a lot of people are unnecessarily worried and think they need a Geiger Counter for their personal safety or to prevent them from growing two heads (the chances of developing super powers after radiation exposure have yet to be proved scientifically...).
The fact is, the only people who actually need radiation monitoring equipment for health and safety reasons are those involved in the handling of radioactive materials, or can reasonably expect to encounter potenially hazardous radioactive sources in the course of their work. The devices they use are usually highly specialised and supported by trained experts and technicians who know how to interpret the readings they provide. At the risk of losing sales we have to say that this is not what we are about here at anythingradioactive..
We sell radiation detection and monitoring equipment for everyday use and - dare we say it - for fun, leisure and education; they are the sort of thing that's of interest to geologists and rock hounds, 'dark' tourists, antique collectors, students, 'doomdsday' preppers and of course to satisfy the curiosity of science nuts and gadget freaks, like us. The point is none of the instruments that

########
Rank: 18
Score: 40.10472
Retrieved Text: 2012 uranium mining, by nation.
World Uranium production in 2005.
Uranium minerals were noticed by miners for a long time prior to the discovery of uranium in 1789. The uranium mineral pitchblende, also known as uraninite, was reported from the Krušné hory (Ore Mountains), Saxony, as early as 1565. Other early reports of pitchblende date from 1727 in Jáchymov and 1763 in Schwarzwald.
In the early 19th century, uranium ore was recovered as a byproduct of mining in Saxony, Bohemia, and Cornwall. The first deliberate mining of radioactive ores took place in Jáchymov, a silver-mining city in the Czech Republic. Marie Curie used pitchblende ore from Jáchymov to isolate the element radium, a decay product of uranium. Until World War II, uranium was mined primarily for its radium content; some carnotite deposits were mined primarily for the vanadium content. Sources for radium, contained in the uranium ore, were sought for use as luminous paint for watch dials and other instruments, as well as for health-related applications, some of which in retrospect were certainly harmful. The byproduct uranium was used mostly as a yellow pigment.
In the United States, the first radium/uranium ore was discovered in 1871 in gold mines near Central City, Colorado. This district produced about 50 tons of high grade ore between 1871 and 1895. However, most American uranium ore before World War II came from vanadium deposits on the Colorado Plateau of Utah and Colorado.
In Cornwall, the South Terras Mine near St. Stephen opened for uranium production in 1873, and produced about 175 tons of ore before

########
Rank: 19
Score: 39.28106
Retrieved Text: Mining and minerals - ANSTOIn milling and flotation operations, instruments using radioactive sources are widespread. These devices have the advantage of providing reliable non-contact measurement. Examples include the measurement of density and moisture in ore or slurries (important for process control and achieving final concentrate target.equipment that measuring radiation in mining,Radiation protection guidelines on mining in South Australia .Jan 18, 2010 . The use of appropriate personal protective equipment (PPE) and hygiene procedures are an important part of radiation . Before leaving the site, background gamma dose rates must be similar to initial background levels. The measurement method should be defined in the RMP and records kept of the.
An investigation into radiation exposures in underground non .
Radon progeny concentration by both grab sampling and automatic devices were undertaken at selected mines. . Kompa R, Pensko J and Schmier H 1985 Measurements of radon and decay products in non-uranium mines of the Federal Republic of Germany using active and passive methods Occupational Radiation.
also arise from equipment containing human-made radioactive sources, such as thickness and density gauges, and from radiation generators, such as X-radiography equipment [1, 2]. Nuclear gauges. Nuclear measurement gauges for industrial process measurements have been around for many years. They have.
Sources of Radon and its Measurement Techniques in Underground .
This study aims to identify the potential sources of radon exhalation and its measurement in underground uranium mines to control the radiation levels within safe limits and protect miners from ... Disturbances caused by the movement of mine workers and mining equipment may also enhance the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 39.197002
Retrieved Text: Welcome to Radiation Alert® Support. Here you’ll find product documentation, FAQs, helpful links about the use of your radiation detectors, and information about the basics of ionizing radiation.
If you’d like to stay up to date on the latest Radiation Alert® software updates, tips and tricks, and news about upcoming events and trade shows, please subscribe to get our monthly radiation alert updates. Check out the following for the latest from How To Articles and Radiation Alert @ Work.
If you can’t find what you need in our support section, please feel free to contact our customer service, calibration, or technical support departments. We’ll be happy to help.
Many answers and solutions can be found in the operation manuals or the faqs in the suport section. But, in the rare case that your instrument is in need of repair, we are here to assist.
Please contact our technical support department to evaluate your detector to determine if a repair is needed. Our repair specialists are ready to assist you.
If you need information on calibrating your radiation detector, please see our calibration page.
Sometimes our instruments are purchased by individuals with no background in radiation protection. We thought it would be helpful to include this information in this support section. Our Radiation Basics information is based on features that are available with most of our Radiation Alert® meters.
| What Are Safe Levels of Radiation?
Do the Radiation Alert@ instruments detect all types of radiation?
None of the instruments listed in this website detect neutron, and don’t detect non-ionizing radiation, like microwave, RF (radio frequency),

########
Rank: 21
Score: 39.14293
Retrieved Text: It's a high-precision device with a professional Geiger-Muller counter and user-friendly interface. Operation algorithm meets the highest professional standards.
You don't need to be a professional to use it!
Everything we encounter in our daily lives contains radioactive material, some naturally occurring and some man-made: the air we breathe, the water we drink, the food we eat, the ground we walk upon, and the consumer products we purchase and use.
Radiation exposure can increase the chances of developing cancer, tumors and genetic damage.
Measure the dose rate of gamma radiation and X-ray.
Search and localize radiation source.
Alarm if the radiation level exceeds the safe level.
Radon, a naturally occurring radioactive gas, can become trapped inside walls and basements, elevating long-term cancer risks.
Kitty litter is one of the most common sources of radiation in your home. One of its major components is bentonite clay, containing traces of naturally-occurring uranium and thorium.
Thanks to the way in which we just dump thousands of tons of cat litter in landfills each year, there’s a danger that this radiation might spread to our groundwater.
Medical procedures make up 96 percent of the average person's exposure to man-made radiation, people should limit the number and types of x-rays they receive.
A chest X-ray typically delivers a dose of about 0,1 mSV, while a full-body CT scan packs a 10 mSV punch. By comparison, a CT scan of the chest delivers 7 mSv, while a scan of the head gives 2 mSv. A dental x-ray gives 0,015 mSv, and an x-ray of a hand or foot delivers 0.005 mSv.
Grandmother's old collection

########
Rank: 22
Score: 38.968838
Retrieved Text: A Geiger counter is a radiation detection instrument. Since the nuclear disaster in Fukushima Japan in 2011, radiation hazards and radiation detection instruments like Geiger counters were brought to the public consciousness. The news media coverage of the disaster and its subsequent safety hazards created an increased demand for Geiger counters that is still felt today.
This article will show you how to build a laboratory-quality Desktop Digital Geiger Counter.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 38.89323
Retrieved Text: Geiger Counter Bulletin News and Views on Radiation Detection.
“What we need is full disclosure, a full inventory of radiation released including the exact isotopes,” says Jan van de Putte, a specialist in radiation safety trained at Technical University of Delft in the Netherlands. Read more in this Bloomberg report.
Dan is CEO of IMI (International Medcom, Inc.). He has been designing and manufacturing innovative radiation detection instruments for over 40 years. Many thousands of these instruments are in use throughout the world in support of public safety, security, nuclear arms control, medical and laboratory safety programs, educational programs, and personal safety applications.
This entry was posted in News, review. Bookmark the permalink.
© 2014 Copyright by Geiger Counter Bulletin All rights reserved.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 38.358906
Retrieved Text: Immediately after the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear disaster occurred on 3.11 (March 11th, 2011), our lives have changed in many ways. Some people avoid eating seafood from that area, and others keep monitoring radiological dosages on their own. There are even people that deliberately live inside the restricted areas designated by the Japanese government. Due to the diverse attitudes toward the nuclear issues, we have no collective opinions; this “unsettled” state distracts us from finding definite solutions for these problems.
This project, named “unsettled”, is aiming for us to reconsider ourselves through radiation which is the core of these problems. By connecting Geiger counters to daily appliances and letting radiation interfere with their behavior, the appliances themselves will become a representation of the radiation’s characteristics.
Currently this project has three pieces of works. The first work is called “existence”. It may seem as though an ordinary light bulb is illuminating the area. However every time radiation is detected the light suddenly blinks. By having it control light, this work urges us to recognize the existence of radiation. The second work is named “spread”. A camera is controlled by the Geiger counter and the camera releases the shutter whenever the Geiger counter detects radiation. Thus, these photographs are taken not by anyone’s will but by an environmental factor. We have made 5fps time-lapse movies by arranging these photographs. The more frequent radiation is detected, the smoother the movie will be. By seeing these movies, we can notice the subtle differences of the amount of radiation between each locations. The third

########
Rank: 25
Score: 38.106644
Retrieved Text: ☮ I am from a very long line of Quakers (named for Leuren DeCouer, a French Huguenot who came to the US 200 years ago) and I am extremely opposed to war, but it has been a long process to understand the underlying issues of war. Especially, now that I have worked in two nuclear weapons labs, and also understand that war benefits a very few and makes them tremendously wealthy at the high cost of the many and destruction of the environment. War is obsolete. We can no longer afford to waste natural resources, economic wealth, and globally harm the health of the environment and global public health for the purposes of needless war. We need to live with less so that others can live - and I mean all forms of life.
Leuren Moret was an expert witness at the International Criminal Tribunal For Afghanistan at Tokyo. She is an independent scientist and international expert on radiation and public health issues. She is on the organizing committee of the World Committee on Radiation Risk, an organization of independent radiation specialists, including members of the Radiation Committee in the EU parliament, the European Committee on Radiation Risk and she is an environmental commissioner for the City of Berkeley.
Ms. Moret earned her BS in geology at U.C. Davis in 1968 and her MA in Near Eastern studies from U.C. Berkeley in 1978. She has completed all but her dissertation for a PhD in the geosciences at U.C. Davis. She has traveled and conducted scientific research in 42

########
Rank: 26
Score: 37.94531
Retrieved Text: GAIN (MULTIPLIER TUBE) Ratio of output to input electrical power. NM.
GAMMA CASCADE Two or more different gamma rays emitted successively, that is, in coincidence , as a single nucleus passes through one or more energy levels.
GAMMA QUANTUM A photon , a single unit of electromagnetic radiation , usually nuclear in origin.
GAMMA RADIATION Electromagnetic radiation emitted in the process of nuclear transformation or particle annihilation.
GAMMA RADIATION, CAPTURE See capture gamma radiation.
GAMMA-RAY SPECTROMETER A system for determining the energy spectrum of gamma rays.
GAMMA-RAY SPECTROMETER, ANTI-COMPTON A gamma-ray spectrometer in which the effect of the Compton scattering is at least partly compensated by an anticoincidence requirement on the full energy peak.
GAMMA-RAY SPECTRUM A spectrum of photon radiation.
GAMOW BARRIER The potential barrier which retards the escape of alpha-particles from the nucleus. M.
GAS JET A gas transport system using a stream of helium gas to thermalize and very rapidly transport recoil products from nuclear reactions to a collector and detection apparatus.
GAS-FLOW COUNTER A proportional counter tube in which the gas between the cathode and anode is constantly, but slowly, replenished through flow.
GAS-TRANSPORT SYSTEM See gas jet.
GEIGER-M?LLER COUNTER TUBE See counter tube, Geiger-M¸ller.
GEIGER-M?LLER REGION The range of operating voltage of a counter tube in which each ionizing event gives rise to an output pulse having an amplitude independent of the number of ions initially produced in the sensitive volume by that ionizing event.
GEIGER-M?LLER THRESHOLD The minimum voltage necessary for a counter tube to operate in the Geiger-M¸ller region.
GENETIC RELATION A reference to the connection between two nuclides which are members of the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 37.92854
Retrieved Text: The last class for this course was originally scheduled for 3 weeks ago but my household got a nasty bug and we had to cancel twice. For this class students gave short presentations (5-10 minutes) explaining how something works. Some of the topics were Uranium glass, how synthesizers work, laser removal of tattoos, and the physics of fouette turns (ballet). I passed out smarties candy to students who asked good questions at the end of each presentation.
I’m not sure I would use the same book, How Things Work the Physics of Everyday Life, again. I just didn’t enjoy it very much, and not sure it was a good choice for 9th-10th grade.
This summer, I’m going to try to write up a list of labs and supplies for a family to do high school physic at home without having to purchase a lot of equipment.
I actually managed to borrow a geiger counter for class, along with a few dishes from the 1930s that are slightly radioactive. I also have a small sample of uraninite that was purchased at a rock and gem show. Students used the geiger counter to measure the radiation in counts per minute (cpm) as a function of distance from the sample. The cpm drops very quickly which shows the radiation exposure will depend very strongly on the distance from the source. I gave a slideshow at the beginning of class explaining how different types of reactors work and how we measure radiation doses and how different doses compare with this chart on wikimedia

########
Rank: 28
Score: 37.810135
Retrieved Text: URANIUM MINING THREATS AND TRANSPORT ISSUES PANEL by LEONA MORGAN AT DINE’ CITIZENS AGAINST RUINING OUR ENVIRONEMTN 30TH ANNIVERSARY AT DILCON, ARIZ., SOUTHWEST FAIRGROUNDS.
LEONA MORGAN Brought uranium transportation through Navajo reservation and went to Navajo Department of Justice, where we were told that our of their jurisdiction so a non-issue. Disappointed. Decided to go out and inform communities. Chapters passesd resolutions. Flagstaff found out transportation route was mile through Flagstaff. City officials wanted to stop but federal government owns uranium and has jurisdiction over highways.
Few weeks, Energy Fuels which would have been transportation uranium, pulled most of its mine workers Energy Fuels then said would take other route south but need approval of right of way thru Babbit Ranches, which hasn’t happened. And the uranium they were transporting also includes uranium waste.
The next step is Radiation Uranium Monitoring training, which provides tools to communities to find out radiation levels. Scheduled training and free. Have Geiger counters.
Mt. Taylor wants to go beyond mining uranium ore. They want to produce yellow cake.
The biggest fight involved in. We call Centralized Interim STorage. And federal government created law for uranium waste and store at Yucca Mountain, which Nevada opposed. Western Shoshone are most uranium bombed Native Nation in US So they want to bring all waste to New Mexico at two interim consolidated storage sites. One proposed by Holtec and Eddy-Lea Energy Alliance is to build a high level radioactive waste dump about halfway between Carlsbad and Hobbs and less than 15 miles north of the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant

########
Rank: 29
Score: 37.502495
Retrieved Text: Features High Sensitive Geiger Muller Tube Readings in just 1 Second Continuo..
Second Generation of SOEKS 01M (2014). Radiation Detector Geiger counter Dosimete..
New Model 2013! NOW AVAILABLE! IN STOCK! Dosimeter “Defender” – Geiger Meter ..
Ecotester SOEKS 2 in1: NITRATE TESTER and RADIATION DETECTOR The Ecotester ..
SOEKS Ecovisor F4 SOEKS Ecovisor F4 is a real home-based laboratory combining 4 fu..
New Model 2012! NOW AVAILABLE! IN STOCK! Measures EMF Radiation at home and o..
NITRATE TESTER SOEKS is the winner of the International Competition “Best Product – 200..
Newest 2014 Model SOEKS Radiation Detector Geiger Counter Dosimeter Quantum! Profession..
Latest Version 2013 1.2L! English, German, French Languages. Radioactivity indica..

================



======= Instance Index 33 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are higher or lower ):

For a given medium, sound waves travel more slowly at lower temperatures.


John was watching the sound waves in his electronic monitor when he noticed something. The speed of the sound waves was slower when the temperature was higher or lower?

Target Text: lower

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 48.30898
Retrieved Text: Have you ever stood along side a road while a car passed by with its horn blowing? If so, you probably noticed that the pitch of the sound was higher when the car was approaching than after it passed. This is called the Doppler effect.
Go out in the country with someone who can drive a car. Take along a battery-operated tape recorder. If you have a pair of walkie-talkies, take them along too.
Find a long, straight road where there are no houses or other cars. Find a place where you can safely sit or stand off to the side of the road with the tape recorder.
Have the driver drive past you three times, once at 20, once at 30, and once at 40 miles per hour. Each time have the driver blow the horn for a few seconds as the car passes. Your job is to start and stop the tape recorder at the right times to record the sounds. You can also record on the tape in your own voice what’s happening. Also make a recording of what the horn sounds like when the car is not moving. Have the driver drive past without telling you the speed. Can you estimate the speed from the pitch of the sound?
The Doppler effect occurs for all kinds of waves. It happens when either the source of the waves or the receiver of the waves is moving. The picture shows that the sound waves get compressed as the car moves toward you, creating a higher pitch sound. As

########
Rank: 1
Score: 47.325512
Retrieved Text: longitudinal waves of mechanical energy that transmit the vibrations interpreted as sound.
When he left the Navy, Cassone began a 10-year experiment with sound waves in his home garage, tweaking the frequency, time and exposure, Soriano said.
In a second demonstration, the technique was used to focus sound waves into several 'hot spots' - or loud spots--of sound, around a foot from the device.
The sound waves pass through less dense (or fluid filled) structures such as the bladder or the fluid around a foetus and this appears black on the monitor.
Initially, those sound waves rushed about in the plasma-filled universe.
Because of this, we think a single sound wave could be used to "sing" to large numbers of nanowires simultaneously, enabling us to move a lot of data using very little power.
For examples, sound waves could maneuver a drug capsule through soft tissue.
Computer simulations confirm that a network of hundreds of centimeter-wide spinning rods would confine audible sound waves to a narrow one-way path along the material's boundary.
The device creates a sound wave which pushes abnormal tumour cells to one side, away from white blood cells.
But a pioneering device uses sound waves to spot the difference between tumour cells and white blood cells.
We've found thin film liquid either flows towards or away from high-frequency sound waves, depending on its thickness.
Sound Waves 2014, featuring Texas, All Saints and Gabrielle, will be held at Bents Park, South Shields, on Saturday, August 23.
Scottish super group Texas, chart topping girl group All Saints and singer songwriter Gabrielle are among the names confirmed to

########
Rank: 2
Score: 46.330013
Retrieved Text: How do sound waves move?
(Mastery) What types of sound waves do I use?
What types of sound waves are there?
(Understanding) How do sound waves work in music?
Create a diagram that shows sound waves and label their parts.
Show how different sounds are used by humans.
Create a diagram that compares or contrasts different types of musical instruments.
Show how different combinations of sound waves can travel through different media.
Sound is a disturbance that travels through a medium as a longitudinal wave. Sound begins with a vibration.
Sound waves can travel in solids, liquids and gasses.
Sound waves spread out and can diffract or bend around objects.
The loudness of a sound depends on the amplitude or energy of its wave.
Intensity is the measure of the energy of a sound wave over an area.
The unit of loudness is the decibel dB.
Distance can make sounds less loud.
As sound waves spread out, they have less energy per unit of area, so they sound softer.
The pitch of a sound depends on its frequency.
The unit of frequency is the Hertz or Hz.
Humans can ususally hear from 20Hz to 20,000 Hz.
The speed of sound is different in different materials.
Sound generally goes slower in gasses and faster in solids.
Speed can change with elasticity, density, and temperature.
A sonic boom is when something goes faster than mach 1, the speed of sound.
Doppler effect moving sound sources can make frequencies appear higher or lower by compressing or spreading out waves.
Robert Moog manufactured early synthesizers by creating sound modules that could generate or change sound waves.
Synthesizers are musical instruments that simulate or create the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 45.243206
Retrieved Text: True to his slogan «break the rules!» Mindsurfer gives credit to his name. As live-act and DJ, the web master and producer from Sinsonic Records likes to experiment with the unconventional and sets himself and to his music no boundaries.Roger Gnos is riding the waves of electronic sound since 2005 with his project Mindsurfer. Inspired by Pink Floyd, Depeche Mode, Yello and many others he often works with analogue synthesizers. His wide horizon makes itself noticed trough diversity. In the genres of Progressive Trance, House, Psytrance and Minimal he plays wit h expect at ions and boldly combines what usually does not work together. Melodic and harmonic parts combined with dirty basslines represent his sound. These are fresh tracks with high demands.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 44.829117
Retrieved Text: Let’s start with a recap from my last post.
Acoustical analysis is the study, and subsequent control and abatement, of disruptive or destructive noise in a closed fluid system.
In the previous post, I discussed what Acoustical Analysis is and gave some of the why for the above statement.
Where does the noise come from, and why should I care?
I can remember sitting at my favorite coffee shop getting ready to start writing another blog post and then wondering why the guy next to me is yelling into his phone or why the person a few tables over is watching cat videos without headphones. Both are equally annoying, but calling them destructive seems like an overreaction to a scenario that I can easily remedy by leaving or putting on my own headphones.
Noise = unwanted sound judged to be unpleasant, loud, or disruptive to hearing.
From a physics standpoint, noise is indistinguishable from sound. Both are pressure waves traveling through a medium. For most people, the medium they think of is the air around us. These pressure waves (sounds) are traveling from a source, such as a loud speak, thru the medium then impacting on something that can detect them like our ears. The medium could also be a solid or liquid flowing through a piping system.
Again from a physics standpoint sound is neither good nor bad. The transition from pressure waves being noticed simply as sounds to something defined as noise is context dependent. One person’s Mozart is another person’s nails on a chalk board.
But we still have not gotten

########
Rank: 5
Score: 43.571785
Retrieved Text: Dean Lewis was on a plane when he heard a phrase that struck him like a bolt of lightning.
For Lewis, the title encapsulates the bittersweet memories of past relationships. “All the songs were written through relationships I’d been in and houses I used to live in and hotel rooms,” he explains.
That mood resonates through the title-track, a song of hope and heartbreak built around Lewis’s passionate voice, deeply personal storytelling and his familiar, raw brand of acoustic songwriting. He penned it about the seismic change in his life brought on by the success of 2016 debut single “Waves”, after which the songwriter found himself traveling the globe and living out of hotel rooms, to the detriment of his relationship at the time. “There’s a line in the song that says, ‘Your heart is my home’, and that was a line that this girlfriend of mine had told me, and it’s basically written about her,” offers Lewis.
“Be Alright” – the devastating song of romantic betrayal that became his first Top 40 hit in America – is indicative of the honesty with which Lewis addresses those bittersweet memories that inform the album’s title.
Lewis – a 6-foot-2 ball of energy with surfers’ locks and a brain that moves so fast he has to speak at the speed of sound just to try and keep up – got his start writing songs for other artists following a chance meeting with a publisher who once managed Savage Garden. Before long, however, he became dissatisfied watching others perform his material.
A trip to

########
Rank: 6
Score: 43.45733
Retrieved Text: Patent Claims: 1. An apparatus, comprising: a medicament delivery device including a housing, a medicament container, and a medicament delivery member, the medicament container disposed within the housing, at least a portion of the medicament delivery member disposed within the housing; and an electronic circuit system coupled to the housing, the electronic circuit system including an audible output device and a cover, a first portion of the audible output device configured to produce a first plurality of sound waves, a second portion of the audible output device configured to produce a second plurality of sound waves having a phase difference with the first plurality of sound waves, the housing and the cover collectively defining an acoustic enclosure, at least one of the housing or the cover defining a first opening, at least one of the housing or the cover defining a second opening, the audible output device configured to be disposed within the acoustic enclosure such that the first plurality of sound waves travels from the first portion of the audible output device to a region outside of the housing via the first opening and the second plurality of sound waves travels from the second portion of the audible output device to the region outside of the housing via the second opening, the second opening spaced apart from the first opening such that the phase difference between the first plurality of sound waves and the second plurality of sound waves is shifted when the first plurality of sound waves exits the first opening and the second

########
Rank: 7
Score: 43.394653
Retrieved Text: Scientists at Stanford may have found a way to build a better warning system for tsunamis. The key is listening, for the earthquake's sonic signature.
When earthquakes rumble below the ocean floor, they can trigger the big killer waves we call tsunamis. But they also make sound waves. And those race ahead at ten times the speed of the ocean waves.
"These sound waves are very sensitive to vertical sea floor uplift, exactly the same thing that's exciting the tsunamis," says Eric Dunham, the Stanford geophysicist whose team at Stanford stumbled on that connection when they were modeling the 2011 tsunami that claimed more than 15,000 lives in Japan.
"When making plots of that, we just saw incredibly huge-amplitude sound waves, which is not something we were really expecting, Dunham told me in a phone interview. "It is," he added, "something that's obvious in retrospect."
Those sound waves are the sonic signature that, if captured in real time, could give scientists a critical piece of information that's been missing: the height of the waves likely to make landfall. Current systems can estimate the magnitude of an undersea quake, but not whether the slip of the fault occurred far beneath the ocean floor, or close to it. And that's important.
"Shallow slip is what causes sea floor uplift and hence, large tsunamis."
"Shallow slip is what causes sea floor uplift and hence, large tsunamis," explains Dunham.
Dunham says that knowing the sonic signature in real time could have signalled to people in Japan the enormity of the waves heading for them 10 or 15

########
Rank: 8
Score: 43.238445
Retrieved Text: Pilot Felix Baumgartner of Austria jumps out of the capsule during the final manned flight for Red Bull Stratos in Roswell, New Mexico, USA on October 14, 2012. Credit: Red Bull Stratos.
Daredevil Felix Baumgartner broke the sound barrier today during a skydive from the stratosphere, from approximately 38.5 km (128,000 ft, 24.24 miles) above the Earth’s surface. Baumgartner reached Mach 1.24 or 1,342 km/h (833.9 miles per hour), going faster than the speed of sound. Here is a gallery of official images and video from Red Bull Stratos. You can find out more in our full article which provides all the details.
The crane that holds the capsule as the balloon ascends. Credit: Red Bull Stratos.
The crane follows the balloon with the capsule at the flight line during the launch of Baumgartner’s flight. Credit: Red Bull Stratos.
Baumgartner seen on a screen at mission control center while he is still inside the capsule, while he talks to Joe Kittinger (back of his head is visible). Kittinger previously held the record for longest and fastest freefall before Baumgartner’s jump today. Credit: Red Bull Stratos.
Screens at the mission control shows Felix Baumgartner of Austria as he jumps from the capsule. Credit: Red Bull Stratos.
The view from a camera inside the capsule as Baumgartner jumps. Credit: Red Bull Stratos.
Baumgartner moves from his seat to the ledge outside the capsule. Credit: Red Bull Stratos.
Baumgartner floats down to Earth on a parachute. Credit: Red Bull Stratos.
Just before Baumgartner lands. Credit: Red Bull Stratos.
Baumgartner lands on his feet and celebrates. Credit: Red Bull Stratos.
Baumgartner

########
Rank: 9
Score: 43.090492
Retrieved Text: Ken leaned in closer to Laura. He breathed in the scent, a combination of the ocean air and her hair. He had always loved the smell of her hair.
She leaned back into him, still watching the ocean churn. He wrapped his arms around her and rested his head on her shoulder. It had been a while since they had enjoyed a quiet moment together like this.
The swoosh of the ocean was the only sound they could hear. The stars shone overhead. The moon glistened on the waves.
“Why don’t we get married on the beach?” Ken finally broke the silence.
Did she just laugh? He had always loved to hear her laugh. But why wasn’t she responding?
Ken paused for a few moments. Was she thinking about it? Was she ignoring him?
Ken stopped talking again to hear only the swoosh of the waves. If he listened carefully he could hear her breathe beneath the sound of the ocean. He loved to hear that sound, especially when she slept. Even with these sounds, though, her silence perplexed him.
“And there’s the fact that we’re already married,” Laura finally interjected into the conversation.
Ken smiled at the sound. She had finally responded. He had always loved the sound of her voice.
What a romantic Ken is! There is something special about the beach and the one you love.
That felt like a conversation I’d have with my wife. Way to capture that genuine feeling.
I was worried for him. Sweet ending though.
A great romantic idea. Lots of wonderfully warm mushy feelings.
aw thats soooo sweet! lovely story!
Delightful!

########
Rank: 10
Score: 42.4791
Retrieved Text: In the movie The Sorcerer's Apprentice the main character Dave is a "science nerd", which he is proud of. Very proud. He careated a device that when sparks fly out of a tower, music is created. At one point he even makes it so it plays a song by One Republic. He says it's because the speed at which the spark travels and hits another metal object and the amount of the coils around the tower creates the noise. This noise is also known as sound waves. This is one case where the movie is right in a way, usually movies aren't correct in their information. The coils he made are called solenoids, wires wrapped around an object, also the amount of coils and the thickness can effect the outcome of the sound wave.
Sound waves have amplitudes and frequecnys like all other waves. But by changing the amplitude or frequency you can change the sound wave therefore change how it sounds. In the movie Dave does this by pushing a few buttons. In reality you can't change all of this by a push of a button that controls all 5 of his towers. You can't chagne everything by a push of a button, you need to change the actual medium of the wave which is where the movie falls short in what really happens. Also when he's in his metal cage hes holding on to a metal bar and becoming an actual conductor. But, what they dont show is him letting go because if he did

########
Rank: 11
Score: 42.47576
Retrieved Text: On a Saturday morning there was a man named Tom who lived in New Zealand. It was a very hot day so Tom decided to go kayaking. Tom packed his stuff and drove away in his car.
When he got to the beach parked his car and he stood in the sand and checked whether or not the sea was calm. He was still standing there and he suddenly saw something black and it was moving inside the water, he then ran to his car , got his stuff and prepared to go into the water. When he went into the water he noticed it was already neck deep.
He paddled toward to the black thing that he saw earlier on. When he got closer to the black thing it disappeared deeper into the sea. As Tom was paddling he saw the black thing coming fast as it came closer Tom began to notice that it was a big shark, he slowly turned around his kayak so that he was facing the shore. While Tom was watching the Shark he notice big waves started to come in. Tom did not want to paddle because if the Shark saw him the Shark would try to chase him. As the waves were coming Tom saw that the waves were moving him closer to the shore, Tom was happy. As the Kayak was moving closer to safety Tom turned back to see where the Shark was, Tom saw the Shark right behind him.
Tom was very scared because the Shark came closer

########
Rank: 12
Score: 42.33388
Retrieved Text: Download article (PDF, 185 kb, ZIP), use browser command "Save Target As..."
It is very important to explore the compound effect of heterogeneous environmental factors for improving the quality of living environment with popularization of electronic and/or information equipments. First, for an objective evaluation, three kinds of environmental factors: sound, illuminance and electromagnetic field of video (or visual) display terminal (VDT) are focused, especially from a stochastic viewpoint. From this experiment, some mutual correlation between sound and illuminance in peripheral environment of VDT was found. And also, another mutual correlation between electromagnetic field and illuminance environment of VDT was obtained. Secondly, for a subjective evaluation, three kinds of environmental factors: sound, temperature and illuminance are especially focused. If an optimum relationship among these environmental factors can be found, it seems that some improvements of our living environment can be discussed from psychological and/or stochastic viewpoint. From these studies, subjective and objective evaluation methods for room environmental factors will be considered.
Сitation: Hitoshi Ogawa, Mitsuo Ohta, Hirofumi Iwashige. Some objective and subjective evaluation methods for room sound, illuminance, temperature and electromagnetic environment. Electronic Journal “Technical Acoustics”, http://www.ejta.org, 2005, 22.
1. Ohta, M., Ikuta, A., Ogawa, H. Mutual relation characteristics among light, sound and electromagnetic waves leaked from the actual working VDT. Introduction of a system model with nonlinear discrete regression type. J. Acoust. Soc. Japan, 1997, 53(10), 807–810.
2. Ikuta, A., Ohta, M., Ogawa, H. Various regression characteristics with higher order among light, sound and electromagnetic waves leaked from a VDT. A measurement and signal processing in the actual working environment.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 42.32307
Retrieved Text: Acoustic Vision explores the physical form of sound, through the acoustic art installation “Omnia” and a multidisciplinary symposium.
The initiative emerges from 20 years of applied research and practice in the field by Francesco Pellisari, who has dedicated his life to capturing the shape of sound, creating a series of acoustic sculptures that are, today, sought-after by collectors.
At the centre of the Symposium debate are the attributes of natural sound: a sound in which coherent waves, such as the unidirectional waves emitted by mass-produced electronic devices, do not exist.
The waves of natural sound are, instead, omni-directional, perfectly echoing nature.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 42.283596
Retrieved Text: Alvin Lucier was born in 1931 in Nashua, New Hampshire. He was educated in Nashua public and parochial schools, the Portsmouth Abbey School, Yale, and Brandeis and spent two years in Rome on a Fulbright Scholarship. From 1962 to 1970 he taught at Brandeis, where he conducted the Brandeis University Chamber Chorus which devoted much of its time to the performance of new music. Since 1970 he has taught at Wesleyan University where he is John Spencer Camp Professor of Music. Lucier has pioneered in many areas of music composition and performance, including the notation of performers' physical gestures, the use of brain waves in live performance, the generation of visual imagery by sound in vibrating media, and the evocation of room acoustics for musical purposes. His recent works include a series of sound installations and works for solo instruments, chamber ensembles, and orchestra in which, by means of close tunings with pure tones, sound waves are caused to spin through space.
In March 1995, REFLECTIONS/REFLEXIONEN, a bi-lingual edition of Lucier's scores, interviews and writings was published by MusikTexte, Koln.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 42.275238
Retrieved Text: What Does Sound Look Like? A clever photography trick allows you to see the invisible: the rising heat from a lighter, the turbulence around airplane wings, the plume of a sneeze ... and even sound waves.
When light passes between areas of different air density, it bends. You've probably noticed the way distant pavement seems to shimmer on a hot day, or the way stars appear to twinkle. You're seeing light that has been distorted as it passes through varying air densities, which are in turn created by varying temperatures and pressures.
In the mid-19th century, German physicist August Toepler invented a photography technique called Schlieren Flow Visualization to visually capture these changes in density. The setup is a bit hard to explain in words (watch the video above for a full explanation) but it allows scientists and engineers to see things that are normally invisible: the rising heat from a candle, the turbulence around an airplane wing, the plume of a sneeze.
It can also be used to see sound. Sound, after all, is just another change in air density — a traveling compression wave. A speaker pushes on the surrounding air, creating a wave that travels outward until it encounters the ear drum.
As a result, Schlieren Flow Visualization can be used to see sound as well. Sound waves travel extremely fast (761.2 miles per hour) so a high-speed camera is needed to see the waves' passage.
Michael Hargather, a professor of mechanical engineering at New Mexico Tech, uses just this approach to study the shock wave caused by

########
Rank: 16
Score: 42.1182
Retrieved Text: Learning electronic music has been a more complex task than initially planned. I’ve been playing around with few toys like Nord Micro Modular, microKORG, KP3, TENORI-ON and Dark Energy. Although my main synth is a virtual modular synth, there were still the basics of sound that I couldn’t grasp.
So I started to learn to program audio (i.e. enter codes to make sounds), in order to understand the mechanics of sound. I experimented with Pure Data, SuperCollider and Processing, but the task hasn’t been really simple. Many of the books written about programming, from LoadBang: Programming electronic music using Pure Data to The Theory and Technique of Electronic Music, weren’t meant for a newbie like me.
I recently started reading Dance Music Manual: Tools, Toys and Techniques and although the title was a bit uncharming, it has been quite a good resource with a really basic introduction to synthesized music. In the last 3 weeks I started programming with the Beads library in Processing and that helped me learn about the basics of audio synthesis. Instead of reading about it, I could play with the basic elements of synthesis and hear the result. I am only at the first step but I wanted to share my process of learning to program electronic music.
My first experiment was with plo, which was a bit too advanced for my skill set. Since then, I have updated from the first version so it plays a little better, but I need to sharpen my skills before having something functional and enjoyable. In the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 42.066223
Retrieved Text: By Orrin E. Dunlap, Jr.
A tall, lean inventor in a cutaway walked into his skyscraper parlor thirty-three floors 'above the sidewalks of New York, laid his black derby on the table, opened the window and then was ready to talk about radio's past, present and future. He was Nikola Tesla, the inventor whose discovery of the rotary magnetic field made possible the alternating current motor. He described a system of wireless transmission of energy in 1892.
Seven milestones beyond three-score and ten, this electrical wizard, who came to America in 1884, looked back across the years, recalled where theorists often chose wrong paths at the crossroads of science and then turned his thoughts to the future in which television lurks.
"There is something frightening about the universe when we consider that only our senses of sound and sight make it beautiful," said Mr. Tesla as his furrowed brow indicated he is puzzled with its destiny. "Just think, the universe is darker than the darkest ink; colder than the coldest ice and more silent than a silent tomb with all the bodies rushing through it at terrific speeds. What an awe-inspiring picture, isn't it? Yet it is our brain that gives merely a physical impression. Sight and sound are the only avenues through which we can perceive it all. Often I have wondered if there is a third sense which we have failed to discover. I'm afraid not," he said after some hesitation in thought.
Looking back to the mauve decade, to the turn of the century when the world

########
Rank: 18
Score: 41.993706
Retrieved Text: Like light, sound travels through the air in waves, but unlike light, sound is not made of lots of tiny particles.
When something makes a sound, like you clapping your hands, it’s because when you clapped your hands that shook the air molecules around your hands and made them vibrate (that means they shake quickly back and forth).
This vibration, in turn, shook the air molecules a little further away from your hands, and they shook the air molecules next to them, and so on, until the air molecules inside your ear were vibrating too (and inside the ears of the people sitting near you too).
When the air molecules inside your ear begin to shake, they wobble tiny hairs inside your ear that are connected to nerves under your skin. If your ears are working, these nerves then send messages to your brain to tell you that you heard a noise.
Because sound has to move molecules in order to travel, it’s impossible for sound to move through space, where there are very few molecules. Space is a very quiet place.
But sound doesn’t have to move through air – it can just as easily move through water, or through metal wires. In fact, sound moves faster through water than it does through air.
But whether in air or in water, sound moves much more slowly than light does.
While light travels at 186,000 miles per second, sound only goes 343 metres per second, or about 770 miles per hour.
A fast airplane can go faster than the speed of sound. Because of

########
Rank: 19
Score: 41.776047
Retrieved Text: lookang thanks all of them (Fu-Kwun Hwang, Juan M. Aguirregabiria and Andrew Duffy) these are great physics teachers.
The Doppler effect describes the shift in frequency of a wave that is produced by the motion of either the wave source or the observer of the wave (or both).
A sound source is moving with velocity v along the horizontal axis. Every period T a wave front leaves the source and travels with velocity c with respect to a medium (say air), assuming no air motion. A detector is located at position (x, y) and may move with velocity (dx/dt, dy/dt). To promote ease of learning, only the x direction is enabled, thus, making exploration confined to 1 Dimension.
You may change via sliders and edit the values of the aforementioned quantities, as well as the time interval dt between animation frames.
The source and detector position may also be chosen by means of the sliders.
Press Initial to set t = 0 and the source at its initial position.
Press Continue to start or continue the animation.
Press Stop to pause the animation, and Reset to recover the default settings.
In the graphics window below the animation a vertical red (green) bar is displayed each time a wave front leaves the source (reaches the detector).
Note that the velocities are specified in terms of the wave velocity, where positive is directed right. Thus, a source speed of 1 means that the observer moves at the speed of the waves.
2 Now, keep the source at rest, and give the observer an initial velocity. Explore how the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 41.698307
Retrieved Text: The night got darker and darker. And in the harbor of Bellowing Waves Island, it was calm and tranquil even though it was filled with different sized boats. Among them, the most conspicuous were naturally those roughly 300 armored warships. This was the main force of Qing Tianhou’s army. Allegedly, each one of those armored warships was forged using more than ten thousand jin refined iron, in addition, Qing Tianhou had personally made a move to seize the iron ores and was also involved in their creation, consuming a large amount of manpower and materials.
Under the dim light of night, the soldiers who rarely had a chance to get together were partying throughout the night, but, there were still who stood fast at their post, merely, there were not many of them.
Some soldiers who had jumped into the sea to swim after having drunk and eaten to their heart’s content were the first people to discover the unusualness. After swimming for a bit, these few soldiers noticed strange waves on the sea surface. These waves weren’t high, but they came rapidly and they weren’t smooth. Those soldiers who were fooling around in the sea didn’t understand what was going on with this situation. It didn’t resemble a tidal wave and also didn’t resemble the storm, instead was somewhat similar to the ripples before an earthquake.
Immediately after these soldiers, a guard who was standing on the mast also noticed the unusualness. Due to the darkness, he couldn’t see anything in the distance, but he vaguely heard strange

########
Rank: 21
Score: 41.669895
Retrieved Text: An overview of the essentials of fetal Doppler is provided, including basic Doppler concepts, spectral waveform analysis, and assessment of the fetal circulation, including the umbilical, uterine, middle cerebral artery, and the ductus venosus.It will then increase by about 3 beats per minute per day during that first month.Fetal heart rate assessment Description This noninvasive method of obtaining fetal heart rate (FHR) involves the use of a Doppler ultrasound device or fetoscope.
Pocket Fetal Doppler Baby Heart Beat Rate Monitor FHR LCD Probe Pregnancy Fetus.The advanced ultrasound technology built into our Home Fetal.When movement is detected, the waves bounce back, creating a pattern, which the fetal Doppler records and plays back for you. Our Fetal Heart Monitors are simply the best way to gain the assurance and peace of mind every pregnant women desires, especially during a high-risk pregnancy.An estimation of the FHR is obtained by evaluating the autocorrelation function of the Doppler signals for ill and healthy foetuses.A fetal Doppler is a non-invasive monitoring device used to measure the fetal heart rate of babies, before delivery.
Ultrasound doppler equipment has been used in human medicine for over 20 years to confirm pregnancy and document the ongoing development and well-being of the fetus.
Its not a necessity yet, but not a luxury either-most modern parents possess one and we highly recommend it.Displays Fetal Heart Rate On LCD display with back light, High sensitive doppler probe, Crystal clear sound, real-time FHR display mode 10-12 weeks of pregnancy Not Compatible with other device.Middle cerebral artery Doppler velocimetry should be considered an

########
Rank: 22
Score: 41.61895
Retrieved Text: Search for Sound waves at Zoo.com Now!
Search for Sound Waves. Browse & Discover Useful Results!
What Are the Characteristics of Sound Waves? The most basic characteristics of a sound wave are pitch, loudness and tone. A sound wave's frequency is experienced as the wave's pitch. The amplitude determines loudness or volume. The tone of a sound wave can be recognized by the regularity of its vibration.
In physics, sound is a vibration that typically propagates as an audible wave of pressure, through a transmission medium such as a gas, liquid or solid.. In human physiology and psychology, sound is the reception of such waves and their perception by the brain. Humans can only hear sound waves as distinct pitches when the frequency lies between about 20 Hz and 20 kHz.
1) What are three characteristics of sound waves? 2)How do sound waves during a sonic boom compare with sound waves traveling at a slower speed? 3) List three noises in order of increasing intensity.
3. Characteristics of Sound. A sound can be characterized by the following three quantities: (i) Pitch. (ii) Quality. (iii) Loudness. Pitch is the frequency of a sound as perceived by human ear. A high frequency gives rise to a high pitch note and a low frequency produces a low pitch note.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 41.61603
Retrieved Text: Anyone who watched Austrian skydiver Felix Baumgartner's amazing 24-mile descent from the stratosphere to a perfect upright parachute landing in the New Mexico desert knows they were witnessing history in the making. During his four-minute 19-second freefall, Baumgartner reached speeds of 833 miles per hour—Mach 1.24—breaking the sound barrier, the first time a human has done so without being strapped into a vehicle of some kind.
Those old enough to remember might reminisce about Chuck Yeager, the famous test pilot who first broke the sound barrier in an experimental Bell X-1 jet in 1947. Those a bit younger may remember seeing Yeager's feats chronicled in the 1983 movie "The Right Stuff" (based on Tom Wolfe's book), about the Mercury 7 astronauts in the early days of manned space flight.
Interestingly, Baumgartner's jump, which was delayed twice, was evenutally performed on October 14th, 65 years to the day after Yeager broke the sound barrier over the Mojave Desert. In a nod to a new era of technology, whereas Yeager's accomplishment was witnessed by only a few, Baumgartner's feat was viewed in real time by millions via YouTube and other live streaming services.
While there are claims that the sound barrier was first broken during World War II in the Messerschmitt Me 262, such claims are considered unofficial. After Yaeger's plane, which he named "Glamorous Glennis" after his wife, was dropped from the bay of a B-29 bomber, Yaeger achieved Mach 1.06—700 miles per hour—at 43,000 feet.
The speed of sound is named for Ernst Mach (1838 — 1916), an Austrian physicist

########
Rank: 24
Score: 41.485928
Retrieved Text: The breakthrough material reduces a noise level by 100% more efficient comparing to standard analogs, cutting the level of noise transmission by 20-22 dB. The new foam reacts to sound waves not only of high but also of low frequencies, which can damage human health. A young scientist from the Far Eastern Federal University (FEFU) took part in the development.
Alexey Zavjalov, postdoc, researcher at the Academic Department of Nuclear Technologies School of Natural Science, FEFU, worked as a part of the international team of Russian and South Korean scientists under professor S.P. Bardakhanov. Alexey’s research performance led to the creation of nanofoam – the new noise-absorbing composite material. The results of the work are published in ‘Applied Acoustics’.
‘The problem of noise is the problem of modern technogenic civilization. In South Korea, cities are equipped with round-the-clock working stationary and mobile networks for noise levels monitoring. The urbanization level of such territorially small countries as South Korea is much higher than in Russia. However, in our country this problem is still crucial for big cities,’ – explained Alexey Zavjalov. – ‘The development of new noise-absorbing materials is especially interesting for the automotive industry. Modern people spend a lot of time driving cars and the noise level inside the vehicles’ directly determines the quality of life. For East Asian countries, the issue of noise control is relevant for high-speed rail lines.’ Porous materials are excellent sound absorbers but their noise-absorbing properties can be significantly enhanced by nanoporous grit injected into the foam structure and formed internal channels in

########
Rank: 25
Score: 41.278484
Retrieved Text: Like any wave, a sound wave doesn't just stop when it reaches the end of the medium or when it encounters an obstacle in its path. Rather, a sound wave will undergo certain behaviors when it encounters the end of the medium or an obstacle. Possible behaviors include reflection off the obstacle, diffraction around the obstacle, and transmission (accompanied by refraction) into the obstacle or new medium. In this part of Lesson 3, we will investigate behaviors that have already been discussed in a previous unit and apply them towards the reflection, diffraction, and refraction of sound waves.
When a wave reaches the boundary between one medium another medium, a portion of the wave undergoes reflection and a portion of the wave undergoes transmission across the boundary. As discussed in the previous part of Lesson 3, the amount of reflection is dependent upon the dissimilarity of the two media. For this reason, acoustically minded builders of auditoriums and concert halls avoid the use of hard, smooth materials in the construction of their inside halls. A hard material such as concrete is as dissimilar as can be to the air through which the sound moves; subsequently, most of the sound wave is reflected by the walls and little is absorbed. Walls and ceilings of concert halls are made softer materials such as fiberglass and acoustic tiles. These materials are more similar to air than concrete and thus have a greater ability to absorb sound. This gives the room more pleasing acoustic properties.
Reflection of sound waves off of surfaces

########
Rank: 26
Score: 41.21534
Retrieved Text: The Cotopaxi volcano in central Ecuador can be the largest musical instrument on Earth, producing unique sounds that scientists can use to monitor its activity.
Its eruptions in 2015 were relatively minor, but caused an explosion, due to which the bottom of the crater fell out of sight. It was then that Ecuadorian researchers noticed strange sounds coming from the crater. The frequency of sound waves was too low for human hearing, but they were recorded by scientists.
A deep, narrow crater forced the air to reflect off the walls of the crater when the volcano rumbled. This created sound waves similar to those that produce an organ where compressed air is fed through metal pipes. New infrasonic records of the volcano show that after a series of eruptions, its crater changed shape.
According to the authors of the study, a unique “sound imprint” of the volcano can help control its activity and alert scientists about the internal changes that may signal a forthcoming eruption.
“The results obtained show that the geometry of the crater of the volcano has a significant effect on the sounds that it can produce. Knowing how each volcano speaks will make it possible to detect changes in this sound that indicate changes in the crater that require close attention, “said Jeff Johnson, a volcanologist at Boise University in Idaho and author of the new study.
According to Johnson, the ongoing eruption of Kilauea volcano in Hawaii can serve as evidence of how changes in the shape of the crater affect the sounds it produces. The lava

########
Rank: 27
Score: 41.171295
Retrieved Text: Its snowing outside... or it was earlier. I always loved snow. Just not in the mood for it tonight.
Again I try to write something to finish this storyline. I took a step and tried to expand on it further. Ultimate goal is a movie script. Immediate goal is to work on dialogue and try to make it seem more natural and fluid. So here it is.
Grass field filtering out the wind. Waves upon waves for this ocean of greenery. Green, yellows, and browns mixed together until they reach the horizon. Then a mixture of greens and blues as it meets with the sky. A palette for an artist who loves blue and green. Among this field there is a lone red car. The engine is idling and the trunk is open. A young man sitting and holding a guitar while fiddling with the strings. A large speaker sitting on the ground next to him. A few random notes blow through the ocean creating little ripples of its own. A young man lost within his own dream. The guitar lost in its own fantasy as it is brought to life under this man’s fingers. A few minutes pass by as he keeps pulling and pulling from the instrument. Pulling strings to spring forth his reality. Pulling at the strings to pull his emotion from inside and bring it forth and give it life. Failing to achieve either he winds it down and then stops. Looking over to the horizon pondering the events of the day. Then he

########
Rank: 28
Score: 41.157776
Retrieved Text: We hear all kinds of sounds every day — lots of them without even noticing them. But did you ever really think about what sound is, and how we hear it?
Sound is actually a form of energy, like electricity and light. It’s made when molecules vibrate and move in a pattern of waves — sound waves. For example, when you clap your hands, that action produces sound waves. Why? When something moves or vibrates, it disturbs the substance next to it — usually air. The air molecules also vibrate, sending out waves — something like the ripples made when you throw a stone into a pond. Those waves reach our ears, which do their job of receiving and sending the sound to our brain, which then identifies it as handclapping or something else.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 41.1197
Retrieved Text: a repercussion from a startling event or upheaval; series of aftereffects: shock waves from the recent collapse of one of the nation's largest banks.
Tom, meanwhile, plunged back to work on his shock-wave deflector.
Then the sound and the shock-wave of the first blast reached them.
The young inventor sketched out the sort of shock-wave deflector which he had in mind.
Then, after the Sunday midday meal, Tom returned to his laboratory to work on ideas for a shock-wave deflector.
The shock-wave caused by the impact tapped on the yacht's side-planking a few seconds later.
A large-amplitude wave formed by the sudden compression of the medium through which the wave moves. Shock waves can be caused by explosions or by objects moving through a fluid at a speed greater than the speed of sound.

================



======= Instance Index 34 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are decreased or increased ):

More recently, the death rate has fallen because of the availability of more food and medical advances.


When people forgot how to farm the population decreased or increased?

Target Text: decreased

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.92622
Retrieved Text: You couldn’t get a better version of a young Basdeo Panday (sorry Mickela) this week when you heard Mooni talking about ‘Generation Vex’, a slur on Generation Next who is the Panday slate in the upcoming UNC internal elections. Similar to Bas’s penchant of saying ‘corpse’ when referring to the COP, Mooni forgot his party mantra about ‘everyone having the democratic right to seek election into office’ and could only say ‘vex’ and how they have meetings with 10 people under a shed and a few stray dogs.
You see Mooni, unlike many people in Tnt I have a long memory of politics and politicians. And the same way Kamla forgot (or forgave) I didn’t. Your eyes betray the lust you have for power and no matter how much KPB tries to foist you on the population as a ‘future leader and PM’, she must be really confused to think that you ever will… All it does is reinforce the perception that she has bad judgment and makes bad decisions. A recurring theme of this administration. Ever wonder why you never score well in popularity polls Mooni?
So enjoy the next three years as a demigod, as all Ministers of Government do in this hell hole of a country that you and your kind have made it into. Your true calling as Opposition Chief Whip will be here sooner than you think.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.552212
Retrieved Text: This is the time of year when families across the US gather together to give thanks for their blessings and celebrate each other. Over the years, our family has occasionally started out Thanksgiving Dinner with having everyone share something that they are thankful for. Usually it brings about a couple of eye rolls, but everyone begrudgery comes up with something.
In dairy, we spend so much time lately focused on the challenges we face – low milk prices, challenging weather patterns, uncertainty about our future. It’s easy to let our problems overshadow the blessings we do have in our industry. However, I would challenge every one of us who work in dairy to make a list of what you are most grateful for in this industry.
So, what reason do we in dairy have to be thankful right now? There are so many of them. Here are just a few that I came up with.
Our Product. When I was young, everyone knew that milk was nature’s most nearly perfect food. It did not change. It is still the most complete source of nutrients naturally available and one of the most versatile products on the marketplace. Name one other commodity that can be made into as many different products as milk can. I cannot think of any.
A Growing Customer Base. By 2050, the world population is expected to be nearly 10 billion people. The largest growing segment of the population is beyond our US borders, with 90 percent of the mouths we feed outside of the US. As populations

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.535284
Retrieved Text: I'm psyched. The Funky Chicken Coop Tour is today. I hadn't realized how many people here in Austin keep chickens. I plan to keep some out at the land. Now I can see how people with less room than I have manage to keep chickens without annoying their neighbors.
For more info, see http://fccooptour.blogspot.com/.
Suddenly I'm hearing about urban chickens all over the place. I think it's a terroristic plot to place avian flu vectors in high-population areas so that when the time is right, our enemies can unleash the genetically modified virus that will infect domestic fowl and quickly jump to all the annoying neighbors whose roosters wake everyone up way too early. And everyone else too.
Some friends of mine have a small (5 acre) chicken farm specializing in heritage breeds. One's a teacher and the other works at NH cooperative extension so they do a lot of farm education stuff.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.506735
Retrieved Text: Next story Why Shouldn’t We GiveDirectly?
Thank you this was well written !
Wow! This is awesome! I’m not a Christian, but I believe in the teachings of Jesus and in radical empathy. It’s great to see people of all faiths who really GET it!
Thank you. It’s so hard at church potlucks. I always take dishes that are vegan. I can never get how they can turn a blind eye towards supporting farm factories. Once a lot of us went out for pizza and I ordered a veggie pizza (before I gave up dairy) my pizza came first. Everyone wanted a piece which left my daughter and I with one piece. Then all the meat pizza came and sitting there wondering how everyone forgot about what I just shared with them about farm factories.
Sue, I’ve been in your shoes. Keep hope.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.418655
Retrieved Text: Tell us about your agriculture background.
I am the fourth generation on my family’s 500-acre crop and beef farm, which was originally a dairy. Though my family no longer focuses on dairy production, I have always had a dairy background. When I was eight my parents bought me my first Holstein and I was a member of the Cochranton Blue Ribbon 4-H Club for my entire 4-H career. I graduated with a degree in Animal Science from the Pennsylvania State University in 2014 and am currently pursuing a concurrent master’s degree in the Psychology of Leadership and Public Administration.
You spent time as the state's Dairy Princess.
I loved the people! It didn’t matter if it was a resident of Philadelphia or a member of a 4-H club from rural Pennsylvania, I loved hearing people’s stories!
Currently, I work as a legislative aide to a member of the State House. However, I am in transition and will soon be working for the Pennsylvania Republican Party as a Field Organizer for the upcoming election cycle.
Farm Bureau members be more effective in the legislative process?
2) Get to know your legislators.
Any time you call, email, or visit a legislative office, that meeting is recorded so that the legislator can revisit that information at any time. If there is a particularly controversial piece of legislation being voted on, elected officials have the ability to look back at those visits and your opinions to get a better idea of how their constituency feels about that topic. The only way for local, state, and federal elected

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.087515
Retrieved Text: Since 2006, Ross Berry Farm has provided Cherokee county and other neighboring communities with beeswax candles, hand-crafted soaps, and local raw honey. A Labor of Love. We have stuck to the same traditions for over 20 years and look to expand even further to offer more to our sweet buzzing friends.
In 1994 Terry and Jeannie Ross originally started out by growing raspberries. That's how they got the name Ross Berry Farm. But when they found out how quickly raspberries spoil, Terry and Jeannie started looking at other optoions. They ended up in the beekeeping business in the Union Hill community.
Ross Berry Farm And Apiaries Inc was founded in 2010, and is located at 159 Watkins Rd in Canton. It employs 1 employees and is generating approximately $29,000.00 in annual revenue.
Ross Berry Farm, Canton, Georgia. 7 likes · 6 were here. Urban Farm. Jump to. Sections of this page. Accessibility Help. Press alt + / to open this menu. Facebook. Email or Phone: Password: Forgot account? Explore local businesses on Facebook. Sign up for Facebook today to discover local businesses near you.
This web site and its contents are the property of the Georgia Beekeepers Association Inc. unless otherwise noted. Georgia Beekeepers Association is a 501(c)5 non-profit organization.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.985544
Retrieved Text: If you refuse to look at another farm game because it either resembles Farmville or couldn’t match Farmville, you’ll miss out on a fun farm remix about saving the chicken population. AppMania‘s new Farm It! Seasons is unlike any Old McDonald tune you’ve ever sung and it’s worth checking out.
As the heroic head rooster on the farm you’re obliged to solve the chick population problem by giving the hens a little action. To do this you have to tap near the hens and watch as they partake in a short and clever animation session of jump rope or something like it.
Being the man of many hens doesn’t come without its trials though, and keeping the hens laying and happy isn’t any old walk in the park. There’s an elderly brown rooster at your heels and ready to give you a beating unless you place feed in front of him on time. There’s also a dog happy to ruffle your feathers if you try anything while he’s awake. Apparently the farm is full of enemies ready to stick their nose in your business.
To gain victory over these nosy troublemakers you have to tap your rooster to different parts of the farm strategically, picking up bonuses and dropping them in front of enemies just as they approach. Avoid all the wrong things while giving the hens all the right things at just the right time.
The resulting game is a kind of modern day Pac Man where the half circled bad guys take the shape of farm animals and

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.631773
Retrieved Text: Gigglemonkees – Laughing Life To The Fullest!
Laughing Life To The Fullest!
Poor little Stanley forgot how to quack! He must ask his friends to help get it back. All the animals on Silly Nilly farm work together to help their friend Stanley remember his quack in this delightfully clever tale of mishap and friendship.
Tales From Silly Nilly Farm – The Goat With No Coat!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.59736
Retrieved Text: Matt Chinian Painting Blog: Creek on Conley Rd. forgot how to paint, again.
Creek on Conley Rd. forgot how to paint, again.
Here is where I ended up today, I really should take it back it's just not right.
Starting with white, in this case made sense, at least in a nonsensical way.
I thought it was going OK, I was looking for a barn, and I wanted some reasonably distant view, but I saw this creek and liked the way it cut into the field, and the brightness of the snow, but i couldn't get a handle on the way the fields receded so strait.
There are a lot of subtleties, in the way the field goes back and I just got confused and forgot how to paint.
I had almost 2 hours so it might have not been the time, I also chose a view where the sun wasn't strait above, but it was still wicked bright anyway.
Here is my scene, it's a good scene too, I think I need to do it more or again or both.
My Pallet: titanium white, cadmium lemon, cadmium yellow, light, burnt seinna, alizerine crimson, zinc white, prussian blue and ultra marine blue. the "black" in the middle is ultramarine and burnt sienna. The cap has my medium, stand oil, damar varnish and turpentine.
The back light was very strong and you can see the mess I made.
A wonderful place but certainly not easy to paint. It would be a good idea to come back in a couple of weeks when the snow is gone, but

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.39985
Retrieved Text: Studying farm people is nothing less than knowing the majority of the population and their socio-economic characteristics including the problems and prospects of any developing country like ours. Education, in its all form, is a panacea for all, has shown its miraculous impact on the growth and development of the economy in general and on the far, productivity and efficiency of farm people in particular. There may be instances of invisibility of impact of education on farm production, no such instances are found where higher education of the farm people leads to low productivity and efficiency. In this backdrop the book will shed lights on the details about farm production, their economic characteristics and the issues that come in while applying empirical production function; the linkage between education and farm productivity in general; empirical methods on evaluating productivity and efficiency of the farm people and their education. The book has provided a detailed analysis of empirical results of how along with other primary inputs education of the farm people affects their efficiency while producing different food and non-food crops. This book will be an asset to those who are dealing with farm efficiency and productivity analysis.
As mentioned in the blurb, the book is an asset for those who are indulged in farm production. The book contains all the information you would require to understand the concept of farm production.
The book has been written in easy-to-understand and simple English so that readers don’t find any jargon words in it.
Both the title & cover match well with the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.376997
Retrieved Text: Thank you Abune Samuel. Someone had the guts to speak out against Aba Gebremedhin.
Thanks to God to geve us this victory.
This is what we were waiting for a longtime. It is good for churches which are located overseas specially for Kidus Michael in Seattle.
I thought we were wrong done when I think about the people at St. Michael church in Seattle. Especially what the so called Deacons are doing is an embarrassment to the entire Ethiopian Orthodox Church population. I don't even know how they go home and sleep.
They totally monopolize the church and disrespect the entire Orthodox population. I suppose that shouldn't be a surprise though because they learnt it from the Master. As one of the Ethiopian proverbs says, there is a Master to a Master (close?). I count this as a Miracle.
Right when I start to loose hope...boom the light. Our God is a great God who gives signs when asked.
This is the kind of leadership we were waiting for from our church leaders for a while.
Now we need someone to come after MehbereKedusan. They are one of the biggest problem we are having after the higher power. Those who call yourself MehbereKedusan Shame on you big time. Especially the once in Seattle. Enanten BeloDemo LeHaymanto Tekorkwari... You stand and listen when Zemicheal uses Albert Enstine as a marriage example. You stand and listen when Zemicheal said he so called "Kene" in English.
Enanten BeloDemo Yetemara... What is knowledge if it doesn't transform you?
Shame on every and each one of you.
How can I appreciate

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.37247
Retrieved Text: I often wonder how we got there, and how it was that we all came to be created by that place, changed forever by our years there.
It was as if I were meant to be there. Even in my earliest years I loved tagging along with Dad to the “Farm,” as a girl full of curiosity would, wanting to understand what goes on from 8-5 in the parent world.
It was Narnia and Disneyland all in one place, with a bit of 1984 thrown in on occasion. It could be a nightmare but in the best years it was mostly a haunting wonderland…something fragile and dark, full of beauty and tinged with sadness, all wrapped up in a sensory overload jumble. I see it now as captured in a giant snow globe. Surreal and locked the memories stir when I shake them in my mind.
It is so hard for anyone to understand who had never been there.
To understand, you had to breathe it in…let the place seep into you to experience the sense of awe it still holds for me. It brings me to tears even after all these years: That Farm on the hill, holy depository for the broken and the lost, the loved and the rejected, the home. It was the playground of my teen years…my rite of passage to adulthood. It is a big part of who I am, and a big part of me was left behind, inside those gates.
I was thirteen when I first came to the Farm. It took a while

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.234133
Retrieved Text: Well Pet Day hasn't changed that much... but they did only have farm animals but you will know at the end so basically there's not many animals farm animals in Pet Day now days but there used to be only farm animals (e.g. horses, calves, sheep and even pigs). Exhibits haven't really changed but there used to be more things like food animal and egg person models.
We interviewed an old teacher of our school called Mr Hall and he told us about him as a boy and him as a teacher. When Mr Hall was a boy he said he liked the calves and cows. He liked to do the sand sauces. When he was a boy they had to do three exhibits in the morning! A lot of work, Mr Hall said as a teacher on Pet Day it was pretty chaotic because someone wouldn't have enough of this and someone did this and just lots of things. He also said it didn't really change much when he was a boy.
Now lastly this is why we have Pet Day like they are now also this will explain the farm animal things. So it basically went farms, lifestyle house (small sections). What I mean by this is there were lots of farms years ago so there used to be more farm animals then.
The years went by and people started moving and the population grew which means people needed homes. These were called life style blocks they had a bit of land but not a farm. Then

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.209467
Retrieved Text: Ask most kids the first thing that comes to mind when you say "vegetables," and they’ll probably complain that their parents are always asking them to eat them. It’s unlikely that they think much about how vegetables end up on their plate.
But as the global population soars, so does the demand for food (yes, even broccoli)—and the path from farm to plate is getting ever more tenuous. Despite growing need, there are fewer U.S. farmers, and those that are still in the profession are getting older. Many of their children are hesitant to take over the reins of the family farm, opting to leave their rural hometowns for potentially greener pastures.
According to U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) farm census numbers, the average age of a principal farm operator is now 58 years old—just six percent are under the age of 35. And the number of new farmers—those who have been on their current operation fewer than 10 years—is down 20 percent between 2007 and 2012.
"It is our responsibility to get young people excited about agriculture and then provide the opportunities to become the next generation of leaders," said Paul E. Schickler, President, DuPont Pioneer.
With the U.S. farm population nearing retirement, the need for young agricultural leaders is urgent. New educational programs and coalitions are stepping up to educate and inspire a new generation to take ownership of the future of farming. The Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program (BFRDP), administered by USDA's National Institute for Food and Agriculture (NIFA), recently announced $18 million in funding to

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.194447
Retrieved Text: The holidays were really amazing. My family was in town, I got to spend time with my beautiful niece, and just relax. My sister keeps Huntley Rose on a strict nap schedule so we were cuddled up in the house for most of their trip but we did make it out to Ardenwood Historic Farm one day! We used to go here when I was a kid but it had been so long I forgot how beautiful it was. We got to hang out with all the cute farm animals and watch the beautiful monarch butterflies. If you know me at all you know that I love animals. Literally any kind of animal and I want to live on a farm one day. When I was younger my parents let me have pet chickens and they would follow me around the yard and cuddle up on me when I would lay by the pool, so needless to say I was in my happy place. Huntley was even pointing up at the butterflies and feeding the farm animals! It was such an awesome experience to share my family now that we are grown up, I’ll definitely be going back soon.
If you’re in the Bay Area and are looking for something fun to do (you don’t have to have kids to enjoy this!) you should check out the Ardenwood Historic Farm. It’s such a beautiful place with a ton of history. Check out some of the pics from our trip! You can also check out my favorite donut

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.14358
Retrieved Text: Exchange your Delicate Pocket Watches for amazing rewards. Remember, you can exchange for each reward once, one after the other during the first round. After the first round, trade for whichever reward you like.
1. You see all the land beyond the blackberries? That’s where I’ll build it. It will be a beautiful place where people from all over the world can stay!
2. A place where people from different cultures can learn together, laugh together and cook together. It’s going to be WONDERFUL, Farmer!
3. I know it’s going to take a lot of work to make this dream come true. That’s why I’m heading to the Farmer’s Market today to sell some farm fresh foods.
5. Don’t forget to pack some lemonade too. It’s a HUGE hit in this town. Strange thing though, I haven’t seen the farm family today. Have you?
6. Oh well, I guess it’s just me and you today, Farmer. Oh, AND our handy dandy Taco Truck! Just a few more things to pack up and we’re off to the market!
7. The truck is loaded up but I feel I’m missing something. Aha, a classic home-made sign. We can make one right now. Voila! Hop in the truck, Farmer. We’re off!
8. It’s been a long time since I drove through the countryside. Look at all the flowers and rolling hills! Straight ahead is the farmer’s market. *Beep beep* Here we come!
9. Wonderful, we’re finally here! Time really does fly when you’re having fun! Let’s put all of our farmer products on the table to set

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.033052
Retrieved Text: WindReach Farm Foundation is committed to financially supporting the mission of WindReach Farm. WindReach Farm is a fully accessible farm which provides specialized features, programs, and services to meet the needs of the special needs population. WindReach Farm is proud to be a unique, barrier-free facility and is for all people for the last 25 years.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.01012
Retrieved Text: I have been a farmer Officially farming since 1999, but I have been involved in our farm since 1975.
I’ve been a Farm At Hand user since: since 2014; it has been a huge help with my record keeping for my farm and for managing my data.
Where do you farm? Birsay, SK, by Lake Diefenbaker.
What do you grow? Red lentils, peas, canola, durum, wheat and barley.
What’s one of your favourite moments when you’re out in the fields? One of my favorite moments in the field is harvest, seeing the results of hard work and planning.
What is your most important piece of equipment and why? The most important piece of equipment is the sprayer. It it seems we never get out of it from burnoff, in-crop spraying, fungicide, insects, and pre-harvest/dessication.
Can you share with us what you think our biggest challenge in Ag right now? One of the biggest challenges in Ag is the public perception of food safety and the amount of misinformation being circulated. Consumers need to know where their food comes from and how we produce it.
Do you think the way we farm and produce food will change in the next 10 years? How so? The way we farm will continue to change in the future due to technology available to us as farmers and consumers demand for the products we are producing.
If there is one thing you want the general population to now about farming, what would that be? If I could say one thing to the general population is don’t believe everything you

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.009317
Retrieved Text: Deb & Dale are neighbors of my parents basically and the best people you will ever meet! I mean barefoot, down-home, give you the shirt off their backs folks. (And a little trivia? They completely catered my wedding and made sure the days events ran smoothly! They do it all!) They have all sorts of animals and any stray around always ends up with them! Also, ya'll should see their garden! Everything is home grown from the watermelons they use for Deb's famous watermelon margaritas to the 100's of tomatoes they had on the picnic table. You know, we are both sort of like the picture below when it comes to animals though. A good time was had by all and I am thankful for the shortened work week now bring on the photos! (keep scrolling, I may or may not have made out with the sweetest baby cow ever! Haha) Also- sorry for dates I couldn't remove on the picture overload. Deb saved the day with lending me her digital camera since ALL of us forgot our phones and/or cameras!
I cannot believe you let a cow lick you! Girl, I grew up on a dairy farm and I've never done that. Slimey! haha. Glad you had a good weekend! Loved all of your antiquing instagram photos!
Hahaha how fun! Although I think I would have freaked if a cow licked me LOL!
Animal lovers are ALWAYS good people! Looks like so much fun and the sort of day I would so enjoy!
Ahh you kissed a cow! I

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.982864
Retrieved Text: Sign up for an account 登記戶口 Forgot your password 忘了您的密碼?
What is the Gay Market?
Gays and lesbians are sometimes elusive to quantify, but major advertisers have increasingly found that their efforts are well worth the investment to find them and for good reason. A recent study conducted by the Connecticut-based Greenfield Online, found that the average annual household income for gays and lesbians is US$57,000. The New York-based Company, Spare Parts, Inc., which helps companies market to gays, estimates that the United States gay and lesbian population is between 15 million to 23 million. According to another study (Inter@ctive Week, August 30, 1999. Pg. 20.), the US gay community consists of over 19 million people with an estimated buying power of US$800 billion. Asia has more than half of the world’s population, which is more than 10 times the US population.
Below is a benchmark that helps to bring this market more into focus, allowing us to compare it to other diversity niche communities in the US marketplace.
As the gay market has grown and developed over the past 30 years, it’s been the travel industry which has embraced and been at the forefront in marketing to the gay community. The world of Gay Travel is the most diverse and mature. There are companies dedicated exclusively to gay travel marketing and business associations solely for the world of gay travel. The size of the gay travel market, in terms of buying power, is what attracts advertisers the most. Based on the Travel Instition of the US travel market at

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.968174
Retrieved Text: It’s not how you feel. Having a cow could mean considerably more than just getting agitated. You might just enjoy having a cow – or more fittingly, a whole farm of computer. Farming cattle could possibly be your ticket towards the hugely. Billions of dollars in profits are derived from farming cattle. A host of items that originate from farming cattle could yield you additional money when compared to a desk job. Cattle farming produces beef and veal, milk, cheese, butter, leather, and dung fuel amongst others. In developing countries, cattle are raised mainly as draft animals.
Organic foods which are once sold only on specialized stores can now be bought almost anywhere and organic farming has grown to hold a substantial share with the foodstuff market. Along with the interest in well balanced meals also came the massive demand of Organic Recipes. Thousands of people search the world wide web for brand new recipes they are able to increase their diets. The recipes have not only absorbed cyberspace but also the libraries. So many books about cake recipes are already published that it is likely that all libraries will have their own number of these healthy eating recipes.
Once which is done, you should figure out how to plant and farm those mushrooms, because different types of mushrooms have different requirements. Therefore, when you think about starting a mushrooming business, it is vital that you read about the kinds of burgeons that you can grow and the effort that you will should place in if you wish

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.96802
Retrieved Text: When you decide to become an ethical fashion brand it can actually be a pretty overwhelming place. Navigating the world of international garment manufacturing is tricky, there’s labor standards, tariffs, and numerous cultural differences to consider. Fortunately, THR3EFOLD is here to make it easy for you. Every month, you can expect to learn more about industry ethical manufacturing certifications that provide a trusted standard when you work with factories a world away.
Ever wondered how many people live in poverty? It’s actually estimated that nearly half of the world’s population live on less than $2.50 per day, and coming over a whopping 3 million people, that can make this cause seem completely overwhelming and quite frankly, unfathomable. India alone houses almost ⅓ of the world’s poverty population which is why we focused on starting our work there.
Last week, we made a cameo at Conscious Magazine, highlighting the 7 ethical designers showing in Fashion Week. We were really excited to write this article since it's obviously something we are quite passionate about, however it was harder than we thought. We were aware that the pool of high end ethical designer brands was small, but we didn't realize how small. Which got us thinking, while we wait on the industry to catch up with responsible manufacturing, what can we be doing now? Most of you are not going to move to a farm, grow our own food, weave our own textiles, and live off solar power - hard pass. So here are 5 easy things you can do to

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.96161
Retrieved Text: I almost never start a blog post, story, column (or speech) with a quote. I got pummeled for doing so back in the 1970s by an editor at the Windsor Star, and I’ve never forgot.
That’s a warning from Chinese agricultural journalist Zhou Siyu, in his fine 2012 outlook story about his country’s projected agricultural fortunes, published in the China Daily.
Zhou, who visited Guelph in September as a participant in the International Federation of Agricultural Journalists congress, says China’s farmers are fighting a battle on two fronts.
“They are simultaneously contending with a surge in demand stemming from the ever-increasing population, and with a decrease in the amount of arable land, water and other natural resources that can be exploited, ” he says.
According to Zhou, the country’s looming troubles help explain why it has imported more agricultural goods in recent years. Not until 1996 did the country begin to import soybeans. By 2010, though, China was bringing in 54.8 million tons of soybeans a year, making it the largest importer of that farm product in the world.
Here’s the Canadian angle: in 2011, China surpassed Canada to become the largest importer of US agricultural goods. It’s a very hungry country. And, says Zhou, it’s spending a lot of money on food, with its imports helping keep economies such as the US afloat.
That’s why the world can’t afford China to fail, says Zhou. Globally, who else is spending money?
The photo in this blog post is from China Daily, of harvesting at a farm in Nantong, Jiangsu province.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.87447
Retrieved Text: 4✨s – After losing his father and the family farm, Luke has hit rock bottom. He’s sharing a small apartment with too many people, picking up trash at the local fair, and his future prospects aren’t looking good. The fair is money, but it also reminds him of everything he lost—and all the things he never believed he could have.
Mason is out and proud, working on his bright future, when he sees a familiar face from their hometown. Once upon a time, he tutored Luke in math and never forgot the presumably straight, hunky farm boy, even if he dressed for hard work instead of fashion.
Meeting up again when their lives are so disparate added just the right amount of angst to this little story. Watching them figure each other out, with Mason adding the much-needed encouragement Luke needed to follow his dreams, was just sweet. They were likable and lovable, the type of couple you want to root for.
I know nothing about Minnesota or farming, but the setting and details felt authentic. Both became part of the story, not just a backdrop or foil, which made this an excellent addition to the States of Love theme.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.812502
Retrieved Text: Oysters grow on many substrates. We use sterile grain jars to maintain and transfer spawn. We grow oyster mushroom on straw mostly. Cheap and easy and local. We also like alternating fresh coffee grounds with hydrated cardboard and a high spawn rate in buckets with holes. Some people use hardwood fire pellets. Agricultural waste produce are used worldwide. Oysters grow on almost anything.
Shaggy mane are delicious. They should be great in your area. Should also be wild. They are often in disturbed areas and in lawns.They are very watery, so need lots of cooking to evaporate the liquid, but are the best in cream of mushroom soup or in stroganoff. We also failed to get blewits to grow from spawn.
Love to see some pics Steve. Here are a few from our garden last summer. Wine caps are pretty sneaky, found them a long ways from where they were "planted", but we have wood chip paths and mulch almost everywhere and now all mulch is inoculated with wine cap spawn (just add in the well run wood chips). Also phot of the oyster added to the straw mulch in garden beds and the shaggy manes in the compost that pop up every fall when the temps drop and the rain comes.
That's great. We too have spread wine cap spawn throughout the garden. Mushrooms everywhere. We are also using a well run bed of wine cap mycelium as a treatment for the road runoff.
We grow Pleurotus ostreatus, primarily the gray variety. It does well in the temperature ranges

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.721167
Retrieved Text: It is rather common for a nutritionist to be invited to visit a farm before designing a specific nutrition program. In fact, in my opinion, this must be a prerequisite set by the nutritionist. At any rate, an experienced eye will quickly decide whether a true custom-made program is possible. And, although nutrition can cope or even help with a mediocre farm health status, or even untrained staff and below-par facilities, the one thing that cannot fix is a mixed genetic population.
Certain farms enjoy breeding and cross-breeding their own genetics, which I consider a noble exercise, but when it becomes a self-indulging purpose, it negates any nutrition effort to feed commercial (terminal) animals efficiently. It is not rare for a farm to have four or even more breeds of animals, all intermixed in the same facilities, while cross-bred animals are constantly and even randomly produced. I understand there is a certain thrill there and, in fact, I know this is how the first genetics advances were achieved. But I am focusing here in commercial operations that produce their own market animals and not modern genetics businesses.
When faced with a mixed population, a nutritionist cannot create any reasonable nutrition program to feed any animal efficiently. At best, a medium animal is envisioned, resulting in the paradox where no such animal exists and as such some animals are underfed whereas the rest are overfed. It is a lose-lose situation that has no fix. Remember that, in modern farms, individual animal feeding is impossible, whereas even group feeding is

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.711384
Retrieved Text: Much of what Americans consume in the U.S. is produced by farm workers of Latina/o descent. The berries, nuts, meat, and pasta that we eat, and the hops and grapes that we drink, for instance, are made possible in large part by the skilled labor of farm workers. Farm workers, however, tend to be socially, geographically, and economically disadvantaged. They often labor in rural areas, and are therefore physically invisible to the majority of Americans. Farm workers tend to be racial and ethnic minorities, and are often immigrants. They are often poorly compensated for their labor. The multiple forms of oppression that they experience further contribute to their isolation and invisibility. Similar to the rest of the U.S., farm workers in Idaho face social and economic challenges. While Idaho farm workers face long hours, low wages, and inadequate housing, they continue to produce for the consumption habits of Americans, as well as for global markets. Building on our previous work in immigration studies (Meierotto) and agriculture and food system inequality (Som Castellano), we decided to conduct research examining the well-being of farm workers and their families in Idaho.
We began conducting ethnographic research with Idaho agricultural workers In December 2016. We wanted to learn more about the challenges farm workers face in maintaining their well-being, paying particular attention to household food security and the labor of food provisioning. What we learned was illuminating.
The southwestern part of the state has seen an increasing agricultural focus on the production of hops in recent years. Driving the shift is consumer

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.646696
Retrieved Text: Some say that AI, machine learning and digital twin will be the three main technologies that will eliminate the need for manual labor. The main belief that tries to justify why that’s the case is from the perspective of the average person, indicating that technology will directly “replace” people, making them redundant and irrelevant in work positions. According to the majority of employees, the fear of losing their job because of a new innovation that can do their work a thousand times faster is very daunting. In their mind, this will mean that their current practical skillset they’re using to work for somebody and stay relevant will become obsolete, forcing them to get out into the real world, seek new options, opportunities and think for themselves again. The same mindset can be seen in agriculture – the world’s oldest industry that has depended on manual labor for ages. However, how true is the fact that AgTech will increase labor shortages even more? Does this really mean that laborers will be forced out and replaced by tractors who drive themselves, drones that look after crops, robots that work 24/7 and AI that will plant disease immune seeds? Let’s find out.
The idea that agriculture technology will make manual labor obsolete is a bit far-fetched. I mean, let’s think about it for a moment. It is logical to stipulate that workers who solely do grunt work will have a harder time being useful due to the ability to replace manpower with AgTech, but that doesn’t mean that those same

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.596962
Retrieved Text: Today, we went out on the farm, as Stallions do.
We recorded our music video today!
I stayed in the car for this part... it was cold.
Yes, it was cold! And dark. And all the other things you associate with 4AM on a farm in early spring. But we got it all set up and it was AWESOME.
After successfully freezing our poor toes off, we headed back into town for some seriously amazing breakfast at the Taste Local cafe.
I would show you pictures, but I was loopy and forgot to take any while we were there... check out the deliciousness on their page!
After refueling, we headed into the city with our business suits and filled our apparent position as "the beautiful people" (this keeps coming up... explanations later).
We played around outside of coffee shops, and maybe drew a little too much attention... The good news is, we made some friends! After seeing the laughter, we went inside to introduce ourselves and met some awesome Loveland natives. They were enjoying their renewed friendship over some coffee, and we got to talk about our shared ideas on valuing other humans! How cool.
We wrapped up the recording by heading back out to the farm (a little warmer this time around).
As I'm writing, most everyone is napping. The Stallions still need their rest! As do I... So with that, we will see you next week!
Thank you so much for your support, it means more than you know. We can't wait to share with you in the coming months!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.541666
Retrieved Text: With things a bit quiet on the farm at the moment and with all this sunny spring like weather happening it was time to take 1/2 a day off work. So, what does a fish farmer do for recreation? Go fishing of course!
Nice way to spend a $unday, Im on my way in to work, apparently they need me cause it's busy.
Wish all the slow cars would get out of the fast lane.
Sorry troutman, your post neglects to mention the location of the lake and detailed directions on how to get there you must have forgot!
Nice fish Gav - How'd they taste ?
I'm planning on buying a fly rig.
I've had a bit of a go on borrowed gear to the point where I can cast the to point where the fly generally ends up further away from than it started, but given the way people seem to use a fly reel (sometimes it seems fly reels are just for line storage when I watch people fly fishing on youtube), is there any reason I need to spend money on a decent one?
Can you recommend a low cost rig to get me started?
For small streams...2/3wt outfits and small fish the reel is just a convenient place to keep the line and you can use a cheap one but for bigger rigs like 5/6wt or 9wt you need good drag for fighting the fish on the reel.

================



======= Instance Index 35 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are increase or decrease ):

As humidity increases, the water potential gradient across the inside and outside the leaf become more equal, and so the rate of transpiration decreases.


As the air becomes drier, transpiration of a leaf will increase or decrease?

Target Text: increase

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 39.567173
Retrieved Text: Is humidity important? How can/should I try to control it?
Proper greenhouse humidity is important both in preventing plant diseases and promoting healthy plant growth. High humidity can promote the Botrytis and other fungal diseases. High humidity also restricts plant transpiration, which in turn limits evaporative leaf cooling and can lead to overheating of plant foliage. If high humidity persists for a long time, the restriction of transpiration can limit the "transpiration stream" of nutrients and can lead to nutrient deficiencies.
Low humidity is best avoided because it may increase foliar transpiration to the extent that the root system cannot keep up.
Humidity is most accurately measured in terms of the "vapor pressure deficit" or VPD. This can be thought of as the drying power of the greenhouse air. However, most people measure humidity as relative humidity. Charts and programs are available to convert relative humidity to VPD.
Humidity is perhaps the most difficult of the greenhouse conditions to control. Most growers simply aim to avoid the extremes of humidity. Over most temperature ranges, a GH humidity of 50-85% is generally safe.
Low humidity can be managed with misters and foggers. It is also useful to shade plants under conditions of low humidity to reduce the rate of transpiration.
Transpiring plants add water vapor to the greenhouse air, increasing the humidity inside the greenhouse. Therefore, managing high humidity starts with ventilation...replacing warmer, humid greenhouse air with cooler, drier outside air. Ventilation also involves significant energy losses, and therefore ventilation often must be accompanied by heating. Therefore, lowering greenhouse humidity with a combination

########
Rank: 1
Score: 38.401783
Retrieved Text: The driving force behind water movement in plants is evaporation through the leaves, which acts like a magnet pulling water up the plant’s plumbing system. However, because water is evaporating from a living surface, it is called transpiration. The problem is that plants want to hold onto their water and not let it all out through transpiration. Therefore plants are constantly struggling to hang on to their water.
Recall the concepts of diffusion, osmosis and active transport as the main processes of substance exchange across membranes.
Water potential is the property of water that determines which way it will flow, which depends on the concentration of solutes in the water and the pressure being exerted on the water. Another way to think about this is the water’s capacity to move or do work. Water potential measures the concentration of free water molecules. It is a measure of the tendency of these molecules to diffuse to another area. The more free water molecules, the higher the water potential.
Water diffuses by osmosis from a region of high water potential to a region of low water potential through the water potential gradient. Osmosis can therefore be defined as the diffusion of water from a region of high water potential to a region of low water potential through a partially permeable membrane.
Pressure potential is the amount of force being exerted on a solution. In living cells, this pressure comes from the contents of the cell pushing against the cell wall. The cell wall pushes back, causing turgor pressure. Turgor pressure causes plant

########
Rank: 2
Score: 35.222588
Retrieved Text: The influence of variations in the boundary air layer thickness on transpirtion due to changes in leaf dimension or wind speed was evaluated at a given stomatal resistance (rs) for various combinations of air temperature (Ta) and total absorbed solar energy expressed as a fraction of full sunlight (Sffs). Predicted transpiration was found to either increase or decrease for increases in leaf size depending on specific combinations of Ta, Sffs, and rs. Major reductions in simulated transpiration with increasing leaf size occurred for shaded, highly reflective, or specially oriented leaves (Sffs=0.1) at relatively high Ta when rs was below a critical value of near 500 s m-1. Increases in Sffs and decreases in Ta lowered this critical resistance to below 50 s m-1 for Sffs=0.7 and Ta=20°C. In contrast, when rs was above this critical value, an increase in leaf dimension (or less wind) resulted in increases in transpiration, especially at high Ta and Sffs. For several combinations of Ta, Sffs, and rs, transpiration was minimal for a specific leaf size. These theoretical results were compared to field measurements on common desert, alpine, and subalpine plants to evaluate the possible interactions of leaf and environmental parameters that may serve to reduce transpiration in xeric habitats.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 34.826927
Retrieved Text: If you’ve ever gone skiing or hiking in the mountains of the Southwest, you’ve heard the warnings (or ignored them and learned the hard way). Drink lots of water, more water than you normally drink. You also might have noticed that you became breathless a little more quickly. All those warnings aren’t just designed to impress flat-landers or to make up for exertion. There’s science behind high-altitude dehydration of people and plants.
Air pressure is lower at higher altitudes, and that means that moisture evaporates more quickly. It evaporates from lungs and from the soil and roots around plants. Add the fact that most high-desert and mountain climates also are low in humidity, and you’ve got to adapt to a new environment or nearly pass out. The same goes for your landscape, which is another reason to stick with native plants. These guys have toughed it out; they’re not just here for a weekend getaway! If you do choose non-native cultivars, plant them sparingly, and try to use them in protected areas, which leads to my next point.
My daughter took this photo of snow on the mountains along the Arizona-New Mexico border one December. A holiday snow does not mean a humid climate.
Why Not Add Some Wind to the Mix?
Luckily, winds are worse in New Mexico on the plains than in the mountains. But how about in the high desert? Because of the wide temperature variations – warmer days and cool evenings, desert air can be a little unstable. Anyone driving through rural Arizona and New Mexico

########
Rank: 4
Score: 33.978596
Retrieved Text: A field of corn will transpire between 3,000 and 4,000 gallons of water a day.
The main purpose of transpiration is to open the stoma, allowing carbon dioxide to diffuse into the air, which is a primary function of photosynthesis.
Transpiration is the process of water evaporating through stoma, or pores, in the foliage of plants. The water travels from the roots where it is absorbed, up through the stem, and exits as vapor from tiny holes on the bottom of the plant's leaves. This process can be detrimental to plants, especially when the amount of water available is low, but it is vital to producing food. About 10% of the water in the atmosphere is produced in this way, while the other 90% is a result of evaporation.
The main purpose of transpiration is to open the stoma, allowing carbon dioxide to diffuse into the air, which is a primary function of photosynthesis. The fluid that is released occurs as a side effect. The water pressure in the leaves of the plant is considerably lower than that in the roots, causing it to move upwards. The water is rich in nutrients and is combined with sunlight and carbon dioxide in the leaves. This creates food for the plant, and the stoma in the leaves then open, allowing the remaining water and carbon dioxide to be released into the atmosphere.
An average oak tree will release about 40,000 gallons (151,416 liters) of water per year, while a field of corn will transpire between 3,000 and 4,000 gallons (11,356 and 15,141

########
Rank: 5
Score: 32.537857
Retrieved Text: Before looking at the factors firstly let’s dive ( know ) what is Transpiration?
Definition of transpiration : Transpiration is the loss of water in the form of water vapor from the plant to the atmosphere under the influence of sunlight. Most water loss is through the stomata of the leaves while little is lost through the cuticle of lenticels of the stem.
Sunlight : Sunlight produces heat energy which increases the heat in the body of the plant. Under this condition the plant loses water vapor freely. Transpiration increase steadily with increasing light intensity. Plant transpire less in low light intensity.
Temperature: Transpiration increases with increase in temperature and decrease with decreasing temperature.
Wind: As wind sweeps always the water vapor around the plant more transpiration takes place. This means that plants will transpire more under a gentle wind and less when there is no wind at all. Wind of very high speed cause the stomata to close up and stomata transpiration stops.
Humidity: This is the presence of water vapor in the atmosphere. At high humidity when the surrounding air has much water vapor the plants transpire less. At low humidity when the surrounding air has less water vapor the plants transpire profusely.
Availability of water: Transpiration will go on steadily if there is water in the soil for the plant to absorb and replenish the one that is being lost. Transpiration will stop if there is no water supply to the plant to replace the one that is being lost.
Stomata: The number, size and distribution of stomata determine the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 32.07078
Retrieved Text: Weather based irrigation controllers will modify your clients watering schedule for weather conditions better than the controller they are using now. Why..???
Because ET (evapotranspiration) based controllers factor in your specific geographical ET factors such as: sunlight (solar radiation), wind, air temperature, humidty and rain. Once these factors are known, the ET rate for your location is adjusted…..daily! The ET controller is wirelessly updated on a daily basis which modifies your base watering schedule (either up or down) depending on local climate conditions. How cool is that?
These five basic weather variables of evapotranspiration (mentioned above) influence the plant water requirement (and in turn your weather based controller). As you can guess, this changes the amount of water needed by plants everyday. Measuring these weather factors provides information which will adjust the weather based controller automatically. These five variables change on a daily basis.
Sunlight is the cause of water evaporation from plant surfaces (leaves) and the soil. Sunlight also causes plant transpiration, which is the amount of water the plant draws from the soil to survive. Sunlight is influenced by cloud cover, altitude, and shade from adjacent trees, structures and landforms. More or less sunlight will affect your weather based controller.
Breezes force air across plant (leaf) and soil surfaces and increases the amount of water vapor removed from the landscape. Wind is influenced by trees, shrubs, nearby structures such as tall buildings and landforms. High winds will affect your weather based controller.
Temperature impacts the rate of transpiration from the plant and evaporation from the soil. Higher air temperatures

########
Rank: 7
Score: 30.778864
Retrieved Text: Background: Plants rely on stomata on the leaf epidermis for their survival. Stomata are small pores formed between two cells, called guard cells, that allow CO2 entry into the leaf for photosynthesis. Stomata also allow water diffusion out of the leaf in the form of vapor. This diffusion, called transpiration, drives the transfer of essential nutrients from the roots to shoots, but must be controlled to avoid drying of the leaf under low air humidity. Guard cells play a major role in such situations, by closing the stomatal pore to prevent excessive water loss, thereby ensuring the plant’s survival under dry conditions.
Questions: While we know much about the dynamic molecular processes taking place inside the guard cell, how these processes integrate with environmental stimuli is poorly understood. The effect of humidity, especially, has been widely investigated at the level of the whole plant, but its actions at the level of the guard cell have been a matter of much debate. Without a mechanistic framework for exploring how humidity affects stomata, gaining an understanding of these actions is difficult. Can we generate such a model to bridge the gap between the physiology of the whole plant and that of the guard cell?
Finding: Building on the original OnGuard system, which describes ion transport, metabolism and signaling processes occurring in the guard cell, we developed a computational platform, OnGuard2, that expands the system to include transpiration. This next-generation platform predicts changes in transpiration at the leaf level in relation to the environmental factors of humidity, water availability, and temperature.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 30.74607
Retrieved Text: It is the ability of a plant to maintain favorable water balance and turgidity even exposed to drought conditions there by avoiding stress and its consequences. Stress avoidance due to morphological anatomical characteristics which themselves are the consequences of the physiological processes induced by drought these zerophytic characteristics are quantitative and vary according to environmental conditions.
A favorable water balance under drought conditions can be achieved by transpiration before as soon as stress is experienced. These are called "water savers" or.
Accelerating water uptake sufficiently so as to replenish the lost water called as "water spenders"
1. Stomatal mechanism: –Stomata of different species vary widely in their normal behaviour and range. In some species stomata remain open continuously or remain closed continuously. Many cereals open their stomata only during a short time in the early morning and remain closed during rest of the day. There is a difference in this respect between varieties of the same crop as shown by the example in two varieties of oat one is more resistant to drought open its stomata more rapidly in the early morning when moisture stress is at its minimum and photosynthesis can precede with the least loss of water (stocker 1960).
However mechanism of conserving water based on the closure of stomata will inevitable load to reduce photosynthesis and may lead to drought induced starvation injury (Leavitt, 1972).
2. Increased / Photosynthetic efficiency :- On possibility for overcoming limitations on photosynthesis, imposed bicoastal closure as means for increasing resistance to loss of water by transpiration there by transpiration there by accumulations

########
Rank: 9
Score: 30.516802
Retrieved Text: Greenery in road facades and building facades contribute to create thermal comfort while purifying the air. Thermal comfort around greenery results from Evapotranspirative cooling. While there are many plant specific air purification mechanisms, photosynthesis is the main air purification mechanism that converts CO2 in to O2 .The decisions on greening towards more comfortable environment should essentially include selection of species higher evapotranspiration properties and higher photosynthesis rates. This research aims to identify species with higher transpiration and CO2 absorbance properties among most frequently used plant species in the Western Province, Sri Lanka. A pool consisting of 35 plants species was created by a roadside survey done in the three districts of Western Province, Sri Lanka. These plants were then rated by an expert judgement for their air purification and thermal comfort creation performance using three plant factors namely, leaf area, leaf structure and stomatal movement using a subjective scale. From the outcomes a set of plant species were identified which have higher performance for thermal performance and air purification. Result of this research can be used for selection of most suitable plant species for green facades which having higher transpiration properties. It is expected to verify the results through an experimental verification.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 30.082462
Retrieved Text: Transport is the movement of substances within an organism.
All living cells require oxygen and food for various metabolic processes.
These substances must be transported to the cells.
Metabolic processes in the cells produce excretory products which should be eliminated before they accumulate.
The excretory products should be transported to sites of excretion.
Organisms like amoeba are unicellular.
They have a large surface area to volume ratio.
The body is in contact with the environment.
Diffusion is adequate to transport substances across the cell membrane and within the organism.
Large multi-cellular organisms have complex structure where cells are far from each other hence diffusion alone cannot meet the demand for supply and removal of substances.
Therefore an elaborate transport system is necessary.
Simple plants such as mosses and liverworts lack specialized transport system.
Higher plants have specialized transport systems known as the vascular bundle.
Xylem transports water and mineral salts.
Phloem transports dissolved food substances like sugars.
The outermost layer in a root is the piliferous layer.
This is a special epidermis of young roots whose cells give rise to root hairs.
Root hairs are microscopic outgrowths of epidermal cells.
They are one cell thick for efficient absorption of substances.
They are numerous and elongated providing a large surface area for absorption of water and mineral salts.
Root hairs penetrate the soil and make close contact with it.
Below the piliferous layer is the cortex.
This is made up of loosely packed, thin walled parenchyma cells.
Water molecules pass through this tissue to reach the vascuiar bundles.
In some young plant stems, cortex cells contain chloroplasts.
The endodermis (starch sheath) is a single layer of cells with starch grains.
The endodermis has

########
Rank: 11
Score: 29.907032
Retrieved Text: Keep humidity at the temperature - related rate. Average ideal humidity is in range from 70% to 85%. Also, there are absolute minimum and absolute maximum criteria. For particular criteria refer to Autogrow.com. Note: Humidity below of recommended minimum and higher than recommended maximum will reduce water transpiration of the plant. Low water transpiration will slow transport of fertilizer from roots to the leaves and will reduce plant photosynthesis efficiency. Note for windowsill growers: to prevent mould contamination of your home never keep humidity higher than 55-60% at your growing area.
Note: CO2 is an essential substance, converted by the plant's photosynthesis into sugars, starches and cellulose.
If possible, use ambient air CO2 enrichment.
Provide CO2 enrichment reducing boundary leaf layer by the forced air movement at the plant canopy. To prevent negative impact on the plant transpiration and to prevent possible desiccation of the plant use non-continuous air movement. Fans at my greenhouse operate on timer (15 minutes of air movement then 30 minutes of still air period).
Optimal morning temperature (17C) shall be reached during heating season as soon as possible.
Try not to exceed temperature (27C) in your growing area.
During sunny weather use less concentrated fertilizer solution - approximately 500 ppm of total dissolved solids (TDS). During sunny weather plant needs more water to transpired to cool down leaf surface. Increased water transpiration in conjunction with high concentration of fertilizer could cause fertiliser-burn-like stress to the plant and reduce it's photosynthesis efficiency.
During overcast weather use more concentrated fertilizer - approximately 700 ppm of total TDS (see details below).

########
Rank: 12
Score: 29.837093
Retrieved Text: 广东快乐十分投注下载 www.hmclip.net Blue whale (Balaenoptera musculus) migrates in the California current. Image courtesy of Jeremy A. Goldbogen (Stanford University, Stanford, CA) and the Duke Marine Robotics and Remote Sensing Lab.
Thermal tolerance limits for ectotherms can vary between contrasting microhabitats and between species within the same microhabitat. To explain the latter observation, Sylvain Pincebourde and Jér?me Casas (pp. 5588–5596) examined the thermal tolerance limits of six herbivorous arthropods that live and feed on the leaves of the same host plant, as well as the effects of herbivory on leaf transpiration and temperature. Feeding by phloem-feeding arthropods, such as aphids, increased leaf transpiration and reduced leaf surface temperature, while feeding by tissue-piercing arthropods, such as mites and lace bugs, reduced transpiration and increased leaf surface temperature. Species’ upper thermal limits were correlated with the transpiration rate and temperature of the leaves they attacked, such that species whose feeding decreased transpiration and warmed the leaves could tolerate higher temperatures than species whose feeding increased transpiration and cooled the leaves. Thus, tissue piercers could tolerate higher temperatures than phloem feeders, but were also exposed to higher temperatures than phloem feeders. The difference between each species’ upper temperature limit and the warmest temperatures they currently experience was at most 2 °C for all species studied. The results suggest that the vulnerability of these species to extreme heat may be much smaller than previously thought, according to the authors. — B.D.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 29.127289
Retrieved Text: An important process of plant physiology is the transpiration of plant leaves. It is actively controlled by pores (stomata) in the leaf and the governing feature for vital factors such as gas exchange and water transport affixed to which is the nutrient transport from the root to the shoot. Because of its importance, the transpiration and water transport in leaves have been extensively studied. However, current measurement techniques provide poor spatial and temporal resolution. With the use of one single low-NETD infrared camera important parameter of plant physiology such as transpiration rates, heat capacity per unit area of the leaf and the water flow velocity can be measured to high temporal and special resolution by techniques presented in this paper. The latent heat flux of a plant, which is directly proportional to the transpiration rate, can be measured with passive thermography. Here use is made of the linear relationship between the temperature difference between a non transpiring reference body and the transpiring leaf and the latent heat flux. From active thermography the heat capacity per unit area of the leaf can be measured. This method is termed active, because the response of the leaf temperature to an imposed energy flux is measured. Through the use of digital image processing techniques simultaneous measurements of the velocity field and temporal change of heated water parcels traveling through the leaf can be estimated from thermal image sequences.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 28.260042
Retrieved Text: A is for April. April 1 to be exact. While others may be joking I bring you a fact.
On April 1 there’s something important to be done, in the garden that is, and it can be quite fun.
So don your gloves, sharpen your shears and protect your fingers or I fear these things we call grasses will have you in tears.
See today is the day or around this day near, that you must cut your grasses, the ornamentals, my dear.
For now is the time that they begin to grow and we must cut them back because these you can’t mow.
Grab some twine and wrap it tight, then with all of your might, take your loppers or your trimmers or your sharpest garden shears and cut them all down to six inches or near.
You must do it now, you must do it soon, for if you don’t, your grasses will look much like a goon.
So get out there! Go to it! Get them cut! Then relax. Because this season is just beginning, it’s one of the last times to kick back.
We’ve had record-breaking temps in the Twin Cities the past couple of days. This weather is tough. It literally feels like a blast furnace to us and most of us aren’t outside all day and night.
This is the kind of weather that really tests Darwin’s theory or evolution and truly the strongest (healthiest and most fit) will survive. Plants and trees have no respite right now, so they really need us. We all need to do our

########
Rank: 15
Score: 28.049114
Retrieved Text: Silva, B.; Strobl, S.; Beck, E. & Bendix, J. (2016): Canopy evapotranspiration, leaf transpiration and water use efficiency of an Andean pasture in SE-Ecuador – a case study. Erdkunde 70(1), 5-18.
The relationship between canopy-level evapotranspiration (ETSci) and leaf-level transpiration (Tleaf) as well as photosynthesis (Pleaf) for a homogeneous tropical montane pasture was analyzed over five days using a combination of methods involving a laser scintillometer and a porometer. Weather conditions ranged from overcast to sunny during the period of study. The gas exchange of the leaves of the dominant pasture grass Setaria sphacelata (transpiration vs. photosyn¬thetic CO2 net uptake ) was measured with a porometer and physiologically interpreted on the background of microclimate variables (photosynthetic active radiation (PAR) as proxy for total light intensity, temperature, water vapor deficit of the air) and soil moisture data. Water use efficiency (WUE, photosynthetic CO2 net uptake vs water loss by leaf transpiration) of the pasture was used to analyze the grass’ range of response to the environmental variables of the research area. PAR and water vapor deficit of the air (VPD) appeared to be the determinant factors for Tleaf and ETSci. WUE for the Setaria sphacelata pasture ranged from 1.9 to 5.8 ?mol CO2 mmol-1 H20 day-1 and is particularly low during periods of high VPD combined with enhanced insolation during cloudless periods. ET measurements collected by the scintillometer demonstrated a strong correlation with water flux calculated using the Penman-Monteith approach (TPM) (r² = 0.95). Also, Tleaf measured with the porometer showed reasonable coincidence with the ET observations (r²

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.984173
Retrieved Text: Wind direction and velocity have significant influence on crop growth.
Wind increases the turbulence in atmosphere, thus increasing the supply of carbon dioxide to the plants resulting in greater photosynthesis rates.
Wind alters the balance of hormones.
Wind increases the ethylene production in barley and rice.
Wind decreases gibberillic acid content of roots and shoots in rice.
Increases transpiration especially cuticular transpiration than stomatal transpiration.
Hot wind accelerates the drying of the plants by replacing humid air by dry air in the inter cellular spaces. For example, rice crop during June-July months shows tip drying.
Wind increases turbulence in the atmosphere and availability of CO2 and thereby increased photosynthesis.
Beyond a certain wind speed the rate of photosynthesis becomes constant.
(iv) Crops and trees with shallow roots are uprooted.
Shelter belts and wind breaks: Refers to growing trees and tall crops across the direction of prevailing wind to reduce the physiological and mechanical damage to crops. Wind breaks reduces the wind velocity and creates favourable microclimate.
Adjusting the direction of planting.
Providing support to the tall crops (eg) Banana.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.930603
Retrieved Text: Water use efficiency (WUE), defined as the ratio of gross primary productivity and evapotranspiration at the ecosystem scale, is a critical variable linking the carbon and water cycles. Incorporating a dependency on vapor pressure deficit, apparent underlying WUE (uWUE) provides a better indicator of how terrestrial ecosystems respond to environmental changes than other WUE formulations. Here we used 20th century simulations from four terrestrial biosphere models to develop a novel variance decomposition method. With this method, we attributed variations in apparent uWUE to both the trend and interannual variation of environmental drivers. The secular increase in atmospheric CO2 explained a clear majority of total variation (6632%: meanone standard deviation), followed by positive trends in nitrogen deposition and climate, as well as a negative trend in land use change. In contrast, interannual variation was mostly driven by interannual climate variability. To analyze the mechanism of the CO2 effect, we partitioned the apparent uWUE into the transpiration ratio (transpiration over evapotranspiration) and potential uWUE. The relative increase in potential uWUE parallels that of CO2, but this direct CO2 effect was offset by 204% by changes in ecosystem structure, that is, leaf area index for different vegetation types. However, the decrease in transpiration due to stomatal closure with rising CO2 was reduced by 84% by an increase in leaf area index, resulting in small changes in the transpiration ratio. CO2 concentration thus plays a dominant role in driving apparent uWUE variations over time, but its role differs for the two constituent components: potential uWUE and transpiration.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.095
Retrieved Text: The Smart VPD controls Humidifiers/De-humidifiers & Heaters in the growroom. It optimises ‘Vapour Pressure Deficit’ in order to ensure plants are transpiring at the optimum rate during all stages of growth. Built on AEI technology, the controller will adapt and learn to work with the users individual set-up, taking into account other grow room equipment and their overall effect on the environment. Connects to the Multifan for ultimate grow room environment control!
VPD (Vapour Pressure Deficit) is an advanced method of measuring the affect your grow-room’s environment has on your plants. Relative humidity (RH) and temperature are the main factors involved in measuring VPD, and as an indoor grower it is important to develop an understanding of what humidity is, how temperature effects humidity and how both of these factors affect our plants.
Vapour Pressure Deficit is the difference (deficit) between how much water the air can hold when saturated (100% RH) and how much water the air is currently holding. Simply put, this is the difference between the vapour pressure of the air in the grow-room compared with the vapour pressure of the plants leaf. It is the difference between these vapour pressures “The VPD” that dictates rates of transpiration and nutrient uptake. Vapour pressure can be measured in any unit of pressure but is generally expressed in Kilopascals (KPa) or Millibar (Mbar).
Water is used as a coolant by the plant. As it evaporates from the leaf through the stomata (tiny mouth like holes under the leaf) water exits the leaf, taking heat away from the plant.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.043499
Retrieved Text: Tipburn is characterized by browning of the margins of young, maturing leaves in head and leaf lettuces. The brown area may be limited to a few small spots at or near the leaf margin, or the entire edge of the leaf may be affected. Many pinpoint necrotic areas along the margin may give that tissue a speckled appearance. Brown veins may occur near the brown lesions.
Tipburn is a result of calcium deficiencies in growing tissue, which can occur even if calcium levels in the soil are adequate. Calcium is important for cell wall strength and membrane integrity. Calcium mostly moves in the transpirational flow in the plant, therefore, the highest concentration of calcium is in outer leaves where higher level of transpiration occurs.
Tipburn is rarely the result of low soil calcium, but more commonly is due to water stress and low evapotranspiration (ET) that causes transient deficiency of calcium in rapidly expanding leaf tissue.
Head formation reduces transpiration in the inner leaves of iceberg lettuce. Inner leaves of head lettuce or leaf lettuces transpire less than outer leaves and are more likely to develop tipburn.
Rapid growth creates conditions for the development of tipburn.
Low evapotranspiration (ET) due to weather conditions like fog reduces transpiration in leaf lettuces.
Soil water stress can also reduce the transport of calcium to the plant.
Cultivars vary in their susceptibility to tipburn. In areas and seasons in which tipburn is likely to occur, use resistant cultivars. Foliar sprays of calcium have reduced tipburn in studies in which the nutrient is applied directly to the tissue;

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.61556
Retrieved Text: On August 23-25, 2010 clusters were damaged by weather conditions that at first seemed to be a typical summer heat spike but turned out to be quite different. High temperatures coupled with low relative humidity provided conditions that caused more fruit damage then in “normal” heat spikes. Not every vineyard had heat damaged fruit, and in those vineyards that did, sunburn and/or desiccation varied considerably. Fortunately, such weather conditions are rare in the North Coast.
There was usually – but not consistently – a clear association of cluster exposure with severity of damage. For most growers, fruit in blocks with north-south rows suffered more damage than in other blocks. In general, clusters exposed to direct light either in late morning or afternoon were partially or completely damaged. Damage on exposed faces of clusters was obvious within 24 hours as berries collapsed and turned off-color. About 10 days later damage to the rachis became apparent in clusters that initially appeared undamaged, at which time pedicles and portions of the rachis were dead.
Some exceptions to this scenario were blocks that received ample water because they are in well drained sites or shallow clay soil and managers kept to the normal water application schedule in spite of the cool season. A few growers turned on sprinklers during the warmest periods of the day to initiate evaporative cooling and reduce temperatures inside the vineyard to reduce heat damage.
Mild temperatures coupled with dense, wet canopies increased the incidence of powdery mildew and Botrytis infections. As a result, in late July and early

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.191483
Retrieved Text: The air conditioning system in your car is nothing more than a heat pump. Low pressure vapor leaves the compressor as high pressure vapor; the condenser removes the heat from the high pressure vapor and becomes a high pressure liquid. From here it will pass through an orifice/expansion valve to reduce the pressure of the liquid to pass through the evaporator. At this point, the vapor becomes very cold. The cold air passes through an accumulator then back to the compressor to begin the entire cycle again. Your system will either have a drier after the condensor or an accumulator after the evaporator. A drier system uses an expansion valve and an accumulator system uses an orifice valve.
Generally, if there is a problem with your condensor, it may be best to have it replaced, rather than opting for the less expensive flush. Be certain to replace your condensor with an equivalent model as they are not all created equal! Rest assured that Everett Air Conditioning Service only uses parts manufactured specifically for every car they service.
Occasionally, you may develop a freon leak in your air conditioning system. That being the case, your mechanic will check for oil leaks as well. It is essential that a leak be repaired to eliminate freon leaking. When replacing freon, never mix types!
Other problems you may encounter with your car’s air conditioning is compressor failure. This a replacement that should be done by a certified mechanic.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.117764
Retrieved Text: Leaf gas exchange, transpiration, water potential and xylem water flow measurements were used in order to investigate the daily water balance of intact, naturally growing, adult Larix and Picea trees without major injury. The total daily water use of the tree was very similar when measured as xylem water flow at breast height or at the trunk top below the shade branches, or as canopy transpiration by a porometer or gas exchange chamber at different crown positions. The average canopy transpiration is about 12% lower than the transpiration of a single twig in the sun crown of Larix and Picea. Despite the similarity in daily total water flows there are larger differences in the actual daily course. Transpiration started 2 to 3 h earlier than the xylem water flow and decreased at noon before the maximum xylem water flow was reached, and stopped in the evening 2 to 3 h earlier than the water flow though the stem. The daily course of the xylem water flow was very similar at the trunk base and top below the lowest branches with shade needles. The difference in water efflux from the crown via transpiration and the water influx from the trunk is caused by the use of stored water. The specific capacitance of the crown wood was estimated to be 4.7 x 10-8 and 6.3 x 10-8 kg kg-1 Pa-1 and the total amount of available water storage was 17.8 and 8.7 kg, which is 24% and 14% of the total daily transpiration in Larix and Picea respectively.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.055256
Retrieved Text: The semiarid region of the Loess Plateau in China is characterized by its fragile ecosystems. Soil erosion and water shortage are major factors influencing the ecology and hydrology of vegetation in this area. For proper management of watershed ecosystems, quantification of water use by major vegetation types is needed. We used Granier-type thermal dissipation probes in a black locust (Robinia pseudoacacia) plantation, and up-scaled stand transpiration from individual measurements of stem sap flow. Stand transpiration water use during the growing seasons of 2008–2010 was estimated based on measured sap flux densities and sapwood areas. Seasonal and interannual variations were observed in stand-scale transpiration. Within a monthly time scale, water use by daily transpiration was correlated with daily solar radiation and daytime average vapor pressure deficit. The monthly changes in stand transpiration were mainly correlated with changes in leaf area index, and with mean daytime vapor pressure deficit, solar radiation and potential evapotranspiration at lower significance. A positive relationship between stand transpiration and soil moisture conditions was detected at an annual scale but not at a monthly scale. Precipitation did not show a clear correlation with stand transpiration at either seasonal or annual timescale. The results suggest that while the stand transpiration is controlled by multiple factors, those contributing to a significant difference vary with time-scales. Some factors (e.g. soil moisture) may only be detected upon long-term observations.
GB/T 7714 Zhang,JG,Guan,JH,Shi,WY,et al. Interannual variation in stand transpiration estimated by sapflow measurement in a semi-arid black locust plantation, LoessPlateau, China[J]. Ecohydrology,2014,8(1):137-147.
APA Zhang,JG,Guan,JH,Shi,WY,Yamanaka,N,&Du,S.(2014).Interannual variation in stand transpiration estimated by sapflow

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.031757
Retrieved Text: Water is lost from a plant more rapidly on a hot, dry day.
This GCSE Biology quiz is all about transpiration. Transpiration is the process by which plants transport water upwards against the pull of gravity and it is made possible by water loss due to evaporation.
The minerals that a plant needs are carried through it dissolved in water that has come from the ground. Plants have no pump like the heart that could move the water through them and so they have evolved a different method of transporting fluids - transpiration.
Leaves contain spongy and palisade cells. Water on the surface of these evaporates and leaves the leaves by diffusion. Water is then drawn out of the xylem cells within the leaves to replace water lost by this evaporation. The xylem cells form continuous tubes down to the roots and, as water is lost from the leaves, more is drawn up from the roots - rather like when you drink through a drinking straw. Transpiration is continuous and so there is a slow but continuous flow of water through the xylem tubes.
You are expected to know the factors that affect transpiration rate for the exams. Most of it is just common sense - anything that changes the speed of water loss to evaporation will affect transpiration - changes in temperature, humidity and the speed of the wind blowing over the leaves. One factor that is less obvious is light. When the light is bright, the stomata open more so that more carbon dioxide can enter the leaves

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.914812
Retrieved Text: Hydrology Research (2017) 49 (4): 1005-1015.
The hydrological process of evapotranspiration (ET) plays an important role in water circulation in wetlands, and understanding the contributions of wetland ET to local and regional water cycles can help in designing effective wetland management strategies. In this paper, a numerical model, vegetation indexes, and stable isotopes were integrated to partition ET in the Momoge Wetland to understand hydrological processes and calculate the contribution of wetland ET to local hydrological cycling. The results of the non-steady state (NSS) model indicated clear deviation of leaf water enrichment (δLb) from an isotopic steady state (ISS) for Phragmites australis, and the model accuracy improved particularly in the early morning and evening when air moisture was highest during the day. The isotopic mass balance showed that E and T contributed approximately 62% and 38% to ET, respectively. Using the estimated proportion of T to ET, in combination for the measured leaf transpiration, total ET was estimated at approximately 8.76 mm d−1. Additionally, the amount of ET clearly changed on an hourly scale, with most primarily occurring at approximately noon. Based on comparison among internationally important wetlands distributed in northeast China, the results in this study are reasonable and will provide theoretical data for wetland water resources management.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.852938
Retrieved Text: Explain the transpiration pull theory.
It is the pulling force responsible for lifting the water column. As water is lost in form of water vapour to atmosphere from the mesophyll cells by transpiration, a negative hydrostatic pressure is created in the mesophyll cells which in turn draw water from veins of the leaves.
The negative tension is then gradually transmitted downwards via xylem tissues of the leaf, stem and finally to the roots. As a result there is a continuous upward movement of water column in the plant. 1 atm. pressure can raise water to a height of more than 32ft. So a tension of 13 atm is needed to raise water to a height of 416 feet, scientist have measured this tension to be more than 75 atm. in case of trees, more than 400 feet in height.
Thus the transpiration pull acts as pull from above on the-whole of water column of the plant which pushes the water column of xylem vessels of roots lowers leaves i.e. in an upward direction. This is how ascent of sap is affected in plants.
This is a force developed due to transpiration. This pull causes mesophyll cells to loose water and their DPD increase. This leads to absorption of water from adjoining cells. This continues and water is transmitted from one cell to another creating a force or pull which is responsible for pulling the continuous water column formed due to adhesion and cohesion in xylem.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.84382
Retrieved Text: Vapor Gard is a water emulsifiable organic concentrate for use on plants to reduce water transpiration.
Vapor Gard is a water emulsifiable organic concentrate for use on plants to reduce water transpiration. The soft, flexible film formed after the spray application dries, will significantly reduce moisture lost by the plant foliage.
All anti-transpirant spray applications must be applied for full coverage. Spray Vapor Gard for full coverage or use as a dip. No additional spreader is needed with Vapor Gard. Apply Vapor Gard at least one hour, during daylight, before an anticipated rain. Sunlight for this time period, is needed for the protective film to set. Vapor Gard dries on plants to form a clear, glossy film which retards normal moisture loss without interfering with plant growth or nomad respiration. Vapor Gard beautifies plants by polishing leaf surfaces.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.761755
Retrieved Text: A spun polyester door or living room rug that is designed to look like a giant banana leaf. It measures 70x140cm. A very unique home idea that is fresh, creative and interesting. One of the best thing about this rug is that it is machine washable. Rugs often get dirty very fast and can be difficult to clean so you will love that it is easy to keep this one looking and smelling great. designed not to fade or shrink as long as it is air dried, not suitable to go in the drier.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.710934
Retrieved Text: The Erythrina Gall Wasp is an exotic pest of the Wiliwili tree. Common tree names include tigers claw, Indian coral tree and Wiliwili-haole.
It was first discovered in Hawaii in 2005. Populations of Wili-Wili or Erythrina occur in Hawaii, California and Florida. EGW completes its life cycle in as little as 21 days. It is a destructive, exotic pest that may kill trees in as little as two years. If trees are at risk of EGW infestation, inspect trees on a regular basis, especially the new foliage. Look for swelling (galls) in leaf tissue and in twigs. It is our recommendation to treat to protect trees in advance of an infestation or as soon as possible following EGW detection.
Erythrina Gall Wasp is an exotic leaf and twig galling wasp that attacks Wili-Wili trees. The developing EGW larvae induces galls in tender leaf and stem tissue. Unchecked infestations cause leaf deformation, reduction in growth, defoliation and tree death.
Research studies were conducted independently in Hawaii by the University of Hawaii and the USFS to evaluate the efficacy of Arborjet’s IMA-jet (5 % imidacloprid) systemic insecticide for treatment of Erythrina Gall Wasp. Trees that were systemically treated with IMA-jet effectively controlled EGW in both the ornamental landscape and in native, dry upland sites.
For optimum results, apply IMA-jet prior to infestation. Also apply when insects are infesting and feeding upon the tree. IMA-jet insecticide moves upward into the tree’s canopy from the application sites. Systemic activity occurs only after the active ingredient is translocated upward in the tree. This product must

================



======= Instance Index 36 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are more powerful or less powerful. ):

The more cylinders a car engine has, the more powerful its engine can be.


Tommy traded in his four-cylinder Pinto for an eight-cylinder Mustang. The Pinto engine was more powerful or less powerful.?

Target Text: less powerful.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 59.32755
Retrieved Text: Ford Mustang II. 1974–8 (prod. 1,116,199). 2-door coupé, 2-door fastback. F/R, 2302 cm³ (I4 OHC), 2792 cm³ (V6 OHV), 4949 cm³ (V8 OHV). An attempt to get back to basics. Bulk of 1973 Mustang discarded; all-new model returned to sensible size. Styling inspired by model from Ghia of Italy. Lee Iacocca, now Ford president, targeted the segment heading to smaller cars such as its own Capri and the Toyota Celica (A20); the fact the Mustang II came out in the wake of the first fuel crisis was fortuitous. Four-cylinder engine considered weak; no V8s till 1975 (the classic 302 in³ unit); car needed structural changes to accommodate the V8. Heavy, cramped (shorter wheelbase than Celica, but longer overall), not that great a handler, and ignored by many collectors, though it has its own 1970s’ style and was incredibly successful for Ford in its early years. Emphasis on luxury in Ghia models, as Iacocca saw the II as a ‘little jewel’, built to high standards. Some Mustang features found their way into the Pinto. Cobra II trim in 1976, T-top in 1977, King Cobra in 1978, though more style over substance in all these cases.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 58.284855
Retrieved Text: 1968 6 cyl wiring diagram mustang Read our full review on the 2018 ford mustang. The camaro which was born two years after the mustang became fords nemesis and a legend in its own right. Originally the camaro came equipped with A supplied wiring harness requires the user splice just four wires the go efi 22154 dual quad setup fit nicely on our indy cylinder head mod man intake manifold and incorporates our existing Available as a coupe or a hatchback the mustang ii relied on either the corporate 2.3 liter four cylinder pinto engine or a version of the stalwart 2.8 liter cologne v 6 to provide lukewarm.
1968 6 cyl wiring diagram mustang On top of it is a lycoming o 320 a 200 plus pound four cylinder aircraft and electrical wiring are more or less completed and its time to start the engines. Fuel is added to both tanks but So lets do that and see what we find. What about the prices of single family houses according to the census bureau the median price for a new house in 1968 was around 25000 about 185000 in 2018 That makes todays junkyard treasure a 1968 beetle in a denver self service yard one of these engines will run on one cylinder if necessary. Yes i bought the radio. Worth it for 10 bucks. Photo.
1968 6 cyl wiring diagram mustang One of my favorite parts of building the car was figuring out the wiring. Labeling all the wires looking through wiring diagrams and matching everything

########
Rank: 2
Score: 50.631207
Retrieved Text: As with the original (1969-1974) Capri series 2000 (2 litre) and 3000 (3 litre) versions topped the new Capri II range. The 2000 models now used an in-line four cylinder "Pinto" engine in place of the original V4 unit. A number of trim levels were available on both the 2 litre and 3 litre models including "S" and Ghia versions.
The Capri 2000 and 3000 used same new bodyshell as the rest of the revised range. This new shell incorporated the hatchback boot, square headlights and larger tail-lamp clusters which modernised the original lines. The Capri was now a firmly established best seller and sales remained strong enough to update the Capri again in 1978 with the arrival of the Capri III.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 48.061882
Retrieved Text: 11 pictures (10 cars) found: year of "1967", view of "engine", options of "T-code"
(from page 3 of the 1967 Collection) The engine that came as standard equipment on the Mustang was this 120hp in-line 6-cylinder.
(from page 7 of the 1967 Collection) Standard 1967, 120hp (at 4400rpm), 200 cubic inch, 1 barrel, inline 6 cylinder engine.
(from page 9 of the 1967 Collection) Nicely restored 1967, Ford, Mustang, T-code, 200 cubic inch, 6 cylinder engine with with chrome accents. The chrome air cleaner cover was part of the 200 Sport Sprint package.
(from page 12 of the 1967 Collection) 1967 Mustang standard T-code 120hp (at 4400rpm), 200 cubic inch, 1 barrel, inline six engine. This was the base engine for 1967 Mustangs.
(from page 13 of the 1967 Collection) The 1967 Mustang base level, T-code, 120hp (at 4400rpm), 200ci, inline 6 cylinder engine.
(from page 16 of the 1967 Collection) The 1967, Mustang, base, T-code, 120hp (at 4400rpm), 200 cubic inch, inline 6 cylinder engine with the Sprint optioned chrome air cleaner.
(from page 16 of the 1967 Collection) Another view of the 1967, Mustang, base, T-code, 120hp (at 4400rpm), 200 cubic inch, inline 6 cylinder engine with the Sprint optioned chrome air cleaner.
(from page 18 of the 1967 Collection) The 1967, Mustang, T-code, base 200 cubic inch, 120hp (at 4400rpm), 1 barrel, inline 6 cylinder engine which was the engine for the Sprint special model. The Sprint options package which promoted this base engine included a chrome air filter cleaner with a "Sports Sprint" sticker.
(from page 20 of the 1967 Collection)

########
Rank: 4
Score: 47.7681
Retrieved Text: You know how we're always bitching and moaning about how Europe gets cooler cars than we do? If these reports are accurate, then there's one more we can add to that list: a turbocharged four-cylinder Ford Mustang with 300 horsepower.
Reports this morning have surfaced from Edmunds and Autocar that say the redesigned 2015 Ford Mustang (or 2014.5 Mustang, we're not sure yet) will get a 2.3-liter turbocharged Ecoboost engine based on the 2.0-liter motor in the Ford Focus ST. The larger displacement means a boost of about 50 horses.
The four-cylinder engine is not expected to be offered to Mustang buyers in the U.S. The small four-cylinder engine will be offered to European buyers as a more economical, low-emissions alternative to the V8 engine in the Mustang, which is likely to be highly taxed in Europe. European buyers who feel that a Mustang should only have a V8 engine will be offered that as well.
Astute Mustang scholars will recall that this setup sounds awfully similar to the Mustang SVO from the 1980s, which also had a 2.3-liter turbo four and has become something of a coveted classic today.
How do we feel about this, Jalops? Are we mad we won't be getting the neo-SVO, or are the V6 and V8 good enough for us Americans?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 47.725956
Retrieved Text: Four cylinder engines became popular in the 1970s and 1980s, primarily because of several major gasoline shortages. Prior to that, American manufacturers traditionally offered V6 and V8 engines in their cars as American consumers were accustomed to powerful, gas consuming cars.
It wasn’t until Toyota and Honda imported “econo boxes” into this country, starting in the 1970s, did American manufacturers realize that they had better change their thinking regarding engine size and fuel economy. Toyota introduced the Corolla and Camry and Honda countered with their Accord and Civic. The “sub-compact” Toyotas and Hondas all came with small block, lightweight 4-cylinder engines.
The Toyotas and Hondas were extremely popular, and, within a few years, captured up to 30% of the American auto market. Their cars were in demand because they offered consumers an alternative from the large, heavy gas guzzling V6 and V8 cars that were the only cars on the market up until this time. The imported Toyotas, Hondas, and Nissans were very reliable, low maintenance and, because of their small 4-cylinder engines, were much more fuel efficient and they were fun to drive!
Because of the tremendous sales gains of the imported cars in the 70s, 80s, and 90s, GM, Ford and Chrysler revamped their small car line-ups to compete. Chevrolet introduced the Vega, Citation, Chevette and Cavalier. Ford came out with the Pinto and the Maverick, while Chrysler offered the Plymouth Valiant. What do these new American made cars have in common? One, they were more compact in size and two, they all featured small displacement, more

########
Rank: 6
Score: 47.660282
Retrieved Text: Ford and Chevy both offer entry-level versions of their iconic muscle cars.
The Mustang has a 310-horsepower EcoBoost turbocharged four-cylinder engine, while the Camaro has a smaller 275-horsepower motor, also turbocharged.
The Mustang was the clear winner in this contest.
Ford and Chevy have for decades been locked in a battle for muscle-car supremacy.
The Mustang arrived in 1965, the Camaro in ’67. The fight hasn’t let up since.
Both automakers offer big, powerful versions of their flagship muscle cars. But they also know that not everybody wants a massive V8 engine, which is what makes a muscle car a muscle car. So they offer less stonking versions of the ‘Stang and the mullet mobile, each with a turbocharged powerplant.
OK, they aren’t really true muscle cars – they’re more like mini muscles. But they’re lots of fun, and given advancements in technology, they’re not at all underpowered or unimpressive, even if they ultimately aren’t as rewarding as proper muscle cars.
We tried the turbo Camaro last year. In 2018, we jumped behind the wheel of the turbo Mustang. Here’s how it all went down.
First up is the Camaro.
The Camaro was Chevy’s 1960s response to the Mustang. Here’s a rude 1968 model.
Danielle Muoio, a former transportation reporter for Business Insider, checked out the turbo Camaro in 2017.
The fastback design is very Camaro.
The fascia is borderline hostile.
Our test car had a 275-horsepower, 2.0-liter, four-cylinder turbocharged engine.
That famous gold bowtie badge is remarkably subdued on the front grille.
The Camaro starts at $30,405, but options like the eight-speed automatic transmission (yes, this Camaro can be had

########
Rank: 7
Score: 47.18654
Retrieved Text: 6 pictures (6 cars) found: year of "1978", view of "engine", options of "Y-code"
(from page 3 of the 1978 Collection) The 1978 Mustang base, Y-code, 95hp (at 4000rpm), 2.3 liter (140 cubic inch), 2 barrel, 4 cylinder engine. You can just see the original light aqua blue paint on side engine compartment side.
(from page 8 of the 1978 Collection) Front view of the 1978, Mustang, Y-code, 93hp (at 4000rpm), 140 cubic inch (2.3 liter), 2 barrel, 4 cylinder engine.
(from page 9 of the 1978 Collection) The 1978, Mustang, entry level, Y-code, 93hp (at 4000rpm), 140 cubic inch (2.3 liter), 2 barrel, 4 cylinder engine.
(from page 16 of the 1978 Collection) The smallest of the engines offered on the Mustang in 1978 was this 4-cylinder. It had 2.3 liter displacement and 140 horsepower.
(from page 16 of the 1978 Collection) The engine is an in-line 4-cylinder version.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 46.981487
Retrieved Text: Ford Pintos, designed with a rear fuel tank, were notoriously dubbed "the barbecue that seats four." The 1971 Ford Pinto fastback coupe is shown here.
Leading the 1970 line were modestly facelifted full-size Fords with "poke-through" center grille sections on LTDs and XLs, plus revamped rear ends on all models. Four series were offered: Custom, Galaxie 500, XL, and LTD. The sporty XLs were in their final year. Luxury was further emphasized with a new LTD Brougham hardtop coupe, hardtop sedan, and four-door sedan.
Broughams also featured in the 1970 Torino line, which shared new exterior panels "shaped by the wind" with a three-model Fairlane 500 series. Wheelbase grew an inch; profiles were lower and five inches longer. The Torino Cobra returned as Ford's "budget muscle car" with standard 360/375-bhp 429 V-8. It was a blistering performer and its new hardtop body with concave backlight was distinctive, but hot-car demand was fast-waning everywhere, and only 7675 were built for the model year.
Ford scored much higher 1970 sales with its new compact Maverick, a semifastback two-door on a 103-inch wheelbase. Introduced in early '69, Maverick was much like the original Falcon in size, price, performance, and simplicity; even its basic chassis and powertrain were the same. Arriving just below $2000 and backed by an aggressive but light-hearted ad campaign, this import-fighter scored an impressive 579,000 model-year sales, contributing greatly to Ford's production ­victory over Chevy.
Bolstering Maverick's appeal for '71 was a notchback four-door on a 109.9-inch wheelbase (almost the same as the original Falcon's), a sportier two-door called Grabber,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 46.721313
Retrieved Text: Toyota 86 vs Ford Mustang Ecoboost: Who builds the best four-cylinder rear-drive coupe?
The Ford Mustang Ecoboost is having a bit of trouble. Australia is going slightly Mustang mad, but virtually all the adulation is centred on the big, bad V8.
If the GT is the full forward on the high school footy team, the Ecoboost is the geeky younger brother in chess club; with only half the number of cylinders to offer, it’s lacking a little street cred among the enthusiast crowd, one particularly witty friend on Facebook even dubbing it ‘Mustang Silly’.
The scepticism is easy to understand. Ford first introduced a four-cylinder Mustang in 1974 in response to the oil crisis – with a 66kW 2.3-litre four-pot lifted from the Pinto, it had about as much muscle as Arnold Schwarzenegger’s little finger.
But while it’s easy to poke fun at this ‘faux Pony’, what’s often forgotten is that Mustang II was well received by the media and a massive sales success. It was “the right car at the right time” and with another energy crisis looming, perhaps an Ecoboost Mustang is exactly what we need?
Certainly the mechanical specification is a bit healthier this time around. As with its 1974 predecessor, the engine is a 2.3-litre four-cylinder, but thanks to a turbocharger and plenty of 21st century technology it produces almost four times the power: 233kW at 5600rpm and 432Nm at 3000rpm. Combined with a $45,990 price tag (auto adds $2500) the four-pot Mustang offers an impressive amount of bang for your buck.
So impressive, in fact, that finding

########
Rank: 10
Score: 46.576694
Retrieved Text: More power and more go-fast goodies for screaming 'Stang.
The four-cylinder turbo makes now makes 246kW/475Nm.
Out back, the Mustang gets quad-tipped exhausts.
The EcoBoost can be paired with either a 10-speed auto or six-speed manual.
We’ve finally got the full skinny on Ford’s new entry-level performance Mustang, with the Blue Oval unveiling its EcoBoost High Performance model on the eve of the NY Motor Show.
The new High Performance ‘Stang still packs a 2.3-litre, four-cylinder engine (this one borrowed from the brand’s Focus RS hot hatch), which unlocks 246kW and 475Nm - up from the 224kW and 441Nm on offer in the standard car.
Now we should point out that's still less power than the Focus RS, but Ford in the USA classifies that as a hot hatch, hence its claim that the Mustang is the "the most powerful four-cylinder sports car offered by an American automaker".
The new (and more affordable) performance rung on the Mustang ladder began as a five-person skunkworks project, with engineers “experimenting” with an RS engine swap. Some 10 months later the EcoBoost High Performance was born.
The extra urge is complements of a larger twin-scroll turbocharger, and there's a new radiator and the a new engine calibration to partner with the Mustang’s 10-speed automatic or, happily, the car's six-speed manual.
The result is a claimed sprint to 100km/h in the “mid-four-second range”, and a flying top speed of 250km/h.
“The Ford Performance Focus RS 2.3-litre engine is a high-revving marvel, and anyone who’s driven this EcoBoost engine instantly loves how quickly it responds and delivers power,” says Mustang chief

########
Rank: 11
Score: 46.347042
Retrieved Text: Semon Emil "Bunkie" Knudsen, (October 2, 1912 in Buffalo, New York – July 6, 1998 in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan), was a prominent American automobile executive.
Knudsen was the son of former General Motors President, and Army three-star general William S. Knudsen. Although close with his father, he was not spoiled. He was interested in mechanical things, particularly automobiles. When he asked for a car as a teenager, his father gave him one in pieces, which he had to assemble. He pursued an engineering education, graduating from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1936.
Knudsen began working for General Motors in 1939 with Pontiac Division and rose to management quickly, becoming general manager of the Detroit Diesel Division in 1955, a vice-president of the company and general manager of Pontiac Division in 1956.
When appointed head of Pontiac, he was given the mission to improve the marque's sales. At that time Pontiac had a reliable but stodgy image. Knudsen brought in Pete Estes from Oldsmobile as chief engineer and hired John DeLorean away from Packard to be his assistant, with the assignment to create high performance versions of Pontiac's existing models. The Pontiac Bonneville and the "wide-track Pontiacs" came from this effort. Pontiac became heavily involved in NASCAR racing under Knudsen. Pontiac's new-found performance image eventually led to a dramatic rise in new car sales with the division reaching to third place in industry standings by 1962. In 1961, Knudsen submitted a request to add a new personal-luxury car to his division's lineup to better compete with the Ford Thunderbird

########
Rank: 12
Score: 46.24604
Retrieved Text: Below are just a few of the more than 100 vehicles in the collection which are on display in the museum.
Six-cylinder in-line engine, single overhead camshaft, 7982 cc, 144 hp at 2500 rpm.
Six-cylinder in-line engine, single overhead camshaft, 7272 cc, 95 hp at 1800 rpm.
Four-cylinder in-line engine, 3620 cc (220.9 cubic inches), 64 hp at 2300 rpm.
Flat-four air-cooled engine, mounted midship, twin overhead camshafts, 1697 cc, 170 hp at 7800 rpm.
Flat-eight air-cooled engine, mounted midship, twin overhead camshafts, 1982 cc, 210 hp at 8200 rpm.
Flat four air-cooled engine, mounted midship, twin overhead camshafts, 1679 cc, 183 hp.
Flat-four air-cooled engine, mounted midship, twin overhead camshafts, 1498 cc, 150 hp at 8200 rpm.
Flat-four air-cooled engine, rear-mounted, twin overhead camshafts, 1587 cc, 135 hp at 6500 rpm.
Flat-twelve air-cooled engine, mounted midship, twin overhead camshafts, fuel injected, 4494 cc, 580 hp at 8400 rpm.
Flat-six air-cooled engine, rear mounted, single overhead camshaft, 1991 cc, 210 hp at 8000 rpm.
Flat-six air-cooled engine, single overhead camshaft, fuel injected, 1991 cc, 220 hp at 8000 rpm.
Flat-eight air-cooled engine, mounted midship, twin overhead camshafts, fuel-injected, 2997 cc, 350 hp at 8400 rpm.
Two liter (1966cc), twin overhead camshaft, Flat four, air cooled engine mounted midship, 180 hp at 7000rpm.
Flat-four, air-cooled engine, mounted midship, twin overhead camshafts, 1498 cc, 135 hp at 7200 rpm.
Eight-cylinder L-head in-line engine, nine main bearings, 384 cubic inches, 106 hp at 3200 rpm.
Four-cylinder in-line engine, T-head, 597 cubic inches, 60 hp at 1200 rpm.
Eight‐cylinder in‐line engine, single overhead camshaft, three valves per cylinder (two inlet, one outlet), Roots type supercharger 2261 cc

########
Rank: 13
Score: 45.9444
Retrieved Text: 2007 Mustang Clutch Master Cylinder. welcome to my blog here I will show you a little more what you are looking for 2007 Mustang Clutch Master Cylinder below there are some photos and a little about 2007 Mustang Clutch Master Cylinder that you can see and read, hopefully in accordance with what you are looking for.
#2007 mustang clutch master cylinder forum, #2010 mustang clutch master cylinder location, #manual clutch master cylinder.#mustang engine.#ford ranger clutch master cylinder.#mustang water pump.#mustang power steering control valve.#s2000 clutch master cylinder.#2014 mustang clutch master cylinder.#mustang speedometer.#mustang fuel pump.#pt cruiser clutch master cylinder.#neon clutch master cylinder.#2004 mustang clutch master cylinder.#jeep tj clutch master cylinder.#mustang hoods.#mustang rear suspension.#mustang intake manifold.#mustang starter.#jeep yj clutch master cylinder.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 45.28852
Retrieved Text: The Ford Pinto was Ford’s first domestic subcompact car. It was marketed in 1970 with competitors being the AMC Gremlin, Chevrolet Vega and imports from Volkswagen, Datsun and Toyota. It was a very popular car with 100,000 units delivered by January 1971. A version produced under the Lincoln Mercury name was called the Bobcat.
The Pinto used powertrains proven in Europe but the Vega had an innovative aluminum engine that caused problems. Robert Eidschun’s design of the exterior of the Pinto was chosen which was unusual because most cars consist of style elements from many designers. The Ford Pinto offered an inline 4 engine and bucket seats. And entry level Pinto was $1,850 which made it the cheapest Ford since 1958.
Seating in the Pinto was low to the floor compared to the imports. Body styles were the two door coupe, a hatchback called the Runabout and a two door station wagon. A top of the line Pinto Squire had faux wood sides. Road & Track magazine did not the suspension and standard drum brakes but loved the 1.6 L Kent engine. The Pinto was available with a choice of two engines and Ford changed the power ratings practically every year. The Ford Pinto Pangra is a modified sporting Pinto produced by Huntington Ford in California and only 55 were sold in 1973.
The Ford Pinto is most well known for it’s design problem that allowed the fuel tank to be easily damaged in a rear end collision. Deadly fires and explosions were common occurrences in rear end collisions.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 45.216465
Retrieved Text: The 2015 Ford Mustang EcoBoost represents a huge change for the Blue Oval as the first pony car in decades to be available with a four-cylinder engine. But a recent tweet (below) from Road & Track raised our curiosity about the new vehicle. Editor Jason Cammisa pulled a fuse while driving the latest 'Stang with the 2.3-liter EcoBoost engine, and he found that both the stereo and engine went quiet in the cabin. That indicated the coupe might have some form of artificial engine sound being piped in - a feature not previously heavily reported for the model. Autoblog spoke with Ford engineer Shawn Carney who confirmed that only the turbocharged four-cylinder Mustang comes with this system, called Active Noise Control.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 44.271526
Retrieved Text: Also check out the index of the book 11 pictures (10 cars) found: options of "U-code"
(from page 1 of the 1964 Collection) There is the standard equipment 6-cylinder engine under the hood.
(from page 2 of the 1964 Collection) This is 170ci 6-cylinder engine that comes as standard equipment with the 1964 Mustang.
(from page 3 of the 1964 Collection) This Mustang still has it's original 170ci 6-cylinder engine. It puts out 105 horsepower and still gets 30-35 miles per gallon on the highway.
(from page 4 of the 1964 Collection) The engine is the base level 170 cubic inch, 6-cylinder. There is lots of room in this engine compartment.
(from page 13 of the 1964 Collection) Check out this in-line 6-cylinder engine. It was rated at 105 horsepower.
(from page 1 of the 2012 Collection) View of the 444 horsepower, 302 cubic inch (5.0 liter), V8 engine with Boss 302 cover and Monte Carlo bar.
(from page 1 of the 2012 Collection) Another view of the 2012, Boss, 302ci, V8 engine.
(from page 2 of the 2012 Collection) Under the hood is the 5.0L (302ci of course) V8 engine.
(from page 8 of the 2012 Collection) Check out the Boss 302, V8 engine rated at 444hp.
(from page 12 of the 2012 Collection) This is a view of the 412hp, 302ci, V8 engine which powers the 2012 Mustang Boss 302.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 44.18179
Retrieved Text: Last week’s video collection of vintage Funny Car clips was met with glee by the Insider faithful, what with all of the vintage fiberglass and dry hops, but it was the clip of the Mickey Thompson/Danny Ongais Mustang that drew the most oohs and aahs, not just for its fine camera work and sound bites from Ongais but for the car itself, surely one of the fabled cars in class history.
As we know, this car, built by John Buttera and Pat Foster with one of the first dragster-style chassis to ever see life beneath a Funny Car body, was powered by a 427 Ford SOHC engine tuned by “Famous Amos” Satterlee and won two of NHRA’s four national events in 1969, the NHRA Springnationals in Dallas (where Tom "the Mongoose" McEwen shelled a rear end on the starting line in the final) and the Nationals in Indy (where Richard Siroonian wasted a great 7.24 performance in “Big John” Mazmanian's candy-apple 'Cuda with a final-round red-light), and had there been a points-based championship back then, they undoubtedly would have won it.
From left, crew chief Amos Satterlee, driver Danny Ongais, chassis builder John Buttera, and team owner Mickey Thompson enjoy the spoils of victory after winning Funny Car at the 1969 March Meet.
Ongais also wheeled the car to victory at the famed March Meet, again beating Mazmanian’s flopper in the final round and setting low e.t. at 7.56.
And therein Thompson’s team saw a problem that they tried to fix by adding airfoils to the top of the car,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 44.08248
Retrieved Text: The story of Ford's original, home-grown small cars, the Mustang II and Pinto. Follow their progress through a difficult decade when Henry took on the imports, battled bureaucracy and gave America the economy and sports luxury subcompacts they wanted.
This book details the successful design, building and sale of these small American Fords that faced domestic and foreign rivals. Mustang II and Pinto went through many permutations, appearance and performance packages - options that have helped the cars become collectible classics, and are prime examples of the decade the pony car survived.
Going beyond stock standard were the customizers and racers that pushed the cars and their designs to the limit. Mustang II and Pinto graced enthusiast car magazine covers, and became stars in TV and films. They were small cars that made a big impact, and kept the Mustang galloping.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 43.64281
Retrieved Text: The amazing Lightning Balanced Engine from Kansas City Hay Press Co.
Tommy Turner's amazing 6 HP circa-1905 Kansas City Hay Press Lightning engine. Portable Lightning engines were unique in that the cart was an integral part of the engine structure.
Detail of the Lightning's incredible timing mechanism, governor and igniter.
E.H. Korsmeyer's 1902 patent focused on timing and igniter details, not the engine's single-cylinder opposed piston and steam induction, the features most obvious to present-day engine collectors.
A set of pistons from a 4 HP Lightning. The front piston is at top, the rear below.
Company: Built by Kansas City Hay Press Co., Kansas City, Mo.
For mechanical engineers, the quest for the perfect-running engine has always been a holy grail of sorts. Even in the earliest days of the internal-combustion engine, engineers worked at designing engines that would do more than simply run. They would be models of perfection, perfectly balanced, delivering power in carefully orchestrated mechanical concert.
Horizontally opposed engines, which effectively cancel out primary engine imbalances, were among the earliest designs to address this basic quest, and manufacturers across the spectrum of engines adopted the design. To this day, the opposed engine is still the prime mover for a number of automotive manufacturers, chief among them are Porsche and Subaru.
But what if you were an engine designer at the dawning of the 20th century, searching for the answer to a smooth-running engine without the complexity of extra cylinders? Current technology applies weighted countershafts to cancel out inherent engine imbalances in single-cylinder and inline engines. For whatever reasons, early engine designers

########
Rank: 20
Score: 43.57973
Retrieved Text: As electric flight has gained in popularity over the years the demand forexciting models has grown too. The Pinto fills that gap nicely with a designthat is both attractive and functional. With a passing resemblance to thefamous P51 Mustang fighter of WWII, the Pinto is bound to appeal to a widevariety of tastes.
As with all of West Wings R/C designs the Pinto uses fully CNC cutcomponents to add both accuracy and speed to the building process. As thismodel has been designed from the start as a sports aerobatic machine, careshould be taken to not add any unnecessary weight during construction. Theselection of wood in this kit has been made to ensure the right combination ofstrength and low weight.
Power is provided by a basic 400 motor, or for those that really wantperformance, a hot 480 or even a Cobalt. With seven cells and a standard 400,performance is sufficient to learn the flight characteristics withoutexcessive speed. A 480 and eight cells really starts to `push the envelope'and experienced pilots can explore the Pinto's true aerobatic potential. Themotor and drive system is not supplied in the kit but can be readily purchasedfrom your local model shop. Because of the higher speed of this design,drive is direct rather than through a gearbox and this in turn helps to savemoney by keeping it simple.
The Pinto has been designed from the outset to use micro R/C gear. Thisequipment used to be hard to come by, but in recent years, affordable microgear has become commonplace and once again, can be found in the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 43.49864
Retrieved Text: arctic-methane-emergency-group.org -Ford Mustang 5 0 2016 The sixth generation Ford Mustang (S550) is the current iteration of the Mustang pony car manufactured by Ford. In departure from prior Mustang models, the sixth generation Mustang includes fully independent rear suspension on all models, as well as an optional 2.3L EcoBoost turbocharged and direct injected four cylinder engine.
Ford Mustang 5 0 2016 g gt fastback sports car. The 2019 Mustang GT Fastback has a 5.0L V8 engine with 435 horsepower and 400 lb.-ft. of torque, New 18-inch High-Gloss Ebony Black-Painted Pockets Wheel & more.
Ford mustang 5.0 v8 gt spec. The Ford Mustang with 5.0 V8 GT engine delivers a top speed of 155mph & 0-62mph in 4.8 seconds! See the features in the 5L V8 Ford Mustang here.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 43.456776
Retrieved Text: The 2011 Mustang will have the same sheet metal as the current version, pictured.
DETROIT -- Despite rising fuel-economy mandates from Washington, the horsepower race among Detroit 3 sporty cars is alive and well.
Ford is offering a 5.0-liter V-8 engine to the 2011 Mustang, up from a 4.6-liter V-8 now. The new engine will deliver 412 hp and 390 pounds-feet of torque, company officials said on Thursday. The 4.6-liter V-8 produces 315 hp and 325 pounds-feet of torque.
The information was supposed to be embargoed until Dec. 28, but news leaked out shortly after the announcement in Dearborn, Mich.
The 5.0-liter Mustang's main competitors are the Chevrolet Camaro SS, rated at 426 hp, and the Dodge Challenger SRT8, which makes 425 hp.
The Mustang's new V-8 features four valves per cylinder and twin independent variable valve timing. Tuned exhaust headers eliminate the need for aftermarket headers to let the engine breath better. Inside the engine are a forged-steel counterweighted crankshaft and high-performance pistons and connecting rods. Peak horsepower is reached at 6,500 rpm.
The new 5.0-liter Mustang can be fitted with an automatic transmission or a six-speed manual.
Meanwhile, Ford will also replace the base V-6 in the 2011 Mustang.
The old 4.0-liter V-6 will be replaced by a 3.7-liter, 305-hp, 24-valve V-6 with double overhead cams. It's the Mustang's first high-performance six-cylinder engine.
The old, rough, 210-hp V-6 -- which has been built in various displacements since the late 1960s -- couldn't compete with the 3.6-liter V-6 in the Camaro.
The base version of the 2011 Ford Mustang, due in the spring, noses ahead

########
Rank: 23
Score: 43.312782
Retrieved Text: Ford mustang gt is back.The 5.0 is back! The 2011 Ford Mustang GT comes with an advanced new 5.0-liter V-8 engine, developed by a group of engineers passionate enthusiasts who gathered around the common goal of delivering over 400 horsepower.
The modern 5.0-liter four-valve double overhead camshaft variable timing independent (Ti-VCT) V-8 engine in the new Ford Mustang GT will offer 412 horsepower and 390 ft.-lb. of torque. At the same time, fuel economy is designed to be better than the previous model and unmatched in the segment.
Many of the engineers of the development team has worked in the motor and the Electrical Engineering building at Dearborn, Mich., campus center of product development. For years I passed in front of the original 5.0-liter V-8 engine Coyote Indy races on display in the lobby, constantly inspired by its mix of legacy, high technology and power.
The development community transmission had long wanted to develop a new 5.0-liter powertrain with strategic discussions since 2000. By 2007, the competitive landscape Mustang was beginning to change, a sign that the time was right to advance the Ford Mustang GT powertrain global levels.
The team began developing the 5.0-liter engine, with the aim of delivering over 400 horsepower, an accelerated timetable for 12 months without compromising reliability, durability, fuel economy, or noise, vibration and harshness ( NVH) control.
"Almost all team members have worked on other programs broadcast high-profile", said V-8 Program Manager Mike Harrison. "Everyone had a clear vision of the work required for their particular component or subsystem. Their passion for cars, racing

########
Rank: 24
Score: 43.201813
Retrieved Text: Justin Bieber's Ferrari was one of many high-profile cars up for auction during the biggest day at Barrett-Jackson.
Justin Bieber's 2011 Ferrari 458 Italia is scheduled for auction at Barrett-Jackson Scottsdale on Saturday, Jan. 21, 2017.
Justin Bieber's famous Ferrari 458 Italia was one of many high-profile cars up for auction at Barrett-Jackson Scottsdale on Saturday, expected to be the biggest day of selling at the weeklong event.
The Canadian pop icon was be joined by NASCAR racer Dale Earnhardt Jr. and actor Burt Reynolds as celebrities participating in the auction at WestWorld of Scottsdale. The event opened at 8 a.m., and the day's first cars rolled onto the block at 10 a.m.
Saturday saw 34 cars from Barrett-Jackson's "Salon Collection" and four charity cars, including a 1930 Cord L29 that raised $300,000 for Loma Linda University Children's Hospital in California.
The 2011 Ferrari 458 Italia was custom-built by Corona, Calif.-based West Coast Customs, a famed car shop featured on reality TV shows such as MTV's "Pimp My Ride." The seven-speed automatic car has an eight-cylinder, 4.5-liter engine and custom 20-inch wheels. Pop singer Justin Bieber sold the car. Price: $434,500.
This 1956 Austin Princess was purchased by Beatles legend John Lennon in 1972 and appeared in the film "Imagine." Lennon bought the hearse-style car from a mortuary, and it was eventually donated in 2008 to the Austin Rock & Roll Car Museum. Among its custom features are two rows of airline seats. Price: $159,500.
This 2011 Bugatti Veyron Grand Sport was once owned by boxer Floyd Mayweather Jr. and has fewer than

########
Rank: 25
Score: 43.058422
Retrieved Text: 1986 ford 300 emission parts In addition to reaching the companys ambitious goal of reducing manufacturing greenhouse gas emissions with a 32 percent reduction ford makes around 300 parts from renewable materials with eight We also rounded up the latest info on fords planned 300 parts requiring rework according to tesla employees interviewed by cnbc. Volkswagen said its profits would be hurt by the combined costs By using recycled carbon dioxide and discarded plant matter to produce certain car parts ford hopes to reduce of the center for negative carbon emissions at arizona state university in an email.
1986 ford 300 emission parts A very rare 1986 ford sierra cosworth rs500 is heading to the silverstone and a steel twin exit exhaust. This results in a punchy 300 hp. Alongside the engine upgrades some other changes were The 2015 ford mustang sounds great so far and its the first turbo mustang since the 1986 svo. The 3.7 liter v6 which has by default become the entry level model is rated at 300 hp and 280 lb ft And lower emissions. Ford says many of the improvements to the v 8 are the result of lessons learned from the mustang boss 302. Base models will get a carryover 3.7 liter v 6 with an estimated 300 hp.
1986 ford 300 emission parts If 280 turbocharged horsepower shoehorned under the hood of an all wheel drive first generation gmc sonoma the chevy s 10s cousin sounds like fun what do you think about 300 hp system and Ford sold more

########
Rank: 26
Score: 43.04103
Retrieved Text: The ALCO Automobile & The American Locomotive Automobile Co.
The American Locomotive Company was one of the country's largest builders of steam locomotives with eight plants in the eastern United States.
In 1905 automobile manufacture began in a Providence, RI plant using the French Berliet as a model. The American Locomotive Automobile Co. of Providence, RI was formed in 1905 and their early automobiles were known as the American Berliet. A couple of years later, the Berliet license was abandoned, and the American Locomotive Automobile Co. began to produce its own designs.
The ALCO was a high quality, high priced American Automobile with huge engines. ALCO boasted that it took a year and seven months to build a single automobile. It also claimed that all parts were interchangeable.
The 1912 ALCO Berline Limousine was the biggest, luxurious and most expensive of all the American Locomotive Automobile Company's cars. It sold for $7250.00 with a 6 cylinder engine and $6,000.00 with a four cylinder engine. A less luxurious Limousine sold for $6750.00 with a six cylinder and $5500.00 with a four cylinder.
The Landaulet like the one shown on the right equipped with a six cylinder sold for $6750.00 and $$5550.00 with a four cylinder. Seven passenger Touring Car were priced at $6000.00 for a six cylinder and $4350.00 for a four cylinder. It's Petit Tonneau 5 passenger Touring Car was priced the same as the big Touring Car.
The first ALCO models in 1905 were equipped with a chain driven four cylinder automobiles with 24 horsepower. Introduced in 1907 was a shaft

########
Rank: 27
Score: 42.87804
Retrieved Text: 9 out of 10 based on 613 ratings. 1,180 user reviews.
www›Search›1987 mustang gt wiring harnessFind great deals on eBay for 1987 mustang gt wiring harness. Shop with confidence.
wwwasmustang›Parts›Electrical & WiringMustang Wiring Harnesses - Electrical Wiring Harness - Dallas Mustang - Order Mustang Parts Online!, The Mustang Fox got a facelift, both inside and out. There were only two engine options in the 1987 Mustangs, the Mustang 2 four-cylinder or the Mustang 5 V8.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 42.721443
Retrieved Text: As the Pleistocene Epoch drew to a close ten thousand years ago, and the rivers of glacial ice melted, people lived in an environment dramatically different from today—both cooler and wetter. Lakes and swamps existed where no water remains now. Lush grasslands covered the plains, supporting mammoths, mastodons, horses, camels, and, in some areas, bison.
Projectile points found along an extinct water channel in the Pinto Basin represent the earliest known human occupation of this area. Dated from four to eight thousand years ago, this Pinto culture was first described by amateur archeologists, William and Elizabeth Campbell in the 1930s.
The Campbells believed that there had been a river flowing through Pinto Basin but more recent research by geologists dispels the notion that there was either a river or a lake in Pinto Basin by the time humans occupied the area. The points collected by the Cambells are thick and triangular in shape, with notched shoulders and a broad stem. Pinto hunters attached the points to a wooden spear shaft and used a spear thrower, or atlatl, to propel the spear. Based on the relatively large number of Pinto points—as well as cutting and scraping tools—compared with the few seed-processing implements found at these early sites, it is believed that Pinto Culture was a mobile population dependent upon large game hunting and seasonal plant gathering.
The period of Pinto Culture occupation was an era of decreasing moisture, and by the end the environment was probably close to what we have today. As the Pleistocene water sources dried up, only

########
Rank: 29
Score: 42.40378
Retrieved Text: It’s optional on “entry-level” Mustang EcoBoost fastback coupe or convertible models this fall.
This appears to be – subject to Dodge and Chevrolet responses – the most powerful four-cylinder sports car offered by an American automaker. This comes from an, ahem, EcoBoost engine via Ford Performance and upgraded handling components from the Mustang GT Performance Package.
Following an experiment with a Focus RS engine swap, the Mustang team used what claimed to be Ford’s quickening product development times to ‘accelerate’ and complete the design-to-approval process for the 2.3-liter High Performance Package in under 10 months.
Available on the entry-level Mustang EcoBoost fastback coupe or convertible models this fall, the Mustang EcoBoost package was developed to run mountain and coastal roads and autocross courses with its Mustang GT brakes, performance tires, and chassis and aerodynamics hardware from the Mustang GT Performance Package.
to Valencia, Spain, is the home of the Ford Performance-tuned 2.3-liter engine. Now it has a new variant of the turbocharged four-cylinder specifically for Mustang. Engineers say they tuned the EcoBoost to more broadly and responsively deliver a projected 330 horsepower and 350 lb.-ft. of torque achieved with premium fuel (per the SAE J1349 standard).
Having secured production of the die-cast alloy block and high-performance cylinder head, engineers used a 5% larger 63-millimeter twin-scroll turbo compressor and a larger radiator, then calibrated the engine to run both Ford’s 10-speed SelectShift automatic and 6-speed Getrag manual transmission.
The 2020 Mustang 2.3-liter High Performance Package is designed to run 0-60 mph in the mid-four-second range on premium fuel, with top speed increasing to

================



======= Instance Index 37 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are decreases or increases ):

Breast cancer is rare in teens. It becomes more common as women get older.


When people get older what happens to their risk of cancer decreases or increases?

Target Text: increases

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 33.309498
Retrieved Text: • What's the purpose of Stop Colon Cancer Now?
• What is National Colon Cancer Screening Day and why is it held?
• How does family history relate to colon cancer risk?
• What do basketball and March Gladness have to do with colon cancer screening?
• What are the ways to screen for colon cancer?
• If something is found during a colonoscopy, what happens?
• What is the risk of developing colon cancer?
• When should a person get screened?
• How often does a person need a colonoscopy?
• What are the symptoms of colon cancer?
• Tell us about how common colon cancer is and how it can be prevented?
• Where can I go for more information and to schedule a colonoscopy?
National Colon Cancer Screening Day is Friday, March 7.
• The goal is to encourage at least 2,014 first-time patients to participate in their first screening on March 7 and to raise awareness about the importance of family history in colon cancer risk.
• Our community of more than 1,000 physicians hopes National Colon Cancer Screening Day will help StopColonCancerNow.com lead the way in colon cancer prevention.
• Our theme is once again March Gladness to serve as a reminder that preventing colon cancer with a colonoscopy is a slam dunk.
• With March being both the pinnacle of the college basketball season as well as Colon Cancer Awareness Month, we hope to encourage people to rally around their health and their family's health as they would rally around their favorite team.
• Individuals with one first-degree relative who has colon cancer have two to three

########
Rank: 1
Score: 31.64219
Retrieved Text: Some people use statistics to try to figure out their chances of getting cancer or being cured of it. However, statistics only show what happens to large groups of people. Because no two people are alike, you cannot use them to predict what might happen to you.
These statistics are from the American Cancer Society's Cancer Facts and Figures 2017.
This year about 252,710 women in the United States will be told they have breast cancer. About 2,470 men will.
Breast cancer ranks second as a cause of cancer death in women (after lung cancer).
A woman's risk of developing breast cancer increases as she gets older. The majority of new cases are in women age 50 and older.
Having mammography can find breast cancer at an early stage, usually before symptoms occur. Many studies have shown that early detection saves lives. Plus, it increases the options for treatment.
There are currently 3.1 million women with a history of breast cancer in the U.S. This includes women currently being treated and women who have finished treatment.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.737852
Retrieved Text: If you have cancer now or have had cancer in the past, you are at higher risk for complications from the flu.
Flu vaccination is especially important for people with cancer or a history of cancer because they are at high risk of developing serious flu complications.
Are You 65 Years Old or Older?
Some older adults (65 years of age and older) may have a weaker immune responses to flu vaccines. This can make them more susceptible to flu illness and complications.
The adjuvanted flu vaccine contains an additive (called adjuvant).
For more information, see People 65 Years and Older and Influenza.
Do You Need a Pneumococcal Shot?
Having the flu increases a person’s risk for pneumococcal disease. Pneumococcal pneumonia is an example of a serious flu-related complication that can cause death. People with cancer or other diseases that compromise your immune system should ask their health care providers if pneumococcal shots are needed.
Make a plan in advance with your doctor about what to do if you get sick. Flu-like symptoms also can be a sign of a very serious infection that is not the flu. The plan includes when you should call your doctor and how to get a prescription for antiviral drugs quickly if needed.
If you have flu symptoms, stay home for at least 24 hours after your fever is gone except to get medical care or for other necessities. Your fever should be gone without the use of a fever-reducing medicine. Keep away from others as much as possible to avoid making them sick.
It’s important for people with cancer

########
Rank: 3
Score: 29.332666
Retrieved Text: Some people have an increased risk of particular types of cancer because they have an inherited gene fault.
How can genes cause cancer?
How common are cancers caused by inherited faulty genes?
What if I have a strong family history?
What if I have a known gene fault?
Inside almost every single cell in your body is a structure called the nucleus, which is the control centre of the cell. Inside the nucleus are 23 pairs of chromosomes made up of genes. Genes are coded messages that tell cells how to behave. They control how our bodies grow and develop. We each have about 25,000 genes.
All cancers develop because something has gone wrong with one or more of the genes in a cell. A change in a gene is called a ‘fault’ or ‘mutation’.
Usually a cell must have 6 or more gene faults before it becomes cancerous. These faults can make a cell stop working properly. It may then become cancerous and divide and grow uncontrollably. Most gene changes happen during our lifetime but some can be inherited from a parent.
Most cancers are caused by gene faults that develop during our lifetime. They may happen as we get older due to random mistakes when a cell is dividing. Or they may happen because of something we are exposed to, such as cigarette smoke or sunlight. These things are called carcinogens. These gene changes don’t affect all body cells. They are not inherited and can't be passed on to our children. They are called acquired mutations. Cancers caused by acquired mutations are

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.056067
Retrieved Text: Is a teenage girl you are about at risk for breast cancer?
Caring Women’s Brochure: Is a teenage girl you are about at risk for breast cancer?
This brochure is written for mothers, caregivers and other caring women in the lives of girls in the 16 – 22 age range.
This pamphlet raises awareness about the link between lifestyle risk factors, including alcohol consumption among young women and the increased risk for breast cancer.
Caring Women’s Brochure is part of PAD program Hookup to Breast Cancer Prevention. Learn more or visit hookuptobreastcancerprevention.ca.
Support for Caring Women’s Brochure is gratefully acknowledged from the Canadian Breast Cancer Foundation – Ontario Region.
Is a teenage girl you care about at risk for breast cancer? Evidence says – she could be.
Eating: The risk of breast cancer is likely to increase with unhealthy eating habits.
Physical activity: The risk of breast cancer increases for girls and young women who do not exercise regularly.
Alcohol: The risk of breast cancer increases with every alcoholic drink consumed. All drinks carry the same risk – beer, wine, liquor.
Why are teenage girls at risk?
When girls are young, moms or caregivers often make sure they get healthy food and drinks and exercise. As they get older, teens start to make their own choices on what to eat, drink and do. Research shows that when girls enter their teens, they often adopt unhealthy eating habits, drink more alcohol, and become less physically active. These lifestyle patterns cluster at this age, and can become fixed for life. So what they do now can affect their breast

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.70876
Retrieved Text: Prostate cancer, aka the “silent killer”, has always been known as an older man’s disease. Being the second most common cancer among men in the United States, prostate cancer occurs mainly in older men. The average age of diagnosis is about 66, and about six in ten prostate cancer cases are diagnosed in men age 65 or older, according to the American Cancer Society. It is the second leading cause of cancer death in American men; about 1 in 38 will die from it. But what many people are unaware of is that prostate cancer is not just an older man’s disease. Men younger than 50 (as young as 40, and sometimes younger) can get prostate cancer too.
The number of younger men diagnosed with prostate cancer has increased nearly six-fold in the last twenty years. Today, over 10 percent of new prostate cancer diagnoses in the US occur in young men younger than 55 years old. What’s more alarming is that for younger men, the disease is often much more aggressive. Prostate cancer typically affects men in their 60s, 70s and older, and is often slow-growing. For this reason, older men are likely to die of causes other than prostate cancer, rather than of prostate cancer. But when younger men are diagnosed with prostate cancer, it is likely because they have developed a tumor that is growing quickly and aggressively.
1. Get a baseline PSA test starting at age 40. Men should have a baseline PSA test starting at age 40. There is no harm in knowing

########
Rank: 6
Score: 27.703468
Retrieved Text: What do your genes say about your breasts?
A recent article in the New England Journal of Medicine says we're getting closer to a genetic test for breast cancer risk.
According to the BBC, we're getting closer to the day when a gene test can determine your likelihood of developing breast cancer. A recent paper in the New England Journal of Medicine says that scientists have figured out that in addition to lifestyle risk factors, several gene faults are likely associated with a higher risk of breast cancer. Eventually, they say, we might be able to screen women for these faults with a simple cheek swab.
The test results presumably would help sort women into groups based on genetic risk, with higher-risk women encouraged to get more regular screenings. "We believe genetic testing has the potential to enable doctors to identify a woman at an increased risk of breast cancer who would benefit from mammography at an early age or a woman who may benefit from regular MRI scanning as well," Dr. Paul Pharoah, of the University of Cambridge, is quoted as saying. Conversely, a woman with low genetic risk factors might be able to cut back on her number of screenings -- which could be particularly financially useful in the case of younger women, since their breast tissue has a different density from that of post-menopausal women, and thus is best evaluated by a more expensive MRI scan (as opposed to conventional X-ray mammography).
The test is still years away, but nonetheless, it's already controversial. A representative from a

########
Rank: 7
Score: 27.429941
Retrieved Text: Alcohol&Me | What really happens when you’re on the juice?
What really happens when you’re on the juice?
This module is all about how your body (and behaviour) is affected by alcohol, while you’re drinking, and over the long term.
Start by watching this video that explains what happens to your body when you drink.
Let’s do a quick recap. How many standard drinks can the average person process in an hour?
Just the one. It takes the average person’s liver an hour to process each standard drink.
Let’s say you had four drinks at a work lunch.
In the first hour your liver will process the first drink.
The other drinks will stay in your system until your liver can catch up. It will take your liver 4 hours to deal with 4 standard drinks.
That means come hometime, your body will have just finished dealing with your lunchtime drinks.
You are unique! You may process alcohol slightly differently from the people around you.
If you’ve eaten, your gender, your age and if you’re unwell or on medication – all of these things can affect how you process alcohol and how you feel the effects.
Any excess alcohol flows out to other parts of your body through your blood.
This excess alcohol can make you feel tipsy or drunk. It’s important to keep your water intake up, to keep well hydrated and to pace yourself!
Judy’s 70 years old. She loves to cook — Chocolate Cream Layer Cake is her specialty and she doesn’t worry too much about her waistline. She wants to enjoy her later years sipping gin

########
Rank: 8
Score: 27.334269
Retrieved Text: How was Angelina Jolie's breast cancer risk calculated?
Yesterday Angelina Jolie shared her experience as a carrier of a BRCA1 genetic mutation that confers a very high lifetime risk of developing invasive breast cancer. New Scientist spoke to breast cancer specialist Allison Kurian, of Stanford University in California who has developed a tool that enables women to determine how different treatment options can reduce their overall risk.
For carriers of a BRCA1 mutation, the lifetime risk for invasive breast cancer is 65 per cent. What is that based on?
It’s based on very large studies of thousands of women. When we’re counselling people, we give them average numbers because they’re the most robust.
Angelina Jolie said her lifetime risk was 87 per cent, where did that figure come from?
That 87 per cent number is from some of the earlier studies. The BRCA1 and BRCA2 genes were discovered in the mid-90s and the earliest research mostly studied very striking families who came to doctors because everybody had cancer. When you look at those families, you’re going to make a very high estimate of risk. But then when you do bigger studies, the average risk is lower.
So that 87 per cent figure is probably not a calculation of her personal risk?
I am not involved with her care, but I doubt it’s a personal assessment. I see that number often and in general think of it as coming from slightly older, smaller studies. Most of us in this field tend to use the newer numbers from the larger studies.
From that 65 per cent

########
Rank: 9
Score: 27.307081
Retrieved Text: As we get older, dental care doesn’t become less important; it becomes even more critical. There are a variety of conditions that are particularly common in adults, and keeping up with your oral health care routine (including visiting your Plano dentist) is a vital part of staying healthy.
Here are a few common dental conditions during adulthood and what you need to do to keep your teeth, mouth, and gums in the best shape possible.
Whether your home dental care routine has slipped, leading you to brush and floss less often than recommended, or you aren’t keeping your regular dental cleaning appointments, harmful bacteria and plaque can build up on your teeth and lead to gum disease.
If gum disease remains untreated, irreparable damage to the jawbone can occur. Additionally, when the support structures give way, tooth loss is also possible.
The easiest way to combat and prevent gum disease is to keep your regular appointments with your Plano dentist and stick to a home dental care routine, ensuring that harmful plaque and bacteria don’t build up and cause damage.
According to the National Institute of Dental and Craniofacial Research, men who are over the age of 40 have the highest risk for oral cancer. However, anyone can get oral cancer, particularly if you use tobacco products or consume alcohol, both of which increase your risk.
Around 43,000 people are diagnosed with cancer of the mouth, tongue or throat area each year, and the ACS estimates that about 7,000 people will die from these cancers. In most cases, oral cancers are first

########
Rank: 10
Score: 26.703045
Retrieved Text: · Colon cancer screening: Beginning at age 50, men should talk to their doctor about getting tested for colon cancer. If colon cancer is found in the earliest stages, the survival rate is 90 percent. Avoid colon cancer altogether by getting tested!
· Prostate cancer: Beginning at age 50, men should talk to their doctors about the risks and potential benefits of prostate cancer screening to decide if it’s right for them. African American men and men who have a strong family history of prostate cancer should begin screening at age 45.
· No smoking: Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer deaths in men and women. Prevent it by not smoking or using tobacco products.
· Skin cancer: When detected in its earliest stages and treated properly, skin cancer is highly curable. Always use sunscreen and limit or avoid exposure to ultraviolet rays during the midday hours of 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.
· Regular doctor visits: A routine physical is the perfect time for men to ask their doctor about other ways to remain healthy.
· Physical activity: Get at least 30 minutes of physical activity five or more days a week.
· Healthy diet: Eat plenty of fruits, vegetables, and whole grains, and maintain a healthy weight.
For more ways to help the men in your life stay well, visit cancer.org or call 1-800-227-2345 anytime, day or night.
ATLANTA 2009/10/21 -“Today’s New York Times article ‘In Shift, Cancer Society Has Concerns on Screening’ indicates that the American Cancer Society is changing its guidance on cancer screening to emphasize the risk

########
Rank: 11
Score: 26.682287
Retrieved Text: > GCSE & A Level Guides and Past Papers > A Level > Biology > Biology And Disease > Remember it! Test it!
Two main causes of disease are pathogens and lifestyle.
Pathogens include bacteria, virus and fungi.
They’re infectious and can easily spread from one host to another.
Pathogens can damage their host by reproducing and releasing toxins.
Some diseases are caused by lifestyle and so are preventable.
If two variables are correlated they act in the same way.
Correlation doesn’t mean that two variables have a causal relationship. Experiments looking at the variables need to prove this.
a) Provide two ways in which a pathogen can be transmitted from one host to another.
2. Cervical cancer happens within the neck of the uterus. A group of scientists decided to investigate the link between cervical cancer and a number of Human Papilloma Virus (HPV) infections.
The table below shows their results.
A local newspaper released the headline: Cervical cancer is caused by HPV.
a) Does this data support this? Explain your answer.
b) Some people are more at risk than others to get cancer. Provide two risk factors associated with cancer, one which can be controlled and one which can’t.
3. A number of diseases carry risk factors connected with lifestyle.
a) What is a risk factor?
b) Name two risk factors connected with coronary heart disease.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 26.414604
Retrieved Text: Mesothelioma cancer is an extremely rare cancer form that is only found in the mesothelium. This form of malignancy generally affects those people who have been exposed to a situation where asbestos is present, typically those who have worked in buildings where it was used as a fire retardant..
What happens when a person has Mesothelioma Cancer?
This type of cancer directly affects the mesothelium and causes abnormal cells. These cells begin to divide rampantly. They invade and cause damage to all organs and tissues that are near the effected area. Mesothelioma cancer tends to spread fairly quickly throughout the body, as well.
This is the membrane that protects and covers many of the organs within your body. The membrane is made up of cells and is in separate layers. The first layer surrounds the organ extremely close and the second creates a protective sac around the organs.. Studies further show that men are more apt to contract this type of cancer than women. However, Mesothelioma Cancer knows no boundaries and can be found in both genders. Typically, the older the person is, the more at risk they are for developing Mesothelioma cancer.
Who is at risk for Mesothelioma Cancer?
Anyone who is exposed to asbestos in large quantities and for long periods of time are especially at risk for developing Mesothelioma cancer. It is impossible to say who exactly will develop Mesothelioma cancer because it has been found in those who had only very little exposure to asbestos and those who had no exposure at all, but lived with someone

########
Rank: 13
Score: 26.357609
Retrieved Text: Around 2,300 people in the UK are diagnosed with cancer of the larynx every year.
The main risk factors are smoking tobacco and drinking alcohol, but other factors can also increase your risk.
This type of cancer is rare in people under 40. It's more common in people in their 60s and 70s. It's five times more common in men than in women.
Most cancers of the larynx are squamous cell carcinomas. This means the cancer starts in the thin, flat cells (squamous cells) of the lining of the larynx. There are also rarer types of laryngeal cancer including sarcomas, lymphomas, adenocarcinomas and neuroendocrine carcinomas.
Your symptoms will depend on where in the larynx the cancer is. Most cancers of the larynx begin on, or close to, one of the vocal cords.
A change in your voice can be an early symptom of laryngeal cancer. If you've had hoarseness for more than three weeks, your GP should refer you to a hospital for tests.
Less commonly, the first symptoms may be a lump in the throat or neck, or discomfort or pain when swallowing. This usually happens when the cancer starts in a part of the larynx that isn't close to the vocal cords.
If you have any of the above symptoms, it's important to let your GP know. They can all be caused by other conditions, but it's important to get them checked.
At The Christie, laryngeal cancers are treated by the head and neck team.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 26.298336
Retrieved Text: When it comes to checking the general state of their health, men and women have basically the same checklist. But there is a big difference between the sexes when it comes to healthy living and life expectancy. The sad truth is that women outlive most men by about six years. This is probably due to the fact that men drink and feel stress more often but rarely visit their doctors.
Luckily, health services for both men and women have improved by leaps and bounds. A lot more men are living longer now. Now it just boils down to how each individual takes control of their health so that they stay healthy during their later years.
Heart disease is one of the leading causes of death for both sexes but is twice as fatal to men. This should be a wake-up call for men to seriously think of what lifestyle changes he can do to minimize the risk of getting heart disease. Simple changes like exercising regularly or eating more fruits, vegetables and whole grains can go a long way to ensure the heart is healthy.
The risk of having a stroke or a heart attack is higher in men with high blood pressure and high cholesterol levels. Men over 40 should consult their doctor and be tested for these symptoms. This holds especially true for men with a family history of heart disease or high cholesterol.
Another leading cause of death is cancer and about 50% more men than women die from the big C. Men are especially vulnerable to

########
Rank: 15
Score: 26.252632
Retrieved Text: ← What happens after you die?
As if you needed more excuses to eat as if you live on the Mediterranean (olive oil, pasta, hummus, tomato, and cucumber salad — what’s not to love?), studies have shown that a so-called Mediterranean diet may help reduce the risk of heart disease and provide some potential memory-related benefits. And a recent study also found a link between the eating plan and a lower risk of breast cancer in older women.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 26.241405
Retrieved Text: Why is it necessary for me to have mammograms when there is no history of breast cancer in my family?
According to the American Cancer Society (ACS), second to skin cancer, breast cancer is the most common cancer in women in the United States. The chance of a woman getting breast cancer in her lifetime is less than one out of eight women.
Breast cancer affects women of all ages and ethnic backgrounds and it can affect a person who doesn't have a family history of breast cancer. While having a family member with breast cancer increases a women's risk, it does not necessarily mean the person will get breast cancer. In fact, according to the ACS, 70 to 80 percent of women who get breast cancer do not have a family history of this disease.
Some additional risk factors include: being 55 and older, being Caucasian, having dense breast tissue, starting your menstrual cycle before the age of 12 and going through menopause after 55. Some lifestyle risks include smoking, drinking alcohol excessively, being overweight, not exercising and not having children or having children after the age of 30.
Early detection can save your life, and breast exams and mammograms can do just that. The ACS recommends women ages 20 and older perform monthly self-breast exams; women in their 20s and 30s have a breast exam by a physician at least once every three years and once a year for women ages 40 and older; and a mammogram every year for women ages 40 and older unless other recommended

########
Rank: 17
Score: 26.231857
Retrieved Text: The average woman has a small chance of getting breast cancer and an even smaller chance of getting ovarian cancer.
But if someone in your family has had breast or ovarian cancer, your chances of getting those cancers may be higher. And if you have 2 or 3 relatives who have had these cancers, your chances may be even higher.
If you have a family history of breast or ovarian cancer, it may be important to you to find out how high your risk is so that you can decide whether to do something to lower that risk, like take medicine or have surgery.
The best way to find out about your risk is to talk to your doctor. But you can get some idea of how high your risk is by knowing your family history and understanding how it relates to breast and ovarian cancers.
Having a family history means that you have one or more blood relatives with breast or ovarian cancer.
They may be relatives who have died or relatives who are still alive.
They may be first-degree relatives (parents, sisters, brothers, and children).
Or they may be second-degree relatives (aunts, uncles, nieces, nephews, and grandparents), or third-degree relatives, which includes first cousins.
How closely related you are to relatives with breast or ovarian cancer. Cancer in first-degree relatives increases your risk the most.
How many of your relatives had or have one of these cancers. The more relatives there are, the stronger your family history.
How young these relatives were when they were diagnosed. Having any relatives who were diagnosed before age

########
Rank: 18
Score: 26.186987
Retrieved Text: Putting a few pounds on here and there happens to the best of us. Staying fit and healthy is a discipline and one that takes effort, especially as we get older. Obesity is becoming more prevalent in America and many people are not aware of the serious risks that come with carrying extra weight. Obesity brings the risk of high cholesterol, diabetes, heart disease, stroke and cancer. It also brings the risk of seriously harming your feet.
If you are overweight and are experiencing any type of foot pain or unusual symptoms, please call Dr. Pinsker for help. He can diagnose any current and potential problems and provide any necessary treatment. A serious injury or a small problem that develops and worsens over time could significantly impact your quality of life. Make an appointment today by calling our podiatric office at (724) 225-7410.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 26.176523
Retrieved Text: Dr Heinz Freisling, lead study author and scientist at the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC-WHO), said: "Our findings show that both BMI and where body fat is carried on the body can be good indicators of obesity-related cancer risk. Specifically, fat carried around the waist may be important for certain cancers, but requires further investigation."
"To better reflect the underlying biology at play, we think it's important to study more than just BMI when looking at cancer risk. And our research adds further understanding to how people's body shape could increase their risk."
Dr Julie Sharp, Cancer Research UK's head of health information, said: "This study further highlights that however you measure it, being overweight or obese can increase the risk of developing certain cancers, including breast and bowel.
"It's important that people are informed about ways to reduce their risk of cancer. And while there are no guarantees against the disease, keeping a healthy weight can help you stack the odds in your favour and has lots of other benefits too. Making small changes in eating, drinking and keeping physically active that you can stick with in the long term can help you get to a healthy weight - and stay there."
Article: Comparison of general obesity and measures of body fat distribution in older adults in relation to cancer risk: meta-analysis of individual participant data of seven prospective cohorts in Europe, Heinz Freisling et al., British Journal of Cancer, doi: 10.1038/bjc.2017.106, published online 25 April 2017.
1. This included people diagnosed with: postmenopausal female breast, colorectal, lower

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.16924
Retrieved Text: The risk of colorectal cancer is going down, except for people under 50. For them it's going up. Obesity and lifestyle factors play a role.
Colorectal cancer (CRC) has been declining since the mid-1980s. Increased rates of screening and decreases in behavioral risk factors such as smoking are two of the biggest reasons.
But the picture is not so rosy for one group — CRC rates are increasing among people 50 and younger. In fact, three in 10 rectal cancer diagnoses are made in people younger than 55.
The results of a new study suggest that people born in 1990 have twice the risk of developing colon cancer and four times the risk of developing rectal cancer as those born around 1950, when CRC risk was lowest. This increase in CRC among younger and middle-aged adults could predict significant disease burden in the future, Rebecca Siegel, the lead author on the study, told TheDoctor.
“Our finding that the CRC risk for millennials has escalated back to that of people born in the late 1800s is sobering,” said Siegel, a director of surveillance information services for the American Cancer Society.
Millennials and Gen Xers need to become educated about the risks and symptoms of colorectal cancer to prevent delays in diagnosis and to encourage healthier lifestyles to help reverse the trend, said Siegel.
People born in 1990 have twice the risk of developing colon cancer and four times the risk of developing rectal cancer as those born around 1950.
Screening is not recommended for people under 50 unless they have certain risk factors, so

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.092224
Retrieved Text: Eight thousand women over age 80 across the U.S. are being enlisted to help the Hutchinson Center’s Public Health Sciences researchers determine how much, how vigorous and what types of physical activity are necessary to maintain cardiovascular health and prevent injury from falls in later life. Ultimately, the research will be used to develop activity guidelines for those over 80—a group that has been understudied with regard to activity and disease risk.
These women, all long-time, dedicated participants in the Women's Health Initiative, will be given "accelerometers”—small monitors worn on the hip that provide an objective measure of everyday activity. These devices, which measure vertical, horizontal and perpendicular activity as well as sedentary time, will provide crucial data that will help a team of researchers led by Dr. Andrea LaCroix solve a black box in public health research: What are realistic, evidence-based activity guidelines for healthy aging among the very elderly?
"We all know it is good for people to be active. The question is, what amount of activity is really necessary for older people to maintain their health and mobility? With this study, we hope to find out," said LaCroix, a co-investigator of the Women’s Health Initiative. The WHI Clinical Coordinating Center is housed at the Hutchinson Center.
The WHI is a rich information resource when it comes to octogenarian health. "We now have more than 30,000 women enrolled in WHI who are over 80," LaCroix said. "We couldn’t do this kind of research without them. Lots of these women are still very active. It’s no longer the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.083952
Retrieved Text: I was sitting next to her as she told her story of being diagnosed with inflammatory breast cancer at the age of 27. It wasn't the first time that I had heard a young woman talk through diagnosis and treatment of aggressive breast cancer, but I had to fight back tears while listening to Charity speak. Our entire video production team was struggling not to cry. What was it about her situation that captured all of us? Was it hearing Charity talk about her initial doctor’s visit and being told that the lump in her breast was probably nothing? Or maybe it was hearing her say that the next time she saw a doctor about it was in the emergency room, when the cancer had eaten through her breast and she had to be hospitalized, receive several rounds of chemotherapy, and later have a non-skin sparing double mastectomy. It could have been the moments when she talked about coming to terms with infertility at such a young age. I’m not sure which part of Charity’s story drew us in, but I do know that the experience of hearing and capturing stories like hers was a powerful experience for me and the production team of the Bring Your Brave educational campaign.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) launched the Bring Your Brave campaign in 2015 to provide information about breast cancer to women younger than age 45. Our campaign tells real stories about nine young women whose lives have been affected by breast cancer. These stories

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.08302
Retrieved Text: A booklet for people who have been diagnosed with secondary cancer in the bones that has spread from the breast. It describes what secondary breast cancer in the bone is, the symptoms, and the investigations. It also describes the treatment options, but not in great detail. Lists useful organisations.
This leaflet explains briefly what goserelin (Zoladex®) is, when it may be prescribed, how it works, and the possible side-effects.
This leaflet explains the benefits of the bowel screening test, how the test is done, and the signs and symptoms of bowel cancer, and has tips on how to reduce the risk of bowel cancer.
Many people will lose either some or all of their hair as a result of treatment for breast cancer. For some, this is the most distressing side effect of treatment. Some people find that being prepared for hair loss before it occurs helps them cope better when it happens. This booklet explains how you may lose your hair and the effect it can have. It looks at how to care for your hair and scalp during and after treatment and the different headwear you may want to try, including wigs and headscarves. It includes step-by-step guides to tying headscarves and tips on recreating the illusion of eyebrows and eyelashes. The final part of the booklet discusses what usually happens when your hair grows back and how to look after it.
A booklet for patients and carers covering the different procedures used to control pancreaticcancer symptoms with practical information about being in hospital and returning home. Includes

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.07623
Retrieved Text: December 11, 2006 By Helen Pearson This article courtesy of Nature News.
Could childhood infections double cancer risk?
Younger brothers and sisters are usually considered pests for their whining and fighting. Now it seems they could also be a factor in whether older siblings grow a brain tumour.
The cause of brain tumours is a long-standing and impenetrable mystery, because they are very rare and it is difficult to collect together enough cases to find a common cause. But one idea is that viral infections are involved, as they are in causing cervical and other cancers.
To explore this, a team led by Andrea Altieri of the German Cancer Research Centre in Heidelberg, studied the number of brothers and sisters a person has as a surrogate measure for the number of infections they suffered. The idea, used by epidemiologists before, is that a greater number of snotty siblings generally exposes a child to more viruses.
The team found that people with four or more siblings (either younger or older) were twice as likely to have developed certain types of brain and nervous-system tumours than those with no siblings.
Sibling count is "one of the highest risk factors we know for nervous-system cancers," Altieri says.
The team analysed more than 13,600 cases of nervous-system tumours in a Swedish cancer database, one of the largest family cancer registries in the world.
Children who had three or more younger siblings were up to 3.7 times more likely to develop certain tumours when they were children or young teenagers compared with those with no younger siblings. Having lots

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.90807
Retrieved Text: Family history can play important role in colorectal cancer.
Just as you inherited your father's hazel eyes and your mother's curly hair, you may have inherited their susceptibility for colorectal cancer.
If this type of cancer runs in your family, you've probably heard your parents or other relatives talk about it. You may have learned that family members — either your immediate family (first degree) or your aunts, uncles and cousins (second degree) — have had polyps. Or, you know that certain cancers, such as breast, ovarian and uterine, seem to run in your family.
The fact that certain family members have had some form of cancer means that you may have inherited that risk as well. If possible, find out who in your family was affected, and how. Sharing that medical history with your doctor may go a long way in helping to prevent cancer, determine your screening frequency for it, and decide on the best possible treatment if you do get the disease.
Patients with one first-degree relative who was diagnosed with colorectal cancer or advanced adenoma (polyps) when younger than 60.
Patients with two first-degree relatives diagnosed with colorectal cancer or advanced adenoma at any age.
Patients with one first-degree relative diagnosed with colorectal cancer or advanced adenoma at 60 or older.
Patients with two or more second-degree relatives who were diagnosed with advanced adenoma.
In 20 to 30 percent of colorectal cancer cases, a cancer gene begins with the patient, so family history may not be helpful. Some people don't have large families so they don't have a family history

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.901812
Retrieved Text: I had an enquiry from a 60 year (young) lady recently who was considering giving up smoking and I was surprised when she asked me if it was worth it “at her age”. You’re never too old to quit smoking, and there are a bunch of reasons why doing it now will be one of the smartest decisions you’ll ever make.
Even if you’ve smoked for years, the benefits you’ll enjoy when you quit smoking will begin within 20 minutes of your last cigarette, and the benefits grow for years to come.
You will reduce your risk of heart attack, stroke, and cancer.
Your circulation and lung function will improve.
If you have chronic bronchitis or emphysema, quitting will help stop further damage.
You’ll feel physically better, have more stamina and energy, and your self-esteem will soar!
Do Most Older Smokers Want to Quit Smoking?
Yes! Most smokers, even younger ones, want to quit smoking. What keeps them from quitting? Fear of being irritable, nervous and tense. Fear of gaining weight. Fear that nicotine withdrawal symptoms will be more than they can manage. Fear that life will be boring without their smokes.
None of these is a good reason to continue smoking!
Once free of smoking, people usually look back and wonder why they didn’t quit sooner. The reality of quitting smoker is much easier than you think when using Hypnosis. The mind is reprogrammed to being a non-smoker so it no longer makes sense to want a cigarette, in fact, the thought of smoking becomes repulsive. This can be achieved in one 3 hour

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.884611
Retrieved Text: 0:04Skip to 0 minutes and 4 secondsGILL KILGOUR: Cancer is a huge and sometimes confusing subject, which is perhaps why many people are put off from having a conversation about cancer. But this doesn't have to be the case. We believe that many people avoid talking about cancer because we worry that we don't have enough information to start the conversation. Another common concern is that once the conversation starts, we may not know what to say, or have the right answers to questions that come up. Let's start with some basic information about cancer, in simple terms, to help give you the confidence to start the conversation. Please bear in mind, the facts we will talk about apply to the UK, but may vary elsewhere.
0:49Skip to 0 minutes and 49 secondsWe'll talk you through some of the key facts and figures, and give an overview of what cancer is, and how it starts. We'll then talk through the difference that your conversation could make in terms of encouraging prevention and early diagnosis. Key UK facts-- one in two people born in the UK, after 1960, will develop cancer in their lifetime. There were around 352,000 new cases of cancer in the UK in 2013. More than four in 10 cases of cancer could be prevented, largely through healthy lifestyle changes. It's more common as we get older; most cases are in people aged 50 or over.
1:35Skip to 1 minute and 35 secondsOne in five cases are diagnosed through emergency routes, and patients diagnosed this way

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.865355
Retrieved Text: Prostate cancer affects 1 in 7 men throughout their lifetime and many men, it turns out, are not even aware of what the prostate does or how it impacts their overall health. For Prostate Cancer Awareness month, we wanted to share some key risk factors, symptoms and prevention tips.
Knowledge is empowering. And educating men about maintaining prostate health, measures to potentially reduce risk of prostate cancer, and what signs and symptoms to look for brings us one step closer to reducing the number of deaths each year from this significant disease.
Prostate cancer certainly can be a complex and serious illness, but remember — it doesn’t have to be a fatal one. Be proactive and partner with your healthcare providers. Ask questions, stay informed, maintain good health habits, and follow the advice of your caregivers.
It’s more than possible to manage prostate cancer and continue living your life — to its fullest.
If you’re one of those people unacquainted with the prostate, here are some basics: It is a small, walnut-shaped organ — found only in men, of course — that produces seminal fluid to nourish and protect sperm.
While the prostate performs an important biological function, it’s not vital to your health. More impactful, however, are the health problems and challenges the prostate creates when something goes amiss, as with cancer.
The prostate contains several types of cells including the glandular cells, which generate seminal fluid — they are responsible for 99 percent of prostate cancers.
Prostate cancer is one of the most prevalent forms of cancer among men — second

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.823439
Retrieved Text: Suzanne Mahady does not work for, consult, own shares in or receive funding from any company or organization that would benefit from this article, and has disclosed no relevant affiliations beyond their academic appointment.
A recent study found up to 20% of all procedures performed in a New South Wales hospital were either unhelpful or harmful. Some of these, which included performing a colonoscopy for constipation, were becoming more prevalent.
A colonoscopy is a test where a small, flexible tube is inserted into the bowel to check for abnormalities such as growths on the bowel, which can lead to bowel cancer.
Around 600,000 colonoscopies were performed in Australia in 2013-2014. This figure is expected to rise to more than a million a year by 2020, equivalent to one in every 25 Australians.
A colonoscopy is an invasive procedure and comes with risks, including bowel perforation. So, it’s important to have the test only if you’re likely to benefit from it.
Bowel cancer is the second-most-common cause of cancer-related death in Australia. Current evidence suggests colonoscopy significantly reduces the risk of bowel cancers. This is where colonoscopy’s greatest benefit lies. Colonoscopy can also be used to diagnose inflammatory bowel diseases.
Read more: Explainer: what is inflammatory bowel disease?
Bowel cancers start out as small growths in the bowel called polyps. These can be seen with a colonoscopy and cut out by doctors during the test.
So, colonoscopy is more worthwhile when done in people at an increased risk of bowel cancer. The most important risk factor is age, as cancer rates increase in people older

================



======= Instance Index 38 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are mountains or valleys. ):

Air pressure is less at higher elevations.


Air pressure is lower in the mountains or valleys.?

Target Text: mountains

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.190619
Retrieved Text: Warm air is less dense than cold air, but the pressure is greater--and vice versa.
I had the pressure part backwards. It makes a big difference in aviation because if you fly from an area of warm air into one of colder air, your barometric altimeter is going to indicate that you're farther from the ground that you really are. That is, you'll be lower than you think by looking at the altimeter. Or as the pilot saying goes, "From high to low, watch out below!" The expanded version doesn't scan, but it accounts for temperature, too: "From high to low and hot to cold, watch out below!"
It's the "hot to cold" part that I had backwards. I'd been thinking--erroneously--that because warm air is less dense than cold air, the pressure would be less. In order to get it straight, I had to think of it as if the air were contained in a rigid container. In that case, raising the temperature would increase the air pressure inside the container. But I still don't really understand how it works in free, uncontained air--just that it happens.
When pressure gets lower, altimeter indicates higher or airplane goes lower.
When pressure gets higher, altimeter indicates lower or airplane goes higher.
When temperature gets lower (and density gets higher and pressure gets lower), altimeter indicates higher or airplane goes lower.
When temperature gets higher (and density gets lower and pressure gets higher), altimeter indicates lower or airplane goes higher.
I can say that, but I don't feel it in my bones yet.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.403591
Retrieved Text: Cut the straw into two halves.
Hold one of half-straw in your mouth.
Put the other half into the water, and hold, or tape it so that it sits vertically, with about 1-2cm emerging from the surface.
Use the straw in your mouth to blow quite hard, across the top of the other straw.
If nothing happens, try lowering the straw in the water.
You should find that when you blow hard enough, you produce a spray of tiny water droplets, just like an airbrush.
If you put some colour or paint into the waterm you can use it to paint with (though this could get very messy, very quickly, so make sure you do it outside).
Rapidly moving air will be at a lower pressure than when it is stopped. This is called Bernoulli's principle. So when you blow across the top of the straw, the rapidly moving air is at a lower pressure than the air above the water in your glass.
One straw is set up to blow over the top of the other one. The fast moving air is at a lower pressure than the air above the water, so the water is pushed up the straw.
If you blow hard enough, the air above the glass will push the water all the way up the straw, and out of the top, where the rapidly moving air breaks the water up into tiny droplets, which are good for painting with.
Eventually the water gets to the top of the tube, and is broken up into small drops by the fast moving air.
Commercial

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.242693
Retrieved Text: "As you lift the plate closer to the blower, the air strikes the plate and sprays outward across its surface. When the air strikes the center of the plate, the pressure is high. Where it spreads outward across the plate, the pressure is lower, varying with the speed of the air. The closer you move the plate to the blower, the lower the pressure becomes over a large portion of the plate.
As you continue to raise the plate, it reaches a point where the force on its upper surface is less than the force on its lower surface. The difference pushes the plate up!"
We often see this happen without even realizing it. When you first turn on the shower, the shower curtain gets "sucked in" toward the spraying water. When a car drives fast down a street, the leaves that are sitting on the side of the road get sucked in behind it. In a sense, the car creates a vacuum in the surrounding area.
You can try this principle out for yourself. Cut a piece of paper that is about 2 by 6 inches long. Hold the narrow end next to your lower lip with the other end hanging down. Blow across the top of the paper and you’ll find that the paper rises up. The fast moving air on top of the paper creates a lower pressure zone compared to the slow moving air on the bottom of the paper. The low pressure on top pulls the paper up.
It is this principle (Bernoulli’s principle) that

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.93519
Retrieved Text: Resources on Body Supported Treadmill Training can be Precise and Reproducible When Lower-Body Support is Provided by Positive Air Pressure from Pubget.
Resources on Body Supported Treadmill Training can be Precise and Reproducible When Lower-Body Support is Provided by Positive Air Pressure and related topics in OrthopaedicsOne spaces.
. Body Supported Treadmill Training can be Precise and Reproducible When Lower-Body Support is Provided by Positive Air Pressure. OrthopaedicsOne Articles. In: OrthopaedicsOne - The Orthopaedic Knowledge Network. Created Apr 14, 2011 11:59. Last modified Apr 14, 2011 22:16 ver.5. Retrieved 2019-04-22, from https://www.orthopaedicsone.com/x/OYGFAw.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.844143
Retrieved Text: There are numerous possibilities to conserve energy used in association with compressed air, in part by getting rid of leaks, but primarily through more efficient use of the compressed air.
At least as important as saving money is investiog in energy saving measures that provide increased comfort and quality of life. More and more prople have understood the commection between job satisfaction and human performance. A good example is using properly dimensioned air nozzles when cleaning with compressed air. In addition to reducing energy costs, you also get cosiderably lower noise levels.
Clearly the cost of energy is a key factor when dimensioning a compressed air installation. Therefore it is important to find a solution that not only meets the requirements for performance and quality, but requirements for efficient use of energy as well. the additional cost that may arise when purchasing equipment that fulfills both criteria may well be a good investment in the long run.
When compressed air is used for cleaning, sorting, or drying, most people rely on the use of an open pipe. As a rule, not much thought has beengiven to the dimensioning of the pipe - rather a "Suitable pipe" is used. People normally choose a pipe that is big enough to guarantee that the blowing operation is adequately performed. In the vast majority of cases this has resulted in an over-dimensioning of the blowing force.
Nozzles patented air guns and safety nozzles allow more efficient utilization of the compressed air. This permits you to lower the pressure at your workstations and still perform

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.680511
Retrieved Text: The lower extremities are very susceptible to the occurrence of pressure ulcers, with the heel being the second most common site on the entire body. The Foot WAFFLE Custom surrounds the lower limb in air and is designed to float the heel while sustaining the integrity of the foot, ankle, calf and Achilles area. The air-filled straps and foot pad offer pressure ulcer prevention, treatment and patient comfort.
Recommended for prevention and treatment of Stages I-IV pressure ulcers and deep tissue injury.
It can be used conveniently at home and on O.R. tables, stretchers, ICU beds, wheelchairs and general ward beds.
The lower extremities are very susceptible to the occurrence of pressure ulcers, with the heel being the second most common site on the entire body. The Foot WAFFLE® Custom surrounds the lower limb in air and is designed to float the heel while sustaining the integrity of the foot, ankle, calf and Achilles area. The air-filled straps and foot pad offer pressure ulcer prevention, treatment and patient comfort. It can be used conveniently at home and on O.R. tables, stretchers, ICU beds, wheelchairs and general ward beds. Recommended for prevention and treatment of Stages I-IV Pressure Ulcers and Deep Tissue Injury. Not a walking boot. Ships pre-inflated.
Foot WAFFLE® Custom - EHOB, Inc.
Click the button below to add the Ehob Foot Waffle Custom Heel Cradle with Lining to your wish list.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.55057
Retrieved Text: Lay a row of naked straws parallel to each other on a smooth tabletop. Place two empty soda cans on the straws about an inch apart. Lower your nose to the cans and blow hard through the space between the two cans and *clink* they should roll toward each other and touch!
Why does this happen? When air moves, the pressure decreases. This creates a lower (relative to the surrounding air) air pressure pocket right between the cans. Recall that higher pressure pushes, and thus the cans clink together. Just remember – whenever there’s a difference in pressure, the higher pressure pushes.
What kinds of questions can you ask about this project? For example: What types of cans work and don’t work? How much air pressure you you really need – would a hair dryer be a better choice?
Thanks for posting such wonderful ideas to get kids excited about science!! This one is such a great experiment demonstrating Bernoulli’s principle! I used windbags in my classroom to teach this same concept on the movement of air!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.51437
Retrieved Text: Our Earth is surrounded by a thin blanket of breathable gas. We call this our atmosphere. Without it, there would (probably) be no life. Amongst many things, our atmosphere contains the oxygen we breathe, the gases we exhale (that the plants and trees then use), and water vapour that creates our precipitation. It protects our planet from cosmic rays and all but the largest of meteors.
The atmosphere keeps our planet warm, and buffers us from becoming too hot or too cold. It produces winds and weather to circulate and mix everything around.
Whilst it’s easy to think of air as ‘weightless’, this is not true. The air we breathe has very measurable mass*, and it’s this mass, and gravity, that keeps it attached to our planet!
It might surprise you to learn that air, actually, is quite a lot heavier than you think. On the surface of the Earth, at sea level, you are standing at the bottom of an entire ocean of air. The force of all the air above your head pushing down creates pressure.
*The total mass of air in the atmosphere is approximately 5 quadrillion metric tons! That’s about one millionth of the mass of the rest of the planet.
Pressure is the measure of Force per unit area. The average atmospheric pressure at sea level is 101,325 N/m2.
(One Newton per Metre Squared is given the unit One Pascal, after the French physicist Blaise Pascal).
For my non-metric readers, this is approximately 14.7 pounds over every square inch (PSI).
If you have a table, at sea level, which

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.412807
Retrieved Text: Visitors frequently ask if the cave will ever run out of oxygen or if noxious gases like methane or carbon dioxide can build to the point of toxicity. In Crystal Cave the answer is NO! Most caves are very well ventilated and Crystal Cave is no exception. The cave is ventilated by exchanging air with the outside. This process is accomplished through the changing barometric pressure. Outside the cave, air is warmed during the day. As it warms it becomes less dense and the barometric pressure falls. When the outside pressure falls, the air flows out of the cave. At night the air is cooled, becoming more dense causing the pressure to rise. Air will be drawn into the cave during the night. Other pressure changes are related to the weather like those changes which accompany the passage of a storm front. These pressure changes are superimposed upon the daily fluctuation. The cave pressure adjusts to conform to the resultant effect of both.
Temperature will also affect air movement. If the cave air is colder (more dense) than the outside, as in summer, the air will flow out of the cave through the lower Tree Fork Entrance into the gully, pulling warmer air in through the upper Service Entrance. If the cave air is warmer (less dense) than the outside air as in winter, air flow will be upward and out the upper Service Entrance and colder air will be pulled in through the lower Tree Fork Entrance. This type of air flow is similar to the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.362507
Retrieved Text: The more appropriate term for correlating aerodynamic performance in the nonstandard atmosphere is density altitude—the altitude in the standard atmosphere corresponding to a particular value of air density.
Density altitude is pressure altitude corrected for nonstandard temperature. As the density of the air increases (lower density altitude), aircraft performance increases. Conversely, as air density decreases (higher density altitude), aircraft performance decreases. A decrease in air density means a high density altitude; an increase in air density means a lower density altitude. Density altitude is used in calculating aircraft performance. Under standard atmospheric condition, air at each level in the atmosphere has a specific density; under standard conditions, pressure altitude and density altitude identify the same level. Density altitude, then, is the vertical distance above sea level in the standard atmosphere at which a given density is to be found.
Density altitude is computed using pressure altitude and temperature. Since aircraft performance data at any level is based upon air density under standard day conditions, such performance data apply to air density levels that may not be identical to altimeter indications. Under conditions higher or lower than standard, these levels cannot be determined directly from the altimeter.
Density altitude is determined by first finding pressure altitude and then correcting this altitude for nonstandard temperature variations. Since density varies directly with pressure, and inversely with temperature, a given pressure altitude may exist for a wide range of temperature by allowing the density to vary. However, a known density occurs for any one temperature and pressure altitude. The density of the air,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.291286
Retrieved Text: Well. I wish your fireplaces were Rumfords too. However, your problem probably has nothing to do with the fireplace design, but instead with negative indoor air pressure.
If the fireplace draws when there is a good brisk fire in it then there is probably nothing wrong with the fireplace. If it doesn't draw well with a good fire, then look for a blocked flue, partially closed damper, restricting chimney cap or poor design like badly formed throat or too small a flue size.
Assuming the fireplace works OK with a good fire but is temperamental to start, or smokes after the fire dies down, then the problem is usually negative indoor air pressure. The negative pressure, and resultant downdrafts, would also cause the creosote/ash smell when the fireplaces are not in use.
The warm air in the house tends to rise and find a way out somewhere high in the house. In other words the whole house acts like a chimney. In every house there is a neutral pressure level about half way between the ground floor and the roof. Everything above that level is positively pressurized and air will leak out of any open windows or holes, while below the neutral pressure level the house is negatively pressurized and air will leak into the house through any openings. In old leaky houses the negative pressure rarely exceeds about eight pascals, which is about the difference in pressure in ten feet of altitude - not much. Furnaces and fireplaces usually do all right pulling against a negative pressure of

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.251038
Retrieved Text: Like the compressor in an electric vapor compression cycle, the absorption system uses its “thermal” compressor (consisting of the generator, absorber, pump and heat exchanger) to boil water vapor (refrigerant) out of a lithium bromide/water solution and compress the refrigerant vapor to a higher pressure. Increasing the refrigerant pressure also increases its condensing temperature. The refrigerant vapor condenses to a liquid at this higher pressure and temperature. Because this condensing temperature is hotter than the ambient temperature, heat moves from the condenser to the ambient air and is rejected. The high-pressure liquid then passes through a throttling valve that reduces its pressure. Reducing its pressure also reduces its boiling point temperature. The low-pressure liquid then passes into the evaporator and is boiled at this lower temperature and pressure. Because the boiling temperature is now lower than the temperature of the conditioned air, heat moves from the conditioned air stream into the evaporator and causes this liquid to boil. Removing heat from the air in this manner causes the air to be cooled.
The refrigerant vapor then passes into the absorber where it returns to a liquid state as it is pulled into the lithium bromide solution (the absorption process). The diluted lithium bromide solution is pumped back to the generator. Because lithium bromide (the absorbent) does not boil, water (the refrigerant) is easily separated by adding heat. The resultant water vapor passes into the condenser, the absorbent solution returns to the absorber, and the process repeats.
Although the process is similar to conventional electric vapor compression systems, absorption

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.123106
Retrieved Text: The purpose of this report is to convey the results of the compressed air flow study performed in the production area of MD2 on the second floor at Alcom’s Reynosa Mexico facility from Monday August 25th through Wednesday August 27th of 2014.
The production area is using an average flow of 445 SCFM with an average annual cost of $82,000. Changing the venturi type vacuums for electrically operated vacuums can dramatically reduce this flow and cost to operate the compressed air system.
The compressed air flow meter used for this study is a one-inch inline flow meter (VPFlowScope® In-line) designed for portable point of use compressed air flow, temperature, and pressure measurements. The meter was installed between the supply compressed air lines and the lines feeding air to the production cells. Flow and pressure were recorded once every 5 seconds and temperature was recorded one time every 10 seconds.
The minimum pressure found during the study was 64.4 PSIG. This pressure occurred on one of the SVH production lines and did not interrupt production. This would infer that the minimum pressure for this line is less than 64.4 PSIG. There is potential for energy savings through reduction in artificial demand by lowering the pressure in the main loop for the second floor. This energy reduction is hard to quantify without further testing.
The main user of compressed air is the venturi vacuum systems. It can be seen from the graphs of TK8, M- Sport, and SVS that when the vacuums are activated they use approximately 15 SCFM. Some of the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.11915
Retrieved Text: Suitable for the prevention and treatment of pressure ulcers within all care environments, the QUATTRO® PLUS is clinically proven to provide pressure relief, lower average interface pressures and enhanced comfort. The replacement system features Active QUATTRO® THERAPY, and Continuous Low Pressure therapy modes with AUTOsupportTM fully automatic pressure adjustment. QUATTRO® THERAPY - clinically proven pressure relief, lower interface pressures and enhanced comfort During the 1-in-4 Active cell cycle the patient is supported on at least 75% of the mattress surface at all times whilst the pressure on 25% of the body is relieved. This provides a higher level of comfort and lower average support AUTOsupportTM - fully automatic pressure adjustment AUTOsupportTM feature automatically adjusts pressure within each of the cells throughout the cycle so that support, posture and therapy are constantly maintained at optimum levels, in response to patient weight, movement and position. Equalisation of cell pressure automatically takes place at each stage of the cycle, again to ensure precise pressure and therapy is applied. pressures compared to 2 or 3 cell cycle systems, together with increased patient compliance. ODSTM cell design for optimum patient support and security Air cells feature ortho- Continuous Low Pressure Therapy - optimum pressure distribution When in Continuous Low Pressure therapy mode pressure is equalised differential support (ODSTM) which provides optimum internal cell pressures for varying body weights and shapes, automatically compensating for the patient’s BMI. Narrower in the centre than at the outer edge, air cells feature in-built within the cells, allowing greater immersion into the support pressure differential, supporting

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.104912
Retrieved Text: weather is the state of the atmosphere. Most weather occurs in the troposphere, or the lowest layer of the atmosphere. Weather is made up of multiple parameters, including air temperature, atmospheric (barometric) pressure, humidity, precipitation, solar radiation and wind. Each of these factors can be measured to define typical weather patterns and to determine the quality of local atmospheric conditions.
The environmental conditions produced by different weather parameters have an impact on the quality of the surrounding ecosystem. Weather elements form a chain reaction, as the impacts do not remain solely in the atmosphere. Temperature, pressure and humidity (moisture) can interact to form clouds. These clouds, in turn can reduce solar radiation for plants, or increase precipitation, which can runoff into a body of water. Consistently high temperatures can increase the heat transfer to local bodies of water in addition to heating the air. Likewise, a lack of precipitation affects not only weather conditions, but soil moisture and water levels due to evaporation. Wind speed and direction can be indicative of a front moving into the area, or it can create waves and encourage a stratified water column to mix.
Solar radiation is expressed in units of watts per meter squared (W / m2). Solar radiation is radiant energy from the fusion process or the incorporation of hydrogen nuclei in the sun into a hydrogen atom. This fusion process produces energy in the form of long-wave emission forwarded to the Earth’s atmosphere to the surface. This process is what causes the solar thermal energy can be felt in

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.021353
Retrieved Text: represents the property causing the displacement. This is invariably based on the flapper-nozzle, whose arrangement, characteristic and application are illustrated in Figure 7.3.
An air supply (typically, 2–4 bar) is applied to a very fine nozzle via a re- striction, as shown in Figure 7.3a. The signal output side of the nozzle feeds to a closed (non-venting) load, such as an indicator. Air escapes as a fine jet from the nozzle, so the pressure at A is lower than the supply pressure because of the pressure drop across the restriction.
Air loss from the jet (and hence pressure at A) is influenced by the gap between the nozzle and movable flapper; the smaller the gap, the lower the air flow and higher the pressure. A typical response is shown in Figure 7.3b, illustrating the very small range of displacement and the overall non-linear response. The response can, however, be considered linear over a limited range (as shown) and the flapper- nozzle is generally linearized by use of a force balance system as described later.
Figure 7.3c shows a very simple differential pressure transducer which may be used as a flow transmitter by measuring the pressure drops across an orifice plate. The difference in pressure between P1 and P2 causes a force on the flapper.
Assuming P1 > P2 (which is true for the direction of flow shown), the top of the flapper is pushed to the right until the force from (P1  P2) is matched by the force from the spring extension. Flapper-nozzle gap, and hence the output pressure,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.99574
Retrieved Text: CPAP vs BiPAP Machine: Which Is Best?
If you’ve been diagnosed with obstructive sleep apnea (OSA), which sleep apnea machine is best for your particular needs—CPAP or BiPAP?
For most people, the answer is CPAP. CPAP therapy is the first-line therapy of choice for most cases of mild to severe sleep apnea, snoring, and upper airway resistance syndrome. Most people with apnea and sleep-disordered breathing respond well to CPAP, as long as they give themselves time to get used to the therapy.
However, there are special cases where a BiPAP Machine may be a better choice.
You may not have heard much about BiPAP. Some people casually lump it under the broader category of “CPAP machine” because the devices are similar and have the same end goal of treating apnea. However, there is a difference between these two forms of sleep apnea therapy.
Both CPAP and BiPAP treat sleep apnea by delivering pressurized air to keep your airway from collapsing when you sleep. However, the two apnea machines have different settings and slightly different functions. CPAP and BiPAP essentially do the same job, but they aren’t interchangeable devices; which one is best for you depends on a few factors.
A CPAP machine provides “continuous positive airway pressure”—a steady, gentle flow of pressurized air, at an air pressure level prescribed by your doctor. This pressurized air, delivered via tubing and a mask, keeps your airway open while you sleep.
CPAP therapy is prescribed after a sleep study (polysomnogram) to confirm the presence of obstructive sleep apnea and its severity. Often, a follow-up CPAP titration

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.980139
Retrieved Text: It is common practice to compress the air up to 8 bar(g) or more, even when the required pressure is much lower, for instance 3,5 bar(g) which is less than half of the initial pressure. In such frequent cases, a considerable amount of energy gets lost. In order to optimize the efficiency, the low pressure compressed air could be generated separately using dedicated low pressure compressors. Indeed, it is more efficient to compress the air at the exact required pressure while pressure reducers are appropriate only for little pressure differences or fractions of one bar. Pneumofore promotes the idea of low pressure loop in compressed air systems for the consistent savings achievable with this solution. The cost for the additional low pressure pipeline is normally paid off within few months. It is part of the Pneumofore offer to calculate the dimensions of the compressed air system at no cost for the customer, in order to guarantee electrical power savings in the long term. Operating from 2,5 to 10 bar(g) with a power range from 10 to 630 kW, the A Series air compressors represent a stable and economical solution for low pressure supply.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.863914
Retrieved Text: How does partial pressure of oxygen change with altitude?
Pressure decreases as altitude increases.
This is true for any gas in equilibrium and not just limited to oxygen. Air at a lower altitude is compressed more due to the weight of a longer column of air above it. Therefore, the pressure will be higher.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.807592
Retrieved Text: Higher air pressure gives lower sea levels: an increase in air pressure of 1 hPa lowers the water level by 1 cm.
Sea level varies from day to day and week to week, depending on the weather situation. Air pressure has a direct influence on the sea level.
High air pressure exerts a force on the surroundings and results in water movement. So high air pressure over a sea area corresponds to low sea level and conversely low air pressure (a depression) results in higher sea levels. This is called the inverse barometer effect.
The average sea level during a year is 0 cmPGA and the average air pressure is 1013 hPa. Since the air pressure normally varies between 950 and 1050 hPa during a year, the expected variation in sea level due to air pressure is between +63 cm and -37 cm around mean sea level.
Water levels at a particular location are not only affected by the local air pressure but also by other factors, so this simple correlation is rarely observed.
Sea levels in north-western Europe are often high during autumn and winter when there are frequent depressions and strong westerly winds, but low during the spring and summer when high pressure and gentle winds dominate.
The sea surface on the Baltic can slope significantly both from north to south and from west to east. Deep low pressure passages over the Bothnian Bay, combined with high pressure over the southern Baltic can create sea level differences of up to 2 m.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.753574
Retrieved Text: What exactly is the pneumatic feature? This air boot feature allows the individuals to pump air into the boot, compressing the injury. This addition controls swelling, helps reduce pain and improves healing time. The air cast boot helps to contour around the leg ultimately reducing the movement within the your walker air boot or air ankle stirrup.
Injury not listed above? Look at other common foot problems to help decipher if the air boot feature would benefit your injury.
How Much Inflation is too Much Inflation in Your Air Boot?
Since the aircast feature isn’t automatic, it allows you to inflate their air walker to the desired amount of pressure needed for comfort of the injury. It’s important to be knowledgeable about when too much inflation in your boot could cause harm to your injury. If you over-inflate the air cells in the boot, it could possibly cause skin irritation to the area. An example of this skin irritation is a pressure sore, which is a result of prolonged pressure on a specific spot on the body. When wearing an air boot cast for a long period of time, make sure you are getting checked regularly by their physician to ensure that there isn’t skin irritation or the beginning stages of pressure sores.
When you are wearing an air cam walker, make sure to stay conscious of discomfort occurring to your foot. Discomfort usually coincides with the healing process but over inflation can cause additional pain. If you are feeling extra tenderness in the area, deflate the air pressure to

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.716288
Retrieved Text: Atmospheric pressure is the force exerted by air molecules as they bump into each other and surrounding surfaces, which translates to the weight of the atmosphere over a particular location. The measure of this weight, taken using a device called a barometer, is referred to as barometric pressure. It is an active, ever-changing phenomenon that varies with the time of day, altitude, latitude and weather conditions.
High barometric pressure is associated with calm weather, whereas low pressure usually brings stormy weather. As air cools, the molecules pack together, making it denser and thus increasing the pressure. This dense air presses down on the air beneath it, causing that air to grow warmer. Conversely, as air heats, its molecules move apart, making it less dense. This low-pressure air rises to create fast-moving, volatile, warm air fronts which are pushed higher into the atmosphere by denser, cooler air columns underneath them. As Earth rotates, these different pressure systems move in a characteristic pattern called the Coriolis Force, which produces the atmospheric jet streams that bring different weather patterns to different regions of the planet.
Barometric pressure is subject to a daily cycle based on heating by the sun, followed by cooling. Pressure usually peaks around 10:00 am and 10:00 pm, and reaches its nadir around 4:00 am and 4:00 pm. Extremes in daily pressure highs and lows are greatest near the equator, and lower towards the poles.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.676825
Retrieved Text: What is a barometer, how does it work, and why is it useful in predicting the weather?
A barometer measures air pressure by examining the forces that air exerts on surfaces. The higher the air pressure, the more force air will exert on a certain surface. Most barometers compare the present air pressure with a known pressure by putting those two pressures on opposite sides of a flexible surface. The higher the air pressure, the more that surface will bend away from it. You can make a simple barometer by inserting a drinking straw in narrow-mouthed jar that’s half full of water and by sealing the neck of the jar around the straw (with a rubber stopper, wax, or glue). Make sure that the end of the straw is immersed in the water and that the water level in the straw is above the top of the jar. As the outside air pressure decreases, the trapped air inside the jar will push the water farther up the straw. As the air pressure increases, it will push the water farther down the straw. Try to keep your barometer’s temperature constant, because temperature will also affect its water level. You can use your barometer to predict the weather (somewhat) because storms tend to be accompanied by lower air pressures.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.65216
Retrieved Text: Our top-of-the-line AG Superplus filter housings are equipped with all of the features required to make this the most efficient and cost-effective filter for your compressed air system.
Donaldson AG Compressed Air filter housings are designed with all of the features required to make these the most efficient and cost effective filters for your compressed air system. Featuring a three-part aluminum design allows for easy disassembly and element change-out. Low pressure drop is achieved through optimal flow-path design. The tapered bowl and non-turbulent lower filter zone assure that no condensate gets re-entrained in the air stream. AG filter housings are equipped with our programmable Economizer differential pressure gauge, which notifies maintenance personnel of the optimal point at which to change the filter element. For coalescing pre-filters, AG filter housings with optional Ultramat zero air loss drain valve which assures that no compressed air is lost when liquid condensate is drained. All AG housings and elements are available in silicon-free configurations.
Our top-of-the-line AG Superplus filter housings are equipped with all of the features required to make this the most efficient and cost-effective filter for your compressed air system. Its three-part aluminum housing design allows for easy disassembly and element changeout. Low pressure drop is achieved through optimal flow-path design. The tapered bowl and non-turbulent lower filter zone assure that no condensate gets re-entrained in the airstream. Our programmable Economizer differential pressure gauge notifies maintenance personnel of the optimal point at which to change the filter element. For coalescing prefilters, the Ultramat zero air-loss drain valve assures that no

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.646545
Retrieved Text: What Is The Pressure Regulator For?
You are here: Home / What Is The Pressure Regulator For?
Whether you know it as the pressure adjustment valve, or as I and many others call it, the pressure regulator, why is there one on a compressor and what is the pressure regulator for?
You’ll spot the regulator. It is normally in the line on the air compressor through which tank air to flow from the compressor tank to the coupler into which connector on the air line is inserted. Once inserted into the coupler, the connector opens the coupler internal check, and air can flow into the air line.
The pressure regulator will look similar to the one shown on this page, though, on many smaller air compressors, the only part of the regulator that might be seen is the adjustment knob.
When the compressor runs to fill the tank, once the tank is full, the compressor shuts off. Depending on the make of air compressor, the air in the tank might be at 125 PSI, maybe 150 PSI or even, on some compressors, 200 PSI.
There are very few air-using tools that require air at those pressures to work properly. In fact, by supplying too high an air pressure to the air tool, not only will it waste air, but it could also lead to early maintenance issues with the air tool.
The device that is used to REDUCE the tank pressure level to a pressure that is more suitable for the use is the pressure regulator.
The compressor pressure regulator allows the user to

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.631271
Retrieved Text: This lesson provides an overview of the respiratory system. In particular it focuses on the physical aspects of breathing, and the importance of gas exchange for respiration and life.
We need oxygen to live. When we breathe in, oxygen travels in the air through the trachea and bronchi, into the bronchioles and finally reaches numerous sac-like structures called alveoli. The thin surfaces of the alveoli are in contact with blood vessels calledcapillaries. At the alveoli, oxygen enters the blood to be carried to cells in the body. Waste carbon dioxide in the blood is excretedat the alveoli and expelled in the air we breathe out.
What is the Irish connection with breathing?
Robert Boyle (1627 – 1691), the Irish chemist showed that a change in the volume of a fixed mass of gas causes a change in pressure. If the gas volume increases the pressure decreases and vice versa.
When the air in the lungs expands, its pressure decreases to less than atmospheric pressure. But its pressure rises above atmospheric pressure when it is compressed.
Air moves from higher to lower pressure until the air pressures are equal. Therefore by creating a pressure difference, air can be moved into and out of the lungs.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.595198
Retrieved Text: 1. What are the refrigeration cycle forms of carbon dioxide?
Generally speaking, there are three types of carbon dioxide refrigeration cycle, namely supercritical carbon dioxide refrigeration cycle, transcritical carbon dioxide refrigeration cycle and subcritical carbon dioxide refrigeration cycle.
Supercritical carbon dioxide refrigeration cycle: That is to say, all the circulation state is above the critical point. In the process of circulation, carbon dioxide can not become liquid, and is always in the form of gas. This method is generally used in the nuclear electric power generation, not used in the field of refrigeration and air conditioning.
Transcritical carbon dioxide refrigeration cycle: That is, the suction pressure is lower than the critical pressure, the evaporation temperature is lower than the critical temperature, but the exhaust pressure is higher than the critical pressure. The heat absorption process in this cycle is carried out under subcritical conditions, and the heat transfer is mainly realized by latent heat. This form of refrigeration cycle is currently the most used and most active.
Subcritical carbon dioxide refrigeration cycle: That is, the suction pressure and exhaust pressure are both lower than the critical pressure, and the evaporation temperature is lower than the critical temperature, so the heat absorption and heat release process in this cycle are carried out under subcritical conditions. This form of refrigeration cycle is mainly used in the overlapping refrigeration cycle.
2. What are the main areas carbon dioxide refrigerants are used in?
There are three main areas, including heat pump water heater, vehicle air conditioning and refrigeration system.
Carbon dioxide heat pump water heaters generally have

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.566185
Retrieved Text: LS-400 1.3 (ETS nozzle) ENTECH - 1pc. WS-400 1.4 (HD nozzle) EVO with "CLEAR" engraving on the body - 1pc. Pressure gauge / air regulator IWATA "impact controller-2" - 2pc. "Male" joint for air hose connection - 2pc. Cleaning atomizer "HCA" IWATA - 1pc. ETS SUPERNOVA series - PREMIUM QUALITY SPRAY GUN. HVLP Technology (High Volume Low Pressure) - extra savings with maximum transfer efficiency and minimum product consumption.
This is the latest generation of LS-400 spray guns named - ENTECH. ETS - latest modification of split nozzle for application in.
Pray gun perfectly suitable for. Also its possible to use this spray gun for clear coats if necessary! Recommended working pressure (air pressure) at spray gun inlet - 26 PSI, but spray gun can operate at 21-22 PSI and you will get the same finest material atomization, lower air consumption. Less overspray and better material saving! WS-400-EVO SUPERNOVA series - PREMIUM QUALITY SPRAY GUN. RP Technology (Reduced Pressure) - optimized high pressure technology for VOC-complying transfer rates. This is the latest generation of WS-400 spray guns named - EVO. Recommended working pressure (air pressure) at spray gun inlet - 29 PSI, but spray gun can operate at 23-26 PSI and you will get the same finest material atomization, lower air consumption. Less overspray and better material savin. Better material atomization with low inlet air pressure - very fine droplets - low air consumption - soft fan pattern and high comfort of application - decreased fogging, less material overspray - high coefficient of. Material transfer - about 80%

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.556488
Retrieved Text: These science projects for kids provide a fun way to learn about the world around us. Kids find out how things work by trying these easy science projects. You can use them for a school assignment, or just something interesting to do on a Saturday afternoon. Enjoy!
-Tightly wrap the duct tape or electrical tape around the two bottle openings and washer.
-Once the bottles are secured to each other, slowly tip the bottles back a forth a few times to check for leaks.
-When you are ready to make your tornado, quickly flip the water-filled bottle up to the top so the water rushes down into the empty bottle. As the water comes down, it will form a funnel, resembling a tornado. The food coloring and glitter will help this become more visible. You could also imagine the glitter is the debris that flies around when a tornado passes over the ground.
-Cut a hole about the size of a nickel or quarter in the cardboard or index card (depending on how big you want the lens).
-Tape the edges of the plastic to the cardboard so the plastic is centered over the hole.
-Dip the spoon in some water, and carefully place one drop on the center of the plastic.
-When you use your magnifying glass, be sure to keep it flat so the water doesn’t run off.
-Now, you can take a closer look at feathers, newsprint, fingernails, or any other small object.
Bernoulli’s principle states that with something fluid (liquid or gas), high velocity creates a lower pressure and low velocity

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.524899
Retrieved Text: What you need: Clear plastic cup 2-liter plastic soda bottle Water Food coloring Marker; What to do: This tool will work best if you put it together on a rainy day (when air pressure is lower).
You can create a beautiful princess crown from a 2 liter bottle with just a bit of cutting and some glitter. You may want to print off a template or draw one so that you know where and how to cut. Then just decorate your crowns however you want.
As a low pressure area moves in the air pressure out side the sealed quart fruit jar is less than the air pressure inside the jar. Thus the higher pressure inside the jar pushes down the liquid in the tube until the presure in the quart jar becomes equal to the atmosphric pressure outside the fruit jar.

================



======= Instance Index 39 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are orange or apple ):

Objects with greater mass have a stronger force of gravity between them.


If Mona is comparing an orange and an apple and she determines that the apple is more massive then the orange, which object has more gravity orange or apple?

Target Text: apple

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 36.406193
Retrieved Text: Categories: Children | Tags: aperture, bubbles, child, child photography, children, Flickr, fun, garden, Mia | Permalink.
Today Mia has been particularly cheeky, none more so than when she decided to help herself to some fruit! I suppose I should be pleased that she went for the fruit and not the sweets or cakes. However, as you can see from these photos, she wasn’t content with having just the one apple. No, she wanted two apples and even tried to eat an un-peeled orange.
On the plus side, this little cheeky session she was on allowed me to my new lens through its paces again, and also to try and apply some freshly learnt skills about speedlites. One area of photography that I have never got to grips with, and should since I am shooting a wedding in the Spring, is flash photography. Anyway, to make my life a little easier I’ve purchased a book and have spent the last day going through it and then running off to do a little experiment. I’m slowly getting there but the key, as with most learning(!) is to be able to recall this knowledge when its needed…only time will tell if this will be the case.
Until then, enjoy these pictures of Mia and the story of her apple!
Mia, What are you doing?
Ah, you’ve found an apple!
If I hide behind here, no one will find me!
I fancy an orange now!
That’s it. I’ve had it with this apple…take that!
Categories: Children, Fun | Tags: aperture, Apple, black and white, children, flash photography, fruit, fun,

########
Rank: 1
Score: 35.18486
Retrieved Text: This first one can be a bit confusing. A hue is the property of color that gives it the color we categorize it as. In our example above, the hue of the red apple is red. If we see something as the color blue then hue is blue.
When we look at the color wheel, you can see that we have organized our colors by hue.
The second property of color is value. The value of a color is simply how light or dark that color is. If the color is light then it is high on the value scale. For example a pink would a light value color. If that color is dark, it is low on the value scale. Just like our apple is.
This property is sometimes called brightness, depending on the tools you are working with or the people you are talking to. Here is a good example for those of you who paint in Photoshop. The HSB slider in color panel for the value is labeled B for brightness. You can see that it adjusts how light or dark the color is. When we adjust this slider we are adjusting the value.
Saturation is how pure or strong the color is in comparison to its original color. For example, we can have two different reds below the original red of the apple.
Comparing the two color swatches to red the original red, we can see that one color swatch is closer to the original red and the other is closer to a neutral gray. The color

########
Rank: 2
Score: 35.077568
Retrieved Text: Why do people make transactions? Is it because the seller has a surplus of goods or the buyer has a shortage of them? Not exactly. The short answer is that people make transactions because they value the same goods differently at the margin. Remember that marginal analysis involves weighing the benefits and costs of choosing a little bit more or a little bit less of a good.
Figure 1. How much would you value this apple?
Suppose Bill loves to snack on apples, while Angie thinks apples are just okay. Suppose they each have a basket containing a dozen apples. Because Bill loves apples, he places a higher value on one more apple than Angie does. That’s what “at the margin” means. Bill is considering one more apple. Suppose Bill thinks another apple would be worth $1.00, while Angie thinks another apple is only worth $0.10. If Bill offered to buy an apple for $0.50 from Angie, would she agree to the transaction?
Since Angie thinks the apple is only worth $0.10, then it would be to her advantage to sell one to Bill and use the $0.40 profit for something she values more than apples. Would Bill benefit from the deal? Since he thinks an apple is worth a dollar, if he could get it for fifty cents, he would be making $0.50 profit. If two parties differ on what some good is worth, they can each benefit from trading the good from the person who values it less to the person who values it more.
If trading one

########
Rank: 3
Score: 35.01689
Retrieved Text: Amazon today reported an $82 million net profit on $16.1 billion in sales for its fiscal first quarter, and warned that it might lose more than one third of $1 billion ($340m) in its current quarter.
Amazon's unremarkable financial performance, and the warning of a large loss, didn't upset shareholders by much; shares fell just 3 percent in after-hours trading.
As Amazon steps up competition against giants such as Apple, against HBO with its popular Netflix service, and against cloud computing vendors Rackspace and others, it has a massive competitive advantage: Its shareholders. They simply won't dump its stock, even when profits are weak and there's the prospect of a large loss.
On $16.1 billion in sales, Apple would have reported the equivalent of $3.5 billion in net profits. Amazon: just $82 million.
Apple is hugely profitable, but it has less room to maneuver. Take a look at this six-month chart comparing Amazon and Apple.
Apple shareholders dumped more than $279 billion in valuation over the past six months, simply because earnings per share missed by a tiny fraction, and explosive sales growth had slowed slightly.
Tim Cook, CEO of Apple, has to be very careful; he can't take too many risks, or Wall Street will pummel the company's share price.
Amazon's CEO Jeff Bezos can take more business risks, such as trying out different tablet devices, or different business models for online content - that Apple simply cannot without weighing the considerable risks to its share price if it stumbles minutely.
It's an interesting paradox that a barely profitable Amazon can have a

########
Rank: 4
Score: 34.215336
Retrieved Text: Comparing a road car to a Formula 1 racer is in most cases the equivalent of comparing an apple and apple-shaped hunk of granite. They’re just completely different machines that happen share a similar layout, and even then only in the vaguest sense. But there is at least one area of Formula 1 cars that are mechanically similar to your Ford Fiesta, and that’d be the massive but mostly-simple braking systems. Sure, the brakes are bigger, and they’re made from the finest materials allowable, but the basic premise of a caliper, rotor, and brake pads all remains the same.
That’s not to say there aren’t some major differences, especially in the material of the brake pad and rotor. But watching this bench test of a Brembo carbon-carbon (yes, carbon-carbon) braking system, it looks similar to what your Fiesta uses to stop.
However, Formula 1 racers have a minimum weight of just 691 kgs/1,523 lbs, quite a bit less than the Fiesta due to extensive use of carbon and carbon fiber. This includes the brakes, which uses a pure form of carbon that weighs about half what a standard brake pad of the same size otherwise would. The rotor is also made from carbon, and combined with the carbon brake pad it has about double the coefficient of friction compared to conventional brakes, essentially meaning twice the stopping power.
Formula 1 racers are also much, much faster than Fiestas though, and while this bench test doesn’t specify what speeds are being simulated, we’re betting it’s well over the 100 MPH

########
Rank: 5
Score: 34.065384
Retrieved Text: She started by drawing a heart shape, using either an orange or a deep pink.
Rounded at the bottom, like an apple.
Filling in the center of your apple with a yellow or lighter orange will give it a three-dimensional look. Catch the light.
Here’s where you get to decide. Apple or pumpkin? Nana had originally drawn off the shape with an apple in mind. However, the oranges reminded the children of pumpkins. So… some finished their pictures as apples, some as pumpkins. Pick your favorite!
But do take a minute to decide which direction the sun is shining in your picture. You may even want to place a little dot of yellow in the corner to remind yourself. This will help with highlighting.
…fist it in, of course!
Nana showed us how to add a bit of shadow or maybe freckling on your apple or pumpkin. She asked the children if they remembered skumbling? To skumble is the artistic word for layering colors for effect. She used a brown stick of color, turned on its side.
Twelve-year-old shaded the top of her apple, around the stem – so nicely! With a bit of purple at the bottom.
If you decided on a pumpkin, like eleven-year-old, then draw some nice, brown lines for your pumpkin curves.
You may even decide to add a “painterly effect” around your apple (or pumpkin). Giving it a soft background, like eight-year-old did.
Eleven-year-old blended his pumpkin lines.
Nana’s pumpkin with a painterly effect.
Of an apple. (1) Make a heart shape with pink.
(2) A bit of dark shading, a stem and white

########
Rank: 6
Score: 34.046368
Retrieved Text: Lisa Brennan-Jobs worked as a journalist after attending Harvard.
• Lisa Brennan-Jobs was born just before Steve Jobs and Apple began to take off, but the tech mogul didn't acknowledge her as his daughter for years.
• Brennan-Jobs went on to become a journalist and leads a very private life.
• She helped screenwriter Aaron Sorkin with his portrayal of her father in the 2015 movie "Steve Jobs."
Seven years after his death, Steve Jobs remains one of the most talked-about innovators of our time. But his firstborn daughter largely avoids the spotlight.
Brennan-Jobs was born on May 17, 1978, in the All One Farm apple commune. According to the Cult of Mac, the Oregon commune was a hotbed of LSD and Eastern spiritualism, and both of Brennan-Jobs' parents had spent time there in the past.
Brennan-Jobs' parents, Steve Jobs and Chrisann Brennan, had dated on and off since high school, but their relationship became strained during the early days of Apple. According to Brennan, Jobs hadn't taken the news of her pregnancy well and denied he was the father.
Steve Jobs founded Apple in the garage of his childhood home.
Jobs did visit Brennan and the newborn at the commune, however. Together, the new parents named their baby daughter Lisa. But Jobs refused to acknowledge the fact he was Lisa's father. As Apple began to explode, Brennan had to work as a server and relied on welfare to support her daughter.
Source: Business Insider, The Daily Mail, The New York Post, "The Bite in the Apple"
Jobs continued to publicly deny being Brennan-Jobs' father, even

########
Rank: 7
Score: 33.89815
Retrieved Text: Megahertz, the good old, ever effective, marketing tool has been under fire from a number of manufactures as of late. Apple has been touting their computer's supremacy and clock cycle efficiency ever since the early days and AMD has been educating their prospective customers ever since they came up with their new naming scheme. But although both Apple and AMD claim that clockspeed doesn't always equal performance they both still use clockspeed as a marketing tool, and so does Intel.
Granted, ever since Intel and AMD designed new and different x86 architectures for their CPUs, the clockspeed-equals-performance argument has become almost academic and isn't as clear-cut as we'd like, we're simply not comparing apples to apples. But there's more, clock cycle efficiency is also often used to determine how efficient a CPU handles instructions compared to another. Although comparing clock cycle efficiency looks like a valid comparison there's a few things that should be taken into account.
First off, stating that clock cycle efficiency determines CPU performance is just as bad as saying clockspeed equals performance. Clock cycle efficiency simply determines how many instructions a CPU handles per clock cycle under ideal conditions, if there's a cache miss or a branch prediction miss we'll loose valuable clock cycles making up for it, thus severely cutting into a CPU's clockspeed efficiency. So there's no such thing as a raw and clear-cut clockspeed efficiency comparison, it is an indication how efficient a CPU executes but not an indication of real world performance.
A good example is Intel's Pentium 4, with its

########
Rank: 8
Score: 33.661522
Retrieved Text: Now that you have your Margarita machine, you might want to know which of the margaritas the best to make are.
There are lots of different varieties of margarita drinks that you can make with your frozen drink blender.
Everyone has his own favorite, but these five are the most popular that people ask for.
This is the bluest drink that you can get.
The Hypnotiq margarita is for the person who loves color as well as a delicious drink.
This Margarita is the bluest drink that you will find. No matter how hard you will look.
The drink’s ingredients are Voodoo Tiki Blue Dragon, a blue raspberry and kiwi-infused tequila, Hypnotiq Liqueur, and blue curacao.
Together with some pineapple juice they make this ice blue drink that is fabulous on a hot summer day.
The Hypnotiq margarita can be surfed just like this on the rocks or as a frozen drink.
If you love the flavor of an orange, you will most definitely love the flavor of the Orange margarita. This is a frozen margarita that you can make easily with your margarita machine. You will love this smooth and creamy frozen drink that taste a lot like orange. The flavour comes from the orange sherbet. You can even add some ice cream if you like a smoother margarita. Some of the ingredients are; tequila, orange liqueur and top it with a slice of orange and a lime wedge. You will never want to try another margarita again.
This is a margarita for the fun, adventurous person. The sour patch margarita is all about the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 33.585674
Retrieved Text: apple and pumpkin venn diagram top teachers smorgasboard .
apples pumpkins venn diagram pumpkins pinterest classroom .
pumpkins vs apples venn diagram by tami rivers tpt .
kinder corner apples and pumpkins .
pumpkins everywhere and making connections first grade .
pumpkins vs apples fuller meadow principal blog .
venn diagram apples pumpkins by christy gross tpt .
comparing apples pumpkins julia kennedy .
free venn diagram comparing apples and pumpkins perfect for the .
apples and pumpkins venn diagram by robin ramik tpt .
105 best pumpkins images halloween kids day care halloween .
our apple and pumpkin venn diagram october in kindergarten .
free apples pumpkins venn diagram by teach with me tpt .
simply second grade pumpkin unit photos part 1 plus a pumpkin .
venn diagram we made it would have been neat to use real pumpkins .
159 best science images preschool kindergarten science science .
pumpkins everywhere and making connections the first grade parade .
apples pumpkins venn diagram classroom freebies .
cele mai bune 55 imagini din diagram venn preschool teaching .
pumpkin venn diagram under fontanacountryinn com .
apple and pumpkins venn diagram by miss d and me tpt .
pumpkin or apple parent powered preschool .
fruit compare and contrast apples vs oranges worksheet activity .
simply second grade pumpkins pick up your pumpkin glyph .
making the most of technologies in the classroom ppt video online .
a apples pumpkins venn diagram compare and contrast by regina davis .
venn diagrams pumpkins and apples on pinterest wiring diagram online .
apples and pumpkins reading activity mrs jones creation station .
10 fun preschool apple learning activities .
its pumpkin time made for me literacy for

########
Rank: 10
Score: 33.558968
Retrieved Text: The market is full of different e-liquid flavors. There are all types of e-liquids. However, as the saying goes, nothing beats homemade. If you can’t find an e-liquid on the market to satisfy you, you can always go the DIY route.
It is easy to make your own vape juice, but it requires a lot of trial and error to get the perfect blend that will send your taste buds into overdrive. The first step is to know what an e-juice is composed of. The main ingredients in e-liquids are vegetable glycerin (VG), propylene glycol (PG), nicotine, and flavorings.
It is not mandatory to add VG in your e-juice. You can make an e-liquid with only PG, nicotine, and flavoring. You can also choose to skip PG and make a 100% vegetable glycerin e-liquid. Cloud chasers prefer MAX VG blends.
Vegetable glycerin has a sweet taste so it can affect the flavor of your e-juice. It is also quite thick. E-liquids with a MAX VG ratio create lots of vapor.
The ratio of VG/PG to use depends on whether you are looking to get a rich flavor or massive cloud production. For instance, an e-liquid with a VG/PG ratio of 90/10 will have abundant cloud production, but the high VG may affect the taste of thee-juice. Vegetable glycerin is quite smooth an tends to tone down the throat hit that you will get from e-liquids.
Just like VG, when you’re mixing vape juice, it is not always necessary to add PG. Propylene glycol is a tasteless liquid, and it is quite

########
Rank: 11
Score: 33.542732
Retrieved Text: At what point in your life have you compared yourself with others?
At the CanWrite conference in Toronto, Canada on the weekend, keynote speaker Alissa York addressed this issue. She said that comparing our fledgling writing projects to completed gems is like comparing an apple seed to an apple pie. If we spend our time drooling over someone else’s pie, we ignore our own seeds. Better to spend our time, she suggested, planting our own seeds in good soil, watering them, placing them in the sun, watching over them and nurturing them. Doing so allows our apple seeds to grow into mature trees that bear fruit with which to make our own version of a delicious pie.
And all the while we are helping our seeds to transform, we can also dig in and enjoy those other pies, instead of wasting time drooling over them.
This entry was posted in Business, Inspiration, Writing on June 27, 2017 by Arlene Somerton Smith.
Too often, about too many things, especially when it comes to my art. I have to keep reminding myself I am me and my style is mine.
Oh, and you make some delicious pies. I have enjoyed them.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 33.50004
Retrieved Text: Appreciation for this they do deserve.
*An Indian belief that if a son lights the funeral pyre, the deceased will attain salvation.
The apple of many eyes.
As in an epic poem.
*The ghazal form comprises independent couplets with a common metre. The rhyming words, followed by the refrain appear in both the lines of the first couplet and in the second lines of the remaining. The name/ pen name of the poet is included in the last couplet.
Elizabeth Kurian ‘Mona’ is a multilingual poet who writes /translates in English, Hindi, Urdu, Telugu and Malayalam. She has thirteen books including translations to her credit and two of her Urdu poetry collections have received awards from the Urdu Academies at Hyderabad and Lucknow. She is the recipient of the Rabindranath Tagore Award 2017-International from www.xpresscommunications.com for her English ghazal. Her poems appear in various print and web media. Mona is associated with a number of literary groups and is the Secretary of the multilingual poetry group Sahitya Sangam International, Hyderabad. She retired as Manager, Reserve Bank of India, Mumbai and lives in Hyderabad.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 33.454304
Retrieved Text: SAMSUNG is back to its mischievous ways lampooning iPhones - and Apple fans aren't happy.
The Korean manufacturer's latest ad continues its hilarious streak of ripping its rival's flagship blower, this time detailing a woeful day in the life of an iPhone owner.
The man with the notch haircut is back! And he's brought a mini-me with him.
Specifically, it blasts Apple's revelation that it slows down older handsets with knackered batteries.
While the gaffe may be old news, it's sprung back into the spotlight after customers accused Apple of ripping them off over battery swaps.
They told BBC's Watchdog that the firm was charging them over £200 for the £25 job by claiming that their handsets required extra repairs.
Samsung's ad stars one of the devices Apple admitted to throttling, an iPhone 6, whose female owner has her day ruined by her dodgy device.
@SamsungMobile Your “Moving On” ad is an embarrassment. If your going to compare phones, compare apples to apples. Your comparing the brand new Galaxy s9 to the 5 year old iPhone 6. I hope to god your brand new $700 flagship is better than a discontinued phone. Embarrassing.
Samsung released a new ad mocking the iPhone for its throttling issue. It's a very valid point - but a risky one for Samsung to make. That's because it leaves them open for Apple releasing an ad, "At least our phones haven't burst into flame. Or gotten banned on planes"
The sluggish phone lets her down at airport immigration, on an aeroplane, and in an Uber taxi, forcing her to take it

########
Rank: 14
Score: 33.281437
Retrieved Text: With the release of Google's Nexus and other Android-based smartphones becoming more prevalent, more developers are making the move to Android development, often coming from a Windows Mobile or other mobile background. These developers have to take into consideration that, although mobile development projects fall into the same category, an apple is still an apple and an orange is still an orange.
Many developers fall into a pattern of development processes that are hard to shake, and tend to expect one platform to support the same functionality that others support. For example, Android does not support thread-blocking dialogs, or methods to terminate applications. Without being condescending, perhaps it's time for those developers to learn some new techniques, or stick with Windows Mobile development.
The Android GUI toolkit is very much event-driven, which determines that programming techniques such as displaying a dialog while blocking the thread that initiated that dialog until it closes, is not possible with Android. This is just one example of how Android programming is a bit different than say, Windows Mobile. It requires a different way of thinking while working on your applications.
Just like moving from Perl to PHP, or Visual Basic to C#, the learning curve of moving from one mobile development platform to another, such as Android, is challenging, but with patience and persistence, developers will find the approach that works for them in this new medium and a new satisfaction that makes the process both fullfilling and functional.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 33.090824
Retrieved Text: Whether your favorite is Red Delicious, Granny Smith, Cortland, Gala or another variety, apples are a long-standing staple of the American diet. Apples consist of approximately 85 percent water and 12 percent carbohydrates, including fruit sugars and fiber. Although different varieties have diverse flavors and textures, the carb count is roughly equivalent in apples of similar size.
Carbohydrates are a group of chemicals that include simple sugars, starches and plant fiber. The FDA mandates that the "total carbohydrates" value listed in the nutrition facts for any food includes all three forms of dietary carbohydrates. A medium-size apple, roughly 3 inches in diameter, provides you with approximately 25 grams of total carbohydrates. A large apple, approximately 3 1/4 inches in diameter, contains nearly 31 grams of total carbohydrates. Since few people use a tape measure to determine the diameter of an apple, measure the width of your palm at home and estimate fruit size while shopping by comparing it to your palm.
The natural sugars fructose and sucrose account for approximately 75 percent of the carbohydrates in apples. A large apple contains approximately 23 grams of sugar; a medium apple contains 19 grams. Although apples contain a significant amount of natural sugar, they are a low glycemic index food. This means that eating an apple is unlikely to cause a significant increase in your blood sugar level. Choosing low glycemic index foods to help control you blood sugar level is particularly important if you have diabetes mellitus or prediabetes.
Fiber contributes to the total carbohydrate count in apples, although to

########
Rank: 16
Score: 32.517914
Retrieved Text: Doesn't it seem a shame to peel an orange and just throw those peels away?
I'm something of a fanatic about using every last little bit. (No kidding?!) I can only make so much candied orange peel, and save so much orange zest. Sometimes I just want to prepare an easy recipe, that will use the orange peel as well the the pulp. And this is the one I use.
This is another one of my friend Jayne's recipes. She's the source of my rhubarb pie recipe (Jayne's Rhubarb Custard Pie) and zucchini bread and butter pickle recipe. The official name of the muffin recipe is Orange Muffins, but when my kids were very young, they dubbed these Sunshine Muffins. So, Sunshine Muffins it has been.
I hope you try these and let me know what you think.
Wash orange either with a drop of dish soap or in a vinegar wash. Cut orange into 7 to 8 pieces. Remove any seeds. Combine orange and juice in a blender. Puree.
Add egg and butter to blender, and puree. Pour into a large mixing bowl.
In another bowl, measure dry ingredients. Mix thoroughly. Pour over the top of the orange mixture. (Add optional dried fruit at this point.) Stir just until combined.
Fill greased muffin cups 3/4 full. Bake at 400 degrees F (204 C), for 20 minutes, or until tops spring back when pressed. Cool in an for 5 minutes, then remove.
Yields 12 to 16 muffins.
What ways have you come up with, to "use it all up"?
If you enjoyed this recipe, you might

########
Rank: 17
Score: 32.492218
Retrieved Text: Interest Expense is the amount reported by a company or individual as an expense for borrowed money. Apple Inc's interest expense for the three months ended in Dec. 2018 was $ -890 Mil. Its interest expense for the trailing twelve months (TTM) ended in Dec. 2018 was $-3,396 Mil.
Interest Coverage is a ratio that determines how easily a company can pay interest expenses on outstanding debt. It is calculated by dividing a company's Operating Income(EBIT) by its Interest Expense. Apple Inc's Operating Income for the three months ended in Dec. 2018 was $ 23,346 Mil. Apple Inc's Interest Expense for the three months ended in Dec. 2018 was $ -890 Mil. Apple Inc's Interest Coverage for the quarter that ended in Dec. 2018 was 26.23. The higher the ratio, the stronger the company's financial strength is. Note: If both Interest Expense and Interest Income are empty, while Net Interest Income is negative, then use Net Interest Income as Interest Expense.
Interest Expense is the amount reported by a company or individual as an expense for borrowed money.
Interest Expense for the trailing twelve months (TTM) ended in Dec. 2018 was -792 (Mar. 2018 ) + -846 (Jun. 2018 ) + -868 (Sep. 2018 ) + -890 (Dec. 2018 ) = $-3,396 Mil.
Interest Coverage is a ratio that determines how easily a company can pay interest expenses on outstanding debt. It is calculated by dividing a company's Operating Income (EBIT) by its Interest Expense. The higher, the better.
Note: If both Interest Expense and Interest Income are empty, while Net

########
Rank: 18
Score: 32.40919
Retrieved Text: Samsung’s latest ad ‘poking fun’ at Apple while comparing S9 with the iPhone 6: This is the time of the year when the mobile phone company Samsung takes out in order to present a feature of the ad poking fun at Apple. Both mobile phone company Apple and Samsung are caught up and involves in the long-standing courtroom battle at the moment.
This hasn’t prevented the South Korean tech giant from releasing an ad taking potshots at the present of its competitor. This isn’t the first time when Samsung has an ad which will take various digs at the Cupertino-based company.
This company is known for the releasing ads that mock a number of features of the iPhone. When the iPhone X had released, Samsung’s ad was somehow made fun of its notch – something which goes on the latest scenario reportedly.
The new ad goes something like this: a young lady appears in several situations where the ‘slower’ iPhone lets her down while people with Samsung S9 get their work done via the help of the jiffy.
Like, the accessing of the Google Maps on iPhone is display to the terribly slow or getting tickets scanned at an airport counter which also somehow looks like, the awkward.
Now in the ad, it shows that the lady then goes to an Apple store in order to complain and is said by an executive that she required turning off her performance management.
Now it seems like, that obviously, Samsung is trying to hit Apple at the battery slowing fiasco that is being admitted

########
Rank: 19
Score: 32.32062
Retrieved Text: We all know rather well that the tech massive Apple all the time want spring for its tournament yearly, and in keeping with the most recent rumors and stories, quickly the tech massive Apple would release the brand new iPhone SE 2 and now not handiest even the well known YouTube channel, ConceptsiPhone brings us the idea that of iPhone SE 2 as smartly.
In step with the most recent rumors and stories, the tech massive Apple would release the brand new iPhone SE 2 and now not handiest even the well known YouTube channel, ConceptsiPhone brings us the idea that of iPhone SE 2 as smartly. An iPhone that keeps the traits of the iPhone SE and makes a design combine with the iPad Professional 2018.
The author of this idea Gunho Lee was once impressed via the rumors which were launched on the net in regards to the iPhone SE 2. As you’ll see within the following video clip, the iPhone SE 2 would have flat facets and most certainly the tech massive Apple may quickly manufacture it in keeping with the most recent iPad Professional 2018.
As within the video, it’s obviously visual that the all-new iPhone SE 2 would incorporate a Face ID as a safety device along with appearing the feature of “notch” that emerged from the iPhone X. And in contrast to its predecessor the all-new iPhone SE 2 is not going to have a get started button or Contact ID and now not handiest that as the idea that video additionally means

########
Rank: 20
Score: 32.293385
Retrieved Text: Read more, and see the images, in the full article here.
MacDailyNews Take: Apple won’t ship inaccurate over-saturated junk like Samsung et al.
Apple confirmed that the iPhone X does use a Samsung OLED display, but it’s not an off-the-shelf component. They worked with Samsung to create bespoke technology and then, [Apple SVP Craig] Federighi told us, did a lot of low-level software work to overcome OLED’s inherent drawbacks.
Who makes the displays for Apple, aren’t they the King?
Samsung was assisted in greatly improving its product by Apple (the King). Apple then applied its own software magic and attention to color consistency to optimize its performance on the iPhone X.
Nice try, but Kings rule, they don’t “assist”.
I submit to you that the making of the diodes and laying them onto a screen is far more difficult, unique, and critical that display optimization software. And how do we know that just anyone can’t write such software? A display is a physical object, a program is a glorified, and important, mathematical equation. Lot’s of people can do math, not just anyone has a fab.
I will give you this… Everyone, including Samsung is milking it. This will be the new “anti-aliasing”.
Apple OLED screens are different from Standard Samsung screens. It apparently has more layers than even the high end Samsung phone screens. Samsung is just the contractor, Apple is the designer and determines the specs.
Making that ‘notch’ (basically a hole in the screen) was supposedly very hard thing to do too.
The notch reminds me of the old Sony Trinitron display that had

########
Rank: 21
Score: 32.257984
Retrieved Text: For all of our lives, there is one topic that has been shunned from any and all debates. One topic that we are told from a very young age we must never discuss. Well I say HERE AND NOW, WE WILL HAVE THIS DEBATE!!!
So the question is: Apples or Oranges. Which do you prefer and why?
I've never understood the saying "comparing apples and oranges"
yeah, it's pretty simple to compare them. They're both round fruit.
if you plunk down an apple and an orange, and tell me to choose one to eat, i will pick the orange every time. they taste better and give me positive vibes.
Marvellous Chester - Get away from me pleb!
Happy to oblige. Granny Smith apples ftw.
Fuji & Gala apples >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Granny Smith abominations.... I mean apples.
Ah, gala apples. 4174. Also known as welfare apples.
Gala apples are the way to go.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 32.241856
Retrieved Text: "Which fruit burns or absorbs more fat, an apple or an orange?"
Zocdoc›Answers›Which fruit burns or absorbs more fat, an apple or an orange?
Apples and oranges are similar in nutrition content. As fruits, both have fairly good amounts of fiber relative to most processed foods, which is good for normal bowel motility. A high fiber diet along with exercise and good hydration can decrease your chances of constipation. Apples and oranges are largely composed of carbohydrates in the form of simple sugars. They have low contents of protein and fat. A single medium size orange or an apple will have somewhere between 50 to 100 calories, most of which is from the sugars. Neither an apple nor an orange will absorb or burn fat from your body. The value of eating a fruit as a snack is that they have a relatively low calorie content per volume of food compared to many processed high energy density snacks offered in most supermarkets. In other words, the value of eating a piece of fruit is that a single apple or an orange could in theory be a filling snack while taking in approximately 100 calories. This is lower than eating cookies, energy bars, sodas or candies, which can have several hundred calories per serving. If you are attempting to lose weight, please see your primary care doctor or a healthcare professional who can provide you with the appropriate nutritional information to help you lose weight in a safe and healthy fashion. It is important that you continue to get

########
Rank: 23
Score: 32.14958
Retrieved Text: Apple's gargantuan iPad Pro 12.9 line is an interesting beast. When it first launched, we were all baffled. A huge tablet that's almost as big as a laptop and costs more than some of them? And it only runs iOS? Yeah, a niche product for sure. But then Apple launched iOS 11, which brought about a bunch of multi-window features, a Files app, and drag and drop, which made the tech world look at the iPads differently.
They are still not a replacement for desktop PCs for sure, but owning a is cool, we can't deny. Quad speakers firing in stereo, powerful hardware, a massive amount of apps made specifically for the platform and screen size. Add an Apple Pencil for drawing and you'll keep an artist happy.
But an iPad Pro is a costly investment. That's why we were happy to find this deal. A refurbished iPad Pro with a generous 128 GB of memory and a cellular modem for almost 50% off. Sure, it's the 2015 model, but that one still does rock 4 GB of RAM and it's powered by the Apple A9X processor, ticking at 2.26 GHz. It's still a powerhouse for sure! You can have a Grade A refurbished unit for $600 or a Grade B refurbished one for $550. For comparison, that's the usual going price for used (not refurbished) iPad Pros with Wi-Fi only.
2015 model? No thanks. The CPU won't be good enough for today's OS and the battery probably will be dead anytime if they didn't replace it.
Lol? Apples CPU

########
Rank: 24
Score: 31.954443
Retrieved Text: « The Mac OS X Virus Report: Why the Disconnect?
Once upon a time, when Apple was losing money hand over foot, many of us played guessing games, trying to identify the differences between the various models in Apple’s Performa line. No, I won’t bother to list the models, beyond the Performa 6110CD, typical of the breed. It’s not a very pleasant trivia game, at least not to me.
In those days, the differences were so subtle, the various model designations might refer to a minor change in standard equipment, such as whether there was a built-in CD player, the speed of the processor of the amount of memory with which it shipped.
But at least different models had different names.
Now look at the iMac. Which one? Well, give me a week and I’ll explain the differences between the various pear-shaped models, the lamp shade replacement and the current iteration, all of them.
But I think you’re seeing a glimmer of the problem that Apple has created for itself in its quest for the ultimate simplicity in product names. The iMac in 1998 and the one in 2007 share almost nothing in terms of the external and internal layouts, or even the parts themselves. But the name doesn’t convey any of that difference.
The iPod. Is it a 3G version, a 5G or a 5.5G? Sigh.
You see, Apple no doubt had good intentions, but they’ve only succeeded in confusing the hell out of everyone. For example, I’m writing this story on a 17-inch MacBook Pro. Which one? Well, the short-lived original

########
Rank: 25
Score: 31.932442
Retrieved Text: Are Macs More Expensive? Definitely–Just Ask Microsoft!
A couple of months ago, I had a lot of fun comparing the cost of various Macs to various Windows PCs, with my goal being to determine if Macs are pricey. I learned that it’s a really complicated matter. Today, another observer has chimed in with a fresh look at the question. And that observer is…Microsoft.
Girding itself for the possibility of an $800 MacBook being unveiled tomorrow, the company has been talking to reporters about the notion of a “Mac Tax” that Mac users pay compared to comparable PCs. Its PR firm, Waggener Edstrom, sent along a prepared statement to me that attempts to provide a lot of supporting evidence for this idea.
–It compares Apple’s $499 1TB Time Capsule router/storage device (the “Apple Solution”) against a $50 Linksys router and $170 1TB Iomega network drive (the “PC Solution”). But the Linksys and Iomega products work fine with Macs; I should know, since I used a Linksys router and Iomega hard drive for years with my MacBook. And the Apple Time Capsule works fine with PCs. The integrated Time Capsule is hardly comparable to the separate Linksys and Iomega products.
–It compares a standalone Sony Blu-Ray player (the “Apple Solution”) to an internal Lite-On Blu-Ray drive (the “PC solution”). I’m not sure what Microsoft is talking about here; there is no Blu-Ray solution for Macs, as it rightly pointed out earlier in its statement. The Sony player sits in your living room, has nothing to do with Macs, and costs the same

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.847412
Retrieved Text: As Apple-Google Deal Expires, Who Will Win The Safari Default Search Business?
Will it be Bing, Yahoo or Apple itself that supplies Safari's next search engine?
According to numerous sources Apple’s search deal with Google is expiring soon. That means the “default” search placement on Safari is up for grabs. Will Bing or Yahoo secure that business or will Apple introduce its own search engine, as some are speculating?
According to RKG’s Mark Ballard,”roughly half of total paid search traffic [is] at stake in 2015 if the Safari search default is really up for grabs across devices.” That’s massive.
If Google did not retain the Apple search business, it would potentially face an immediate drop in mobile traffic, market share and paid clicks. According to StatCounter, Safari on the desktop and mobile drives just under 26 percent of US internet traffic. That’s second only to Chrome and more than IE.
The Yahoo default Firefox deal has meaningfully boosted its search market share in the US. As indicated, Safari is a much larger prize.
Bing already powers search for Siri on mobile devices and for Apple on the PC in Spotlight search. If Apple is going to make a change or can’t reach an agreement with Google, Bing is the likely go-to partner.
Yahoo’s Marissa Mayer has made no secret of her desire to be the default search engine for Apple. While the Firefox deal gives Yahoo more credibility in the race the company is still a long shot. Then there’s the possibility that Apple would introduce its own search engine.
Many people are pointing

########
Rank: 27
Score: 31.799025
Retrieved Text: All iPads Why is Apple comparing the Air to the iPad 2?
Discussion in 'iPad' started by marc55, Oct 22, 2013.
I just looked at the Air on the Apple web site, and they are comparing the specs to the iPad 2; why wouldn't they compare it to something more current like the iPad 4?
Because they're still selling the iPad 2, not the iPad 3 or 4.
Because the iPad 3 has been discontinued and will the iPad 4 be once the iPad Air is launched. The iPad 2 will still be available as an entry level regular sized iPad so it makes sense for them to compare the iPad Air to the iPad 2.
Aren't all the "x" chips now EOL ?
Seems the A6 and A6X are gone leaving the A5 and A7.
I have no idea, I was wondering this myself. I really want to know who will buy an iPad 2 over the mini at $399. Its hard to believe the price of the iPad 2 has only gone down $100 over a two year period.
I have the 3 and the 4 has better spec than the 3, so I would like to see the difference between the 4 and the Air to see how much better it really is.
Yup. that's the only device using it. All the x chips are no longer being used.
OK, I am confused here. Why would Apple stop making the 3 & 4 and keep the 2 around; it does not even have Retina display?
Why wouldn't they have a better entry point iPad

########
Rank: 28
Score: 31.605452
Retrieved Text: Do you want to buy an apple or an orange? Can you tell the difference between the two? Well, of course you can.
The adage of comparing “apples to apples versus apples to oranges” is used a lot in the printing industry. When a customer solicits estimates for printing they are anticipating somewhat consistent pricing from supplier to supplier. But, because we create a custom product it’s not that simple.
An estimate is just that…an estimate of the amount of time and materials we think we’ll need to produce your job. We take into consideration the time needed to manipulate your files, show proofs, make plates, buy ink and paper and the manufacturing costs to put all those pieces together to provide the finished piece. Each printing plant has hourly rates based on the costs of their equipment, overhead and talent. Costs also fluctuate shop to shop based on shifts and manufacturing speeds of their equipment. Like every other business our goals are to be competitive yet profitable.
Why is it then that customers are experiencing wide variances in printing estimates from one supplier to another? We talked about that this morning in our weekly sales meeting. In some instances we are missing the expertise of the professional print buyer. Now more than ever I’m talking to Senior Marketing Managers and business owners. Their expertise isn’t in printing so now I must quickly and efficiently communicate all the possible nuances that my competitor may have left out of their estimate. If I’m not careful the confusion is too much

########
Rank: 29
Score: 31.570217
Retrieved Text: Samsung and the other Android phone vendors love to talk about the specs of their devices. They talk about having more megapixels, having more memory, and having faster processors.
What they fail to do well, compared to Apple, is real-world performance.
Android devices generally have faster processors than Apple devices, yet they suffer from lagging interfaces, pauses, and jitters in simple operations like scrolling a webpage or moving around in maps.
Android devices generally have double or triple the memory compared to Apple devices, yet they are constantly chasing the previous year’s model from Apple when it comes to graphical and gaming performance.
And with the cameras on these mobile devices, the differences are even more extreme.
Samsung has had a number of 16 megapixel cameras for a long time now. And the Lumia camera has a massive 20 megapixel sensor, which presumably would destroy all the competition.
But just like in other areas, the larger 16 and 20 megapixel cameras failed in one key metric: Taking good pictures.
Here’s a comprehensive review from Phone Area comparing the iPhones6, the 5s, the Galaxy S5, the LG G3, the Lumia 1520, the Xperia 22, and the HTC One M8. They tested all of the cameras in the areas of color, detail, indoor, night, and video.
Impressive. But that’s for camera phones. What about all cameras?
People who care about taking photographs don’t go by manufacturer statistics. They go by results. And both professional testing and real-world usage point to the same answer: Apple devices produce better photographs.
But if you’re still convinced of the Samsung story, here’s

================



======= Instance Index 40 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are increase or decrease ):

If two objects have the same mass, the object with the higher temperature has greater thermal energy.


If you were to cool down steel what would happen to its thermal energy increase or decrease?

Target Text: decrease

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 30.595125
Retrieved Text: If you put frozen ice cream into a metal bowl, warmth would travel from the bowl to the ice cream.
This Science quiz is called 'Thermal Insulators and Conductors' and it has been written by teachers to help you if you are studying the subject at middle school. Playing educational quizzes is a fabulous way to learn if you are in the 6th, 7th or 8th grade - aged 11 to 14.
Have you ever heard of thermal underwear? Some people wear it in the winter time to keep themselves warm. Thermal underwear is a good insulator. Insulators are materials which do not conduct heat very well and so we can use them to control heat and keep things hot or cold. Thermos flasks are made from insulating materials. Conductors are the opposite of insulators. Heat passes quite easily through them. We can use conductors to move heat, for example, radiators are made from metal. That's because metal is a good conductor of heat and so metal radiators warm rooms or cool engines much more quickly than wooden ones would!
If you put frozen ice cream into a metal bowl, what would happen?
Cold cannot transfer, or travel, from one material to another. Only heat can be transferred. Heat moves from warmer materials to cooler materials - when you go outside on a frosty day, heat is transferred from your warm face to the cold air!
Why should oven mitts be made from materials which are good thermal insulators?
Which of the following would best protect ice cream from melting?
Which of these

########
Rank: 1
Score: 29.974657
Retrieved Text: In season 4 episode 7, “The Initiative”, a soldier looks through a thermal camera, in search for a vampire. He sweeps the university dorms, watching the camera as it spots hot bodies and marks them as human… until he hits a blue shape. “Room temperature!” he exclaims, using that to recognize the vampire.
… wait… Really? Room temperature? If the vampire’s room temperature, how would the thermal camera distinguish between the vampire and the rest of the room? If the vampire was room temperature, you wouldn’t see them through that camera, just like you wouldn’t see the shape of the bed, or a vase in there… would you??
But bear with me, because this gets a little worse before it gets better: The camera displays the vampire as bluer than the room, which means it recognizes it as colder than its environment. Colder than room temperature… so… would he be? Would a vampire be warmer, colder, or room temperature? Is the soldier wrong, is the camera wrong, and is there even a way to tell!?
Well… Yes. There is a way to tell, and it’s pretty spot-on science, too, so strap in, scoobies — it’s time for some Buffy physics!
If you read Wikipedia, it would tell you that Thermodynamics is “the branch of physics concerned with heat and temperature and their relation to energy and work”, which is (as often is with Wikipedia articles about science) absolutely true. Thermodynamics deals with temperature changes, and how objects regulate their heat transfer.
Zeroth law of Thermodynamics: If two systems are in thermal

########
Rank: 2
Score: 29.823156
Retrieved Text: Touch cotton. It feels warm because it has a low thermal effusivity.
Touch. It’s one of our critical senses in perceiving the world – everything from the clothes we wear to the bedding we sleep in. The thermoreceptors in our skin monitor and relay information to our brains about everything we come in contact with. This helps us make decisions about what feels pleasant to the touch and keeps us safe. Human skin is very good at detecting differences in a material’s ability to transfer heat, such as the warmth of a fleece sweater compared to the coolness of leather. This material property is known as thermal effusivity – as a metric, it can be used to quantify a textile’s ability to exchange thermal energy between skin and fabric. Why is this important? Because human test panels have established a positive correlation between our touch perception of the warmth or coolness of a textile, to its thermal effusivity. In other words, our perception that certain materials will keep us warm or help us cool down is quantifiable. We know this is important in quantifying performance in a wide range of applications – including diapers, activewear, personal protective clothing, upholstery, neoprene dive suits, and bedding. Our skin’s thermoreceptors are giving us good information, though subjective. The C-Therm Tx Platform–quantifies warm and cool feel for you, making what was previously subjective into a metric that can be quantitatively measured. It provides accurate measurements across a range of real world scenarios, including higher humidity environments and under varying compressive loads.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 29.667906
Retrieved Text: When you are outside in the summertime, and you go into your house, you probably feel cooler once you are inside. However, when you are outside in winter you probably feel warmer once you are inside the house (provided you live in a place where it is cold in winter!). Yet the house is probably always about the same temperature. Why does it feel warm in winter and cool in summer?
This difference in the way you feel in the house, despite that it is always the same temperature, comes from differences in thermal energy between you and the house. Thermal energy is that portion of the energy in any body or object that is responsible for its temperature, according to Robert F. Speyer in his Thermal Analysis of Materials. (In general, energy is just a property of any object or system that can be transferred to another object or system through some interaction.) Therefore, if one object has a higher temperature than another object, this object has more thermal energy.
Like all forms of energy, thermal energy likes to transfer from an area of higher energy to an area of lower energy, until both areas are equal. This means that if our boxes above touch, the one with more thermal energy will transfer some of that energy to the other box, until they both have the same amount of energy—that is, until they are at the same temperature.
The same sort of transfer happens between you and the air inside your house. In winter, because your house has

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.29121
Retrieved Text: Barton, N. April 17, 2013. ESOI for solar thermal.
Published information is available to evaluate the ESOI score for the most common solar thermal storage technology – a molten 60-40 mixture of sodium and potassium nitrates, commonly known as solar salt.
Burkhardt, Heath and Turchi  made a life cycle assessment of a hypothetical 100 MW parabolic trough concentrating solar plant at Daggett, California. The storage envisaged is 62,000 tons of solar salt, capable of storing 1,988 MWh of thermal energy, which can be converted into an electrical equivalent by multiplying by the thermal-electric efficiency of the plant.
Many individual items were taken into account by Burkhardt et al. to calculate the embodied energy of the storage component of the plant; these included obvious items like steel, concrete, pumps, heat exchangers, insulation and solar salt. However the biggest single item is the energy required to keep the salt molten and stirred for daily operations.
It’s noteworthy that the embodied energy of solar salt is low if it mined (as assumed to be the case in ), but high if it produced synthetically. In the latter case, which Burkhardt et al. say applies to slightly more than half of all installations, the manufacturing process involves pre-production of ammonia, for which there is a natural gas requirement.
I have also made an as-yet unpublished estimate for the ESOI score for thermal storage in air-blown pebble beds. This estimate is in the context of a new concept for solar thermal power generation entitled BRRIMS, denoting Brayton-cycle, Re-heated, Recuperated, Integrated, Modular and Storage-equipped. Here what

########
Rank: 5
Score: 29.078434
Retrieved Text: Lack of demand from large electricity customers has forced the Government to ease up on an ambitious power upgrade plan.
The plan aimed to increase the country’s installed electricity generating capacity by 5,000MW.
In 2013, the Ministry of Energy and Petroleum unveiled an ambitious initiative to grow the capacity of electricity generated in the country from 1,600MW then to 6,600MW.
This was supposed to take some 40 months, meaning additional capacity would have been in place early this year.
The new capacity would have come from cheaper and cleaner sources such as geothermal and wind.
This is, however, not likely to happen, with the ministry now saying that demand has not grown as per the initial expectations and hence slowed down on implementation of the plan.
Energy Cabinet Secretary Charles Keter said having such huge capacity and in the absence of enough consumers would have resulted in the existing consumers shouldering the burden of paying to sustain the power stations which would have been rendered idle.
“When you have the equipment running, you have to bill for maintenance and this pushes up the cost of power. If we introduce more capacity, it means that power will be costly because the demand is not there,” he said on Friday when he inspected the state of power stations in the seven folks hydro system whose water levels have been affected by prolonged drought conditions in the country.
The plan to introduce the new capacity under the 5,000MW plan was premised on growth of energy-intensive industries that would spring up under the devolved system of government. In

########
Rank: 6
Score: 29.007782
Retrieved Text: FAQ #271: If Greenhouse Gases are such a Small Part of the Atmosphere, How Do They Change Its Temperature?
NOTE posted 9:20 a.m. CDT 21 June, 2010: Upon reading the comments here, its obvious some have misinterpreted what I am discussing here. It’s NOT why greenhouse gases act to warm the lower atmosphere, it’s why a given parcel of air containing a very small fraction of greenhouse gases can be thoroughly warmed (or cooled, if in the upper atmosphere) by them.
The answer comes from the “kinetic theory of gases”. In effect, each CO2 molecule is a tiny heater (or air conditioner) depending on whether it is absorbing more infrared photons than it is emitting, or vice versa.
When the radiatively active molecules in the atmosphere — mainly water vapor, CO2, and methane — are heated by infrared radiation, even though they are a very small fraction of the total, they are moving very fast and do not have to travel very far before they collide with other molecules of air…that’s when they transfer part of their thermal energy to another molecule. That transfer is in the form of momentum from the molecule’s mass and its speed.
That molecule then bumps into others, those bump into still more, and on and on ad infinitum.
1) there are 26,900,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 molecules in 1 cubic meter of air at sea level.
2) at room temperature, each molecule is traveling at a very high speed, averaging 1,000 mph for heavier molecules like nitrogen, over 3,000 mph for the lightest molecule, hydrogen, etc.
So, there are so many

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.947397
Retrieved Text: Did you know you could save 50% or more on metal building energy costs with RHINO steel buildings? It’s easy with our accessory choices and energy efficient construction.
When selecting a metal building system, it is important to think about not only up-front costs, but also future expenses.
Utilities costs are the largest long-term expense for any climate-controlled structure. Reducing metal building energy costs saves thousands of dollars over the lifetime of the structure. Consequently, a high-quality insulation system tops the list of smart steel building options.
Pro-Value completely fills the deep outer wall and roof cavities with thick fiberglass batt insulation, without leaving any drafty voids.
The fluffy batt insulation is not compressed. Therefore, the full R-value is reached.
Retainer strips in the ceiling and insulation hangers in the walls hold the fiberglass insulation firmly in place. Consequently, the insulation never slips out of place over time.
An extra-strong fabric vapor barrier blocks air leaks and prevents condensation problems. It also encapsulates walls and ceilings with a bright, professional interior finish.
In addition, the Pro-Value System includes a second layer of thermal break insulation on the roof and thermal tape breaks in the exterior walls.
If you live in extremely cold, hot, or humid climates, you should definitely consider adding Pro-Value Insulation to your RHINO steel building order.
Here is a sixth way to save on air conditioning costs in warmer areas: RHINO reflective steel roof cladding.
Innovative “cool-coated” steel roofing panels reflect 40%-50% of the sun’s heat away from your building. Typically, cool-coated panels cut steel building cooling costs an additional 7% to 15%.
Lighting

########
Rank: 8
Score: 28.695192
Retrieved Text: Mid level ovens that are great for lower volume institutional customers. The Blodgett Zephaire 100-G-ES Convection Oven includes all of the signature features that make Blodgett convection ovens reliable for years of rigorous use in the kitchen. Its standard depth baking compartment has a porcelainized / stainless steel liner. The compartment accepts (5) 18 inch x 26 inch standard full-size baking pans in left-to-right positions.
This oven is constructed with stainless steel front, top and sides. Its doors are made of dual pane thermal glass windows and a powder-coated handle. The gas heated unit, with electronic spark ignition, cooks by means of a direct fired system with a gas shutoff switch on the front of the control panel. The air in the baking chamber is distributed by a single inlet blower wheel powered by a 2-speed, 3/4 HP motor with thermal overload protection. The chamber features (2) lamps and (5) chrome-plated removable racks. The control panel has a Cook / Cool Down mode selector, solid state (manual) infinite thermostat (200°F- 500°F), and a 60-minute timer.
This product measures at 57 inches high by 38-1/4 inches wide by 36-7/8 inches deep. 45,000 BTU, cETLus, NSF, Energy Star qualified, CE, Made in USA.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 28.514137
Retrieved Text: I was walking down the street at three in the morning after a night out, in the middle of winter [here in Australia], and there was twinkling frost all over the top of a parked car. And the next parked car. But not the one after that.
I kept looking, and the difference was that cars that were parked under a tree had no frost, but cars that were in the open were frosty.
The air temperature was pretty low, but it wasn't below freezing - I checked later and the local weather station said it got down to about 4 degrees C.
Did frost fall down out of the sky and somehow... stay?
It was a clear night with no breeze, right?
On a clear night, the sky above you is a window to deep space. There's no sun keeping things warm, no diffuse sky radiation making the sky blue and at least a bit warm wherever you look; just a blanket of air, and then space.
Heat can pass by convection, conduction and radiation. Radiation, for most items humans encounter, is the least important of these three paths. But if an object has a wide view of something which, like deep space, is close to absolute zero, then it can radiate enough heat to drop below zero Celsius, even if the ambient air temperature is a little above freezing.
If there's even a light breeze, the passing above-freezing air will keep surfaces too warm for frost to form, by allowing heat to move by convection - in this case forced convection

########
Rank: 10
Score: 28.332047
Retrieved Text: Choosing the correct energy efficient refrigerated air dryer can be difficult. Most manufacturers try to tell you that a Thermal Mass Cycling Air dryer is more efficient if you have a varying air demand. However, if your air demand doesn't vary, a Gardner Denver RNC and RSD air dryer can be more efficient. For instance, if you match a similar sized cycling and non-cycling air dryers, at 100% utilization, you will find the total package KW of the non-cycling air dryer is less.
The Gardner Denver RSD Series can provide energy savings by using the RSD digital scroll model that automatically adjusts to your load. The RSD digital scroll mode lets your profit during anticipated shutdowns and restarts with no time lag. Not having to cool down thermal mass storage allows instantaneous savings and a constant dew point.
Air Dryer manufacturers rate their air dryers based on a 100° F inlet temperature, 100 PSIG inlet pressure and 100° F ambient temperature. TheGardner Denver, RNC and RSD refrigerated air dryer will maintain a constant dew point of 35-38° F. Other technologies such as Thermal Mass Cycling will have fluctuating dew points, resulting in water in the air.
The Gardner Denver, RNC air dryer incorporates heat exchangers crafted from multiple offset layers of press formed ANSI 316 stainless steel. Press forming creates peaks and valleys that form media channels that optimize fluid turbulence. This results into minimal pressure drop.
The Gardner Denver, RNC air dryer integrates a Grade E Cold Coalescing Oil Removal Filter. Oil droplets and aerosols are extracted from the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.145948
Retrieved Text: 75. 11.1 What Is a Fluid?
269. 33.5 Quarks: Is That All There Is?
Define and describe thermal expansion.
Calculate the linear expansion of an object given its initial length, change in temperature, and coefficient of linear expansion.
Calculate the volume expansion of an object given its initial volume, change in temperature, and coefficient of volume expansion.
Calculate thermal stress on an object given its original volume, temperature change, volume change, and bulk modulus.
The expansion of alcohol in a thermometer is one of many commonly encountered examples of thermal expansion, the change in size or volume of a given mass with temperature. Hot air rises because its volume increases, which causes the hot air’s density to be smaller than the density of surrounding air, causing a buoyant (upward) force on the hot air. The same happens in all liquids and gases, driving natural heat transfer upwards in homes, oceans, and weather systems. Solids also undergo thermal expansion. Railroad tracks and bridges, for example, have expansion joints to allow them to freely expand and contract with temperature changes.
What are the basic properties of thermal expansion? First, thermal expansion is clearly related to temperature change. The greater the temperature change, the more a bimetallic strip will bend. Second, it depends on the material. In a thermometer, for example, the expansion of alcohol is much greater than the expansion of the glass containing it.
What is the underlying cause of thermal expansion? As is discussed in Chapter 13.4 Kinetic Theory: Atomic and Molecular Explanation of Pressure and Temperature, an increase in temperature implies an increase

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.021112
Retrieved Text: A roof made from COLORBOND® steel can make a valuable contribution to the overall thermal efficiency of your home, which is good news for your hip pocket and the environment.
Sustainable design is all about designing and building homes that have a reduced impact on the environment.
That means, in part, using long life materials that are recyclable and low maintenance.
COLORBOND® steel falls into that category, which is why it's recognised as a key component of 'green' housing and features on so many award winning, environmentally friendly houses.
Using thermally efficient roofing materials like COLORBOND® steel can help you reduce your cooling costs. In summer, a lightweight insulated roof made from COLORBOND® steel causes less heat to be radiated into your home at night. That's because steel has a low thermal mass, so it cools down fast once the sun is off it.
In winter the same steel roof, properly insulated, helps keep the heat inside. The choice of colour can also influence thermal performance. Lighter colours, in particular, radiate less heat during summer.
COLORBOND® steel now includes Thermatech® technology, enhancing its position as the energy efficient roofing material.
The choice of roofing material is only one factor to consider when designing a 'green' home.
Orientation, the direction your home faces in relation to the sun. If your home faces true north, with its living areas at the front, you can flood those living areas with warming winter sun. During summer, when the sun sits higher in the sky, correctly designed eave-overhangs will ensure your north-facing windows are less exposed to direct sunlight.
Ventilation.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.922552
Retrieved Text: Insulation is essential to keep your home warm in winter and cool in summer.
A well-insulated home will provide year-round comfort, and cost less to heat and cool. Insulation also helps to reduce noise levels and condensation. Not only is a well-insulated house more comfortable, it can be cheaper to heat, have less mould and mildew, and be less conducive to allergy-aggravating dust mites.
New homes, if designed, insulated and ventilated well, can have little to no heating or cooling requirements in many parts of New Zealand. Hour-by-hour computer modelling can be used to optimise the design and determine any additional costs.
In many cases, the insulation that you put in at the start will remain for the life of the building. This is particularly the case for external walls, skillion ceilings and concrete slabs.
If you would like to upgrade the thermal envelope of your home, talk to your designer about ways to save money upfront, particularly on items that can be easily replaced later. There are alternative construction methods available that provide a continuous layer of insulation around the outside of the house.
Construction systems has more information, and talk to your designer about your options.
How much insulation is enough?
The effectiveness of insulation is measured by its R value. Heat always tries to flow from a warmer place to a colder place. Insulation reduces this heat flow – and the R value measures its resistance to heat flow. The higher the R value on an insulation product, the more it slows down the transfer of heat.
Different insulation products have

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.854422
Retrieved Text: WHY WE BUILD WITH WOOD..
Wood is a renewable and sustainable resource that cost less to produce than steel and concrete, pound for pound it is just as strong as steel and is extremely durable but without a doubt the greatest benefit we see is that wood construction is environmentally responsible as it stores carbon, wheresas the production of man made materials (steel, brick and concrete) require a huge amount of fossil fuels and harmful emissions.
Sustainably grown and harvested timber stores carbon during its growth cycle which is better for us and our environment. Growing trees absorb carbon dioxide from the atmosphere and store the carbon so efficiently that about half the dry weight of wood is carbon. This carbon remains locked up for the life of the wood even when we use it for building products it is only released when the wood is burnt or rots.
Timber framed structures don’t suffer from built up residual heat OR Cool that can be associated with a structure with too much thermal mass. Bricks have a high thermal mass which means on a hot summer day it will keep the house nice and cold and warm when it gets cold but will stay warm and require a lot of cooling if the outside temp remains warm, something we will experience here in WA over the summer months.
With timber having a lower thermal mass it can easily obtain very high energy ratings when matched with the right insulation (see fig 3 with an 8-star energy rating) this will allow the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.794794
Retrieved Text: The Alamo Colleges District has many resources for practicing sustainability throughout the district whether you are a student, faculty, or staff member.
Greenhouse Gas Emissions - Alamo Colleges signed the American College and University Presidents' Climate commitment in 2009. The district committed to carbon neutrality by 2050, and expects to reduce carbon emissions by 30% by 2020.
Energy Conservation - In accordance with Texas SB 898, the District will continue to reduce total electricity consumption by 5% each year.
Water Conservation - The District commits to a 70% reduction in domestic water use by 2050, and a 25% reduction in domestic water use by 2020.
Indoor Air Quality - The District commits to complete indoor occupancy quality monitoring by 2050 and active reductions in pollutant emissions from landscaping, housekeeping, etc.
Procurement - The District has a zero waste purchasing goal by 2050, and a 40% green purchasing goal by 2025. This green purchase goal applies to products with a sustainable substitute.
LEED - The District commits to registering and certifying at least one LEED Existing Building or New Construction building each year.
Pledge to Go Green and help the Alamo Colleges reduce its carbon footprint and achieve its sustainability goals by taking some of the following actions. Pledge to take the following actions to make San Antonio a healthier place to live and work, to help protect our environment, and to save money on utilities, both at home and at work. Small actions lead to BIG changes.
All information gathered will be used solely for this pledge initiative. Your information will not be shared

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.368217
Retrieved Text: Dunlop realised that in the 1980s there was a huge marker for their reinvented polyurethane wellingtons and went on to manufacture their first Purpofort Wellington. Because of its molecule structure the Dunlop Purpofort Wellingtons was really flexible. Not only was they flexible but they were also cut resistant, lightweight and comfortable. Therefore, because all of these reasons they were number one choice for many people. Dunlop Purpofort Wellingtons had a prominent position on the market because they were worn by over 10 million people. The Dunlop team is always trying to improve the design and quality of our boots even further. Dunlop craft wellington boots that offer protection and comfort their customers deserve.
As well as the Dunlop Purpofort Wellingtons being lightweight, they are also good thermal cold insulation and really hardwearing. The rubber work boots are durable, hard wearing wellington work boot. Dunlop Purpofort Wellies are perfect for the agriculture and food processing industries, also ideal for any construction and infrastructure working industry.
Original purpofort certified to the most recent European standards. They feature a steel toecap and midsole for impact protection. The wellingtons are anti-static, energy absorbing and are insulated all the way down to -20 degree.
At Country store we have sell Dunlop Purpofort thermal plus safety wellingtons. These are a strong, durable boot which are worn for a variety of uses within the agricultural sector. The wellingtons feature a steel toecap and midsole for impact and penetration protection. The Dunlop Purpofort thermal plus wellington have great thermal insulation for temperatures all the way down to

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.119267
Retrieved Text: Freezing in winter and bursting pipes. Insulation on the outside, and living on the inside should mean it never happens. An emergency water heater and a easily accessed weak point would reduce this risk.
Stretch goals Add in a standard solar hot water heating panel as the roof of the tiny home, and tiny solar pump to heat water on cold days. Already have these. Add low pressure cheap poly pipe coiled under the home in the shade to cool it down on hot nights. Already have these as solar collectors but should work as radiator in the shade just as well. 3 temp sensors and two cheap pumps to keep temp in walls comfy. Just landed a job where we have heaps of these sorts of things and the cheap mini computers to drive it.
I've a background in building things that work, and have most of these concepts prototyped, but trying out this website for advice and and to help foresee any gotchas I've missed. LOve to hear what you think, as well as typing this out helped me get my ideas sorted a bit more.
I live in Canberra which has weeks over 40 degrees C during the day, and months below 0 overnight, and wasting our resources on heating and cooling is kinda lame.
Welcome to the HB ; bathroom's down the hall on the left ; fill up the coffeemaker if you're the last one to take a cup, and //be verbose in any advice or criticism// isn't something that's ever been a worry... unless

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.031466
Retrieved Text: A man delivers pails of fresh milk to customers in rural India.
Promethean systems are set up by dairies in collection stations, where farmers can bring milk within half an hour after milking a cow. “This also dramatically improves the quality of milk collected, which improves the product for Indian consumers,” Grama says.
On the dairy-processor side, the system drops operating costs, because dairies no longer need to buy and transport diesel fuel to villages. Additionally, dairies can gather milk from remote villages that hadn’t had collection routes before. “Overall it offers a lot of advantages for all stakeholders — dairy processors, farmers, dairy consumers,” Grama says.
The system’s thermal battery — co-invented by Grama after he launched Promethean at MIT — is not a battery in the traditional sense, but a tank that contains two types of materials: a phase-changing material (PCM) that freezes and liquefies inside a series of tubes, submersed in a heat-transfer fluid (HTF) that never freezes. The battery is attached to a refrigeration compressor and a 3-foot high, stainless steel heat exchanger that rapidly chills milk that’s poured over the exchanger’s surface.
“We call it a battery, because we treat it in the same way as an electrical battery: There’s a charging process and a discharge process to store energy for later use,” Grama says.
In the battery’s “charging” process, using grid electricity, the HTF is cooled by the compressor to a temperature that allows the PCM inside the tubes to freeze, and therefore absorb huge amounts of thermal energy. The thermal energy later released from

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.019056
Retrieved Text: For many households who are lucky enough to have a garage in the UK, the garage itself is attached to the main part of the property – the part that you live in. Often, it’s attached to the side of the home and has its own roof, or it can also be incorporated into the building itself, perhaps with a room or two situated on the floor above.
When your home is so close to your garage space, it’s important to consider how this is affecting the rooms in your house. Energy efficiency is big at the moment, and will continue to be for the foreseeable future – we can no longer turn a blind eye to wasted energy. Of course, climate change and dwindling resources are two very big subjects and many people feel that it’s futile to try and make a difference alone. However, lots of little changes will add up to something bigger, and where better to start than your own home? Even if you’re not convinced on climate change, having a more comfortable home that’s cheaper to run can’t be a bad thing!
Although the weather is getting warmer, it’s still a good time to think about where thermal energy is being lost from your home. In the height of the summer, it can be just as important to consider how the outside environment affects the internal temperature of your property, as keeping your home cool in a heatwave is just as important as keeping it warm in the cooler months.
If your garage is

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.987442
Retrieved Text: Find answers to all of your questions on cool roofing, the CRRC Product Rating Program, and other codes and rating programs with these Frequently Asked Questions.
If you have a question that has not been answered on this page, see CRRC-1 Product Rating Program Manual or contact us: email us at info@coolroofs.org or call us at (866) 465-2523 (toll free in the U.S.).
1.) I'm new to the CRRC. Where do I start?
2.) Are all of the roofing products on the CRRC Rated Products Directory "cool"?
3.) Does CRRC manufacture or sell roofing materials?
4.) Is CRRC a California program?
5.) Is the CRRC government-affiliated?
6.) Our company needs to be licensed as an OM and LS. Is there a discount for being both?
7.) Company A manufactures a membrane that is required to be coated in the field by a product manufactured by Company B. Is it necessary for both Company A and Company B to become CRRC Licensees in order for the system to be CRRC rated?
8.) Company A produces and markets a roofing product that is manufactured from a coil of coated steel provided by Company B. Company B applies the coating to the coiled steel, but the coating is manufactured by Company C. In order to rate the roofing product, which company needs to become a CRRC Licensee?
9.) What is the difference between a Licensed Seller (LS) and an Other Manufacturer (OM)?
10.) Can my company list multiple Product ID numbers on one CRRC Product Label?
11.) I can't find the CRRC Product Label on the website. Where is it?
12.) I

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.775887
Retrieved Text: As the UK heatwave continues, unions have warned bosses they may be breaking the law if they fail to protect workers from the effects of extreme heat.
TUC, the union body, said if accidents happen due to staff feeling ill or faint because of heat in the workplace, employers could be liable.
The TUC says regulations oblige firms to keep temperatures "reasonable".
It has called for a maximum working temperature of 30C or 27C for people doing strenuous work.
The TUC says the lack of a clear maximum workplace temperature under UK law means many employers are confused about what they must do and when they should act.
TUC General Secretary Brendan Barber said: "Whilst most sensible employers will be doing their utmost to keep their staff cool in the oppressive heat, there will always be some too mean to do anything to bring their office or shop temperatures down.
"Bosses who fail to adopt the 'cool work' approach risk damaging their firms' productivity as their employees wilt in the heat.
"They also increase their chances of ending up in court, because someone has fallen ill or has had an accident because it got too hot."
The TUC says there is a lot employers can do to keep staff cool, and last week it launched its "cool work campaign".
It cites health and safety regulations saying employers should reduce heat by introducing air conditioning, distributing fans, providing lots of cold drinking water and moving staff away from windows.
Mr Barber added that "a clear maximum temperature would make a real difference".
However, the Health and Safety Executive

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.732273
Retrieved Text: How may we be of service to you?
Contact us and it will be a pleasure for us to get back to you as soon as possible!
In the 30 days since having the SketchNanoGard coating applied to our condo’s windows, we have noticed a substantial decrease in room temperature. Our master bedroom, located on a top floor, used to heat up like a solarium, even with the air conditioning at full blast, and now the temperature rests at least 4-5 degrees celsius lower than it did prior to the application.‎ It is much easier to keep the temperature at a steady, comfortable setting. The product is almost invisible to the eye; if we don’t tell people it was applied, no one would be the wiser!
The municipality of Saint-Hippolyte had the pleasure of doing business with Sketch, dealing with its Executive Vice President, Mr. Jean-François Gareau, for the application of their window coating for the City Hall and Municipal library. The application costs respected their initial estimate, the work was done quickly and outside of business hours as to not disrupt the respective services. Thus, it is with full confidence we recommend this organization.
We are extremely satisfied with your product. Ever since the liquid coating was applied to our windows, we noticed a fair upgrade in reducing heat everywhere in the office. Our staff is more comfortable and it will for sure help us to reduce our energy bills all year round. Thanks again for offering your services!
From my ample office windows, I have one of the most

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.685154
Retrieved Text: Fireworks are different colors because they burn at different temperatures. I make fireworks as a hobby. This is why it is easier for purple stars to get blown dark than red ones. The burst charge may not be hot enough for long enough to light them.
That is just flat wrong. Fireworks are different colours because the different metal salts in them produce light of different wavelengths depending on their respective electron energy levels.
Not particularly. The Earth and the atmosphere at the surface are the same temperature. They are both emitting the same thing. The Earth is emitting a much narrower spectrum and at lower power than what comes from the sun. Absorption has more to do with the sun, simply because more energy is available from that direction. Absorption is directionless, but the greater energy source is prevalent.
Well, that can't be right. On average, the Earth must be emitting the same amount of energy as it receives from the sun if it is to maintain a constant temperature. It's just that most of the energy from the sun comes in the form of visible light, while the radiation emitted from the Earth is all infra-red. This means there is more IR radiation going up than going down. As we know, the atmosphere is completely transparent to visible light, but it is not completely transparent to IR radiation. Some of the IR radiation passing through the atmosphere (most of which is going up, remember) is absorbed and subsequently re-emitted in all directions. So some of it goes

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.618746
Retrieved Text: If you want to enjoy, unforgettable, the enchanting routes of the island, follow one of our experienced drivers and just enjoy every moment. Any kind of cycling and whether you like Lesbos can offer you routes that will leave you completely satisfied. Cross the whole island and experience the secrets of hiding its villages, taste local delicacies that will fill you with energy to climb the steep slopes and cool down on the countless springs sparkling crystal clear water. Fly in endless miles of pine trees and go down to one of the many hot springs to relax in their thermal waters.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.447628
Retrieved Text: A louvered balcony enclosure at the corner of each floor houses an HVAC unit. Structural thermal breaks insulate exterior balcony slabs from interior floor slabs while supporting loads equivalent to conventional monolithic balcony castings.
Structural thermal breaks within the building envelope (left wall) insulate interior floor slabs from exterior balcony slabs (shown) at the corner of each floor where electrical HVAC units are located.
Louvered exterior balcony enclosures at the corner of each floor house an electric HVAC unit. Structural thermal breaks cast between exterior balcony slabs and interior floor slabs minimize thermal bridging, while supporting loads equivalent to conventional monolithic balcony castings.
Isokorb® structural thermal breaks for steel-to-steel construction insulate the steel building canopy from interior structural steel supporting it. In addition to supporting loads and reducing heat loss, STBs prevent the formation of condensation and mold adjacent to cold structures on the interior side of the envelope.
Roosevelt Island, New York City – At 26 stories, The House at Cornell Tech is the tallest high-rise Passive House building in the world. The ground-breaking residential tower at Cornell Tech on Roosevelt Island was developed in partnership with The Hudson Companies and Related Companies.
Speaking for Buro Happold, which provided structural and MEP engineering services for the project, Associate Principal Julie Janiski says the firm expressed confidence about meeting Passive House standards during initial meetings with Handel Architects, The Hudson Companies and Cornell.
This decision to pursue Passive House principles is revolutionary in this high-rise application because Passive House is the strictest energy efficiency standard for buildings in the world. Developed in

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.412434
Retrieved Text: The revenues that Australia earns form export of coal could suddenly drastically go down if China decides to use more of domestic coal and if competing exports are favoured by continued port restrictions, said reports published in the Australian media quoting warning from a federal government report of the country.
The report by the industry department said that the energy and resources exports of Australia will add another $20bn to come to $278bn this financial year.
However there is an imminent threat for the country’s coal exporting industry to China worth $5bn, the report, released on Friday, also warned.
the manner in which the Chinese government had restructured its domestic coal sector in the last decade or so was detailed in the report, which would seriously hamper the export revenue of Australia even as there are increasing concerns about Chinese ports imposing delays on Australian coal shipments.
The report also said that following the construction of rail freight lines to hard-to-reach coalfields hundreds of kilometres inland, China now has direct access to about 200m tonnes of thermal capacity coal. Connectivity to gain direct access to another 400m tonnes of capacity is being constructed.
Last year, Australia exported 208m tonnes of thermal coal worth $26bn which makes it the second largest exporter of the mineral in the world. exports to China accounted for about 20 per cent of that number.
According to the report, even though it was possible for Australian thermal coal to find new markets such as India, there would always be a downward pressure on price.
“If there is a prolonged

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.39743
Retrieved Text: One aspect many homeowners fail to consider when orienting their house is passive solar energy. Usually everyone is very concerned about views, which is important, the last thing you want to see out of your living room windows is the town’s water storage tank, but many times you can take advantage of views and the suns warm rays. New Mexico is a unique state in that we can go from the heat of the desert up to the snow in the mountains within a few hours. If you happen to be in a place that is a little colder, passive solar energy is something you definitely want to consider.
Here is an unofficial definition of passive solar energy.
The collection of solar energy thorough properly oriented, south facing windows, the storage of this energy in “thermal mass” materials with high heat capacity such as concrete slabs, brick walls or tile floors. The natural distribution of the stored solar energy back to the living space.
Sounds a little complicated, but this is basically what happens. The sun comes into the south facing windows, heats up not just the room but whatever thermal mass is in the room, like the concrete slab. The slab will store the energy, and at night when the sun goes down, the slab releases the heat back into the room. I know it sounds too simple and good to be true, but it works. I would not recommend it had I not had the opportunity to experience it myself. I have a wall of south facing

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.302675
Retrieved Text: This fan is the big brother to our air blower barrel fan. It moves 17,173 CFM of air, making it one of the strongest barrel/drum fans we have available. It is called a man cooler fan, because that is essentially what it does. When placed in heated areas, it moves mass amounts of air to help cool your employees down. Human bodies have a built-in temperature regulation system. Their metabolism produces body heat. In order to maintain thermal equilibrium, the body must lose heat at exactly the same rate as its metabolism produces it. This is where the man cooler fan comes into the equation. If air is stagnant and not moving, there is no way to help cool down the human body. Get the air moving and cooling becomes much more effective.
For a more industrial cooling fan, please take a look at our evaporative man cooling fan, which actually cools the air by evaporation (which works best in drier climates).
Single speed fan moves maximum amount of air for cooling employees down as they work.
Pulls 8.6 amps, making it one of the highest powered fans we have to offer, while still pulling a reasonable amount of electricity.
165 pound man cooler fan is mounted on steel wheels with rubber tires to make it extremely portable.
Fabricated from 100% steel making this fan extremely durable in industrial settings.
UL/CUL listing makes this cooling fan safe for use in any type of facility.
This is a review for the AirMaster Portable Man Cooler Fan - Belt Drive.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.278872
Retrieved Text: Barista Pro 3 Groups is the solution that adapts to all the needs of the espresso market. For Medium –high coffee consumption. It has 3 coffee outputs, 2 steam productions, and one hot water production.
It is manufactured from 100% stainless steel and features a minimalist and functional design. It offers excellent quality in coffee, and the highest standards of food safety, as it meets energy efficiency standards. With ergonomic handles and illuminated buttons. Each group weighs 3,7 kg.
In-factory setting, but programmable through the button pad. During distribution, the ground coffee is pre-washed for a few seconds with unpressurised hot water. Afterwards, it is extracted with pressurised hot water from the pump. This allows greater extraction of water-soluble substances and achieves a denser and longer-lasting froth. Neither stainless steel nor its soldering releases oxides. Its offers optimal corrosion resistance. It is an excellent choice from a hygiene point of view.
Its design allows the entire top surface area (45 wide by 65 long) to be used as a cup warmer. Works in active or "ready-to-use" mode, with an energy-saving function. The rail around this top area is made of 100% stainless steel.
Also, it features a double showerhead for optimal extraction and drying of coffee doses.
Barista PRO, gives the possibility to have an insulated boiler to minimize thermal losses, but also be constructed from 100% stainless steel, even in the casing. Furthermore, it may have work area light and inox legs. Finally, it can be manufactured with a raised group to accommodate larger cups. On "Raised"models the distance between

================



======= Instance Index 41 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are increase or decrease ):

The farther the object is stretched or compressed, the greater its elastic potential energy is.


Decker pulls some taffy as far as he can. The elastic potential energy of the candy would increase or decrease?

Target Text: increase

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 33.74874
Retrieved Text: Two old time classics have come together to bring you a delicious treat your whole family will love: Cotton candy and salt water taffy! These Cotton Candy Salt Water Taffies will add a touch of warm summer days any time of the year.
Cotton candy has a history dating back to the 18th century and was first recorded as delighting people in Europe. Machine spun cotton candy as we know it today was developed in 1897. And salt water taffy was invented in the 1800s after salt water flooded a candy shop owner's candy supply! See how this historic couple has united to bring you a delicious treat when you get your bag today.
I ordered this initially for my wedding for a candy bar and leaned towards this flavor for the color (even though I love cotton candy flavored things). When we recieved it, it was perfect. There were many compliments on it at the wedding reception, and since I (the bride)only got to eat a few, I reordered some just for myself. It again arrived quickly (2 days) and in perfect condition. I would not hesitate to order anything!
I was exhibiting at a conference and my colors are peach and teal, so I ordered this taffy to match the booth (I know, it sounds a little eccentric but....). I was worried about the flavor though - sounded way too sweet and icky. But both the color of the taffy and the flavor were perfect. I had someone from Denmark email me to find out where I

########
Rank: 1
Score: 33.443226
Retrieved Text: Caitlyn Taffy Pulling, Because Science!
I gave the kids (Caitlyn and some homeschool friends) a short lecture about atomic structure, molecular bonds, solutions (and why it’s not a reaction), and what it means to be supersaturated. I’m never really sure how these little talks land with the kids; Caitlyn always says very positive things but the others are often so quiet I’m not at all certain anything sticks. I’ve decided to take the steady deluge approach: if they are always swimming in lots of knowledge, eventually some of it will osmosis its way to permanence, right?
Then, on to the sweet part! Taffy syrup needs to cook over low heat until it’s 260 degrees. High heat will scorch the sugar (don’t stir or you’ll end up with gritty candy), so this process is long and slow. I sent the kids outside and read half a novel.
As soon as you can touch it without injury, you start pulling. The point of pulling taffy (it’s stretch and fold, really) is to incorporate air into the candy. This makes it light and chewy in texture.
Of course, it’s really sticky. We started with cornstarch on our fingers and that wasn’t at all effective. Cornstarch all over the hands wasn’t much better, buying you a couple of minutes of reduced stickiness. Butter was more effective, but it also worked its way into the candy, leaving you, well, sticky. I wonder if starting with butter and then having someone sprinkle powdered sugar in as the butter was absorbed would be effective. I’m guessing that

########
Rank: 2
Score: 33.21692
Retrieved Text: when the wonderful charlie of yankee pop asked if i would be interested in sampling some of their freshly imported treats, i just about laughed in response. i mean, what kind of question is that?! being a fully fledged member of both the sweet tooth alliance and a female in their 20's (just), how could i say no to that? i warned him that if he was making false claims about this offer that i would hunt him down and kill him. and then this arrived (albeit 2 weeks later, no thanks to the wonder that is royal mail)..
and that's the day i died.
died and went to a chocolatey, refined sugar-filled heaven. i haven't had taffy since i was on holiday in the states over 10 years ago. when i was trying to explain taffy to boyfriend, the best comparison i could come up with was "it's like stripes". for the record: taffy is nothing like maoam. so i devoured the strawberry taffy while he was prepping dinner; i'd finished the entire thing by the time he was done. i then started on the banana - then i was bus-ted.
i was like an actual child in a sweet shop.
if you're a fan of candy like i am, and don't have the luxury of an overpriced olde fashioned candy store nearby, you can now buy american sweets from yankee pop here in the uk - they'll deliver all your favourite treats (just about) everywhere inside the uk, and have a massssssive range of retro soda too! a+w

########
Rank: 3
Score: 33.021404
Retrieved Text: Growing up, I had the BIGGEST sweet tooth. Any type of candy, I would eat it. As I grew older, I still kept my sweet tooth, but I became much pickier about the type of candy I eat.
Since middle school or so, I have avoided salt water taffy. It once was a childhood favorite, but its artificial flavors and colors, in addition to its cloyingly sweet taste, made me pass over it time and time again.
Salty Road taffy makes me want to eat salt water taffy again. This artisanal taffy company creates a chewy, addicting candy with just the right about of salty crunch and sweet flavors. How could you skip out on Bergamot taffy or Salted Mango Lassi taffy? Salty Road is a childhood favorite, meant for adult tastes.
Their nostalgic packaging makes me smile–it’s so bright and perfect for summer! Salty Road taffy makes a lovely gift for your summer barbecue hosts.
You can find them at Dean & Delucas across the country, BiRite in San Francisco, and at Salt and Sundry in Washington DC.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 32.787792
Retrieved Text: Candystore.com has put together an interactive map of the U.S. showing what is the Top Halloween Candy in each state. They have delivered candy all over the country for years and use that date to compile this list.
I found some of the responses somewhat surprising. For example, the top candy in Nebraska is Salt Water Taffy. Given the choice who would pick Salt Water Taffy over anything else?
You can see the full colorful and fun interactive candy map at Candystore.com.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 32.758595
Retrieved Text: The lemon room at Royal Fairy Academy was humming with excitement. I couldn’t sit still. My wings were fluttering nonstop.
Our teacher, Lady Cherry, was talking about Parent Night. It was three days away. All the royal parents of first-year students were invited to school for a special night filled with candy surprises.
“I am working on it,” I told her.
I sighed. I didn’t know what to make for Parent Night. We had to make a candy different from our own talent. Since I am a Chocolate Fairy princess, making mini chocolate chips is my talent and how I got my name! My mother, Princess Lolli, was a Candy Fairy princess and my dad, Prince Scoop, was an Ice Cream Fairy prince. Mini chocolate chips taste great in candy and ice cream.
What was I going to make for the ruling royalty of Candy Kingdom? Sometimes being a fairy princess was a whole lot of pressure.
“Can we work with a friend?” Princess Cupcake asked. She flipped her long blond hair to one side. She smiled at Lady Cherry. Her smile might have been sweet, but Princess Cupcake was not all sugar.
She was my cousin and Prince Frosting’s twin. Prince Frosting was in our class too. I knew Princess Cupcake was not thinking of working with him. Cupcake had her eye on her best friend, Princess Swirlie. The two of them together were sticky icky.
“I hope we don’t have to work together,” Prince Frosting burst out. He gave Cupcake a sour look.
Princess Taffy, my best friend, tapped my arm. “Did

########
Rank: 6
Score: 32.611996
Retrieved Text: How to make peppermint TAFFY with your kids for the holidays.
Kids enjoy traditions, those special experiences that come only once a year, so start an annual taffy pull with your family. Your kids will remember so much more than just the sweet tasting candy. They’ll remember the time spent together with family. With you.
My great-grandmother was a school-age girl when taffy was first invented by a candy company in Atlantic City back in 1883—it’s a favorite family story. Taffy became a popular candy to make at home after that. Learn more at Researching Food History.
I still have great-grandma’s handwritten taffy recipe handed down to me when I was a girl.
Taffy-pulling parties were popular in the late 1800s.
Some of my favorite memories are of time spent with grandma, making peppermint taffy with my twin sister each year.
Kids love making treats of any kind, but there’s something extra-special about a taffy pull.
When I grew up and had school-age boys of my own, I passed the tradition on them (yes, boys love making taffy, too!).
that make the holidays more meaningful for your kids.
And now I’m sharing the recipe so you can start a taffy-making tradition with your family.
Ready for some old-fashioned homemade fun? Let’s make taffy!
part of this activity while your kids help in other ways. See below).
About 30 minutes to pull, cut and wrap the taffy.
Gather all of your ingredients and supplies before you start. Taffy-making is sticky business. You won’t want to be searching through the cupboards for something!
fingerprints all over your cabinets!
Measure the sugar, salt and

########
Rank: 7
Score: 32.48815
Retrieved Text: It pulls, stretches, bubbles, hardens, crunches, and melts! We eat about 7-billion tons of it yearly. We're talking about Candy--loved by kids and savored by adults. Candy-making evolved from a handmade operation to high-tech mass production. Nowhere is that more apparent than at Hershey's. On a tour of their newest production facility, we learn how they process the cocoa bean. At See's Candy, we see how they make their famous boxed chocolates--on a slightly smaller scale than Hershey's. We get a sweet history lesson at Schimpff's Confectionery, where they still use small kettles, natural flavors, and hand-operated equipment. Then, we visit Jelly Belly, purveyors of the original gourmet jellybean. Saltwater-taffy pullers hypnotize us on our sweet-tooth tour; we gaze at extruders making miles of licorice rope; and watch as nostalgia candy bars Abba-Zaba and Big Hunk get packaged. And in this sugary hour, we digest the latest sensations--gourmet chocolates and scorpion on a stick!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 31.980387
Retrieved Text: The holidays are right around the corner, and we know many of our patients are looking forward to some time spent relaxing, reconnecting with family, and enjoying some delicious holiday treats. Unfortunately, though, many of the treats we love to indulge in during the holidays can pose a serious danger to braces. Hard, sticky, gooey, crunchy, and sugary foods can all damage teeth, brackets, and wires, and it’s easy to forget to be careful about diet during the holidays. To help you navigate the season without damaging your braces, here are a few foods to steer clear of during the coming months.
Candy Canes: The site of a red and white cane is almost synonymous with the holiday season, but unfortunately, it's also a danger to braces. Candy canes can easily break brackets or get lodged in wires, so this year, it's best to avoid them.
Pecan Pie: As delicious as a warm slice of pecan pie might be, the nuts and sugar in this dessert spell bad new for brackets and wires. Instead, opt for something softer, like cheesecake.
Peanut Brittle & Peppermint Bark: While these may be delicious holiday staples, they're a nightmare for braces. Instead, go for something simple like soft milk chocolate paired with fruit.
Taffy: Whether it's Laffy or saltwater, taffy easily gets stuck in wires or pulls of brackets. For the sake of your braces, it's best to steer clear of this one.
Anything with Nuts: Brownies, pies, breads, or stuffings with nuts are bad news for braces. If possible, opt for the nut free

########
Rank: 9
Score: 31.602213
Retrieved Text: Brisket photo by Scott Gaspar.
Brisket is incredibly easy to make and pretty hard to mess up: You can add a little too much of this, or a bit too little of that, but as long as you have a few basics, all of the flavors will meld perfectly with time in the oven to bring you a delicious, juicy brisket.
The problem with many briskets, however, is that they are either too sweet, too dry and/or too fatty. Furthermore, they can be both too dry and too fatty.
The brisket cut of meat is historically poor man’s food; it cost less than tender cuts of meat like filet mignon, but if cooked long enough will be just as tender.
We have been having a tough time in Israel these past weeks. Sirens have had us rushing to shelters, and the country is in turmoil.
Let’s face it, when we are stressed out, food is a great comfort. When we are talking comfort food, how can chocolate not immediately come to mind?
Chocolate brownies are a great way to deliver the king of all sweets. I have been through many brownie recipes. Some I like because they are very quick to make, others, because they are just decadent and over the top. Recently, I found a recipe that I think has to be the Holy Grail of brownie recipes. It is everything a real classic brownie should be. It uses lots of chocolate and then a little more, and the result is one of the most chocolaty, lush, rich brownies you will

########
Rank: 10
Score: 30.911001
Retrieved Text: By using a whipping process and 24 hour long batch conditioning process, we produce a soft texture taffy that simply melts in your mouth. Add to that the finest in domestic and imported flavors, and the result is perfection in confection! Try some today!
We have been a family business for over 99 years. Our company was originally known as the Glade Candy Company offering individuals the finest in gourmet candy. In 1995, the name was changed to Taffy Town, Inc. to reflect our total dedication to taffy excellence. Our company then expanded to serve a World Wide market. Our gourmet salt water taffy is sold in specialty shops across the country.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 30.820719
Retrieved Text: While making this taffy, there was a moment when I almost went full-out Veruca Salt. If I hadn't been alone in my kitchen, I would have insisted that whomever was with me, get me an Oompa Loompa. But dahh-deee, I want an Oompa Loompa now!
Wanna know why? Because pulling taffy for the first time is frustrating business. And it requires pretty darn close to a full stick of butter. For your hands. I'm talkin' a thick, vaseline-like layer. All over. Otherwise, you will have hot lava-style molten candy burning the bejeezus out of your epidermis. As in, just sticking there. Burning away. And you know you'll be tempted to stick that molten spot directly into your mouth to cool it down.
And we all know how well that works.
So, you can see how having a few extra Oompa Loompas around the house might come in handy. For candy-making endeavors. That Willy Wonka knew what he was doing when he took his chances amongst the Vermicious Knids, Wangdoodles, and Snozzwangers of Loompa Land to rescue those guys.
All that said - YUM! So incredibly worth it. I have a house full of taffy-lovers, myself included, who were over-the-moon with the results of this experiment. It's perfectly chewy, yet buttery... which is surely the result of my hand-slathering. And now I know how to do it, so I'll be doing it more often.
Like, maybe a whole two times per year.
Butter a 15"x10"x1" baking sheet; set aside.
Combine sugar, corn syrup, vinegar, and salt in a large, heavy saucepan. Cook and stir

########
Rank: 12
Score: 30.7107
Retrieved Text: Blue as the ocean, the Cotton Candy-Flavored Light Blue Saltwater Taffy from Oh Nuts will take you and everyone who tries it back to summer vacations, seaside amusement parks and fun in the sun - even if it's the dead of winter in the Midwest. Kosher and gluten free, this tasty taffy is perfect for wedding receptions, birthday bashes, baby showers and a ton of other social gatherings. It tastes so good, however, you may want to buy some extra bags just for your personal stash.
Made in the U.S., this old-fashioned treat is available in 1-pound or 3-pound bags or a 27-pound case that saves you money with a quantity discount and free shipping. Not sure? Try our low-cost sampler size to see. Try it; you'll like it.
This is the third time I've ordered this product, these are simply amazing! They've been a big hit at parties. The taste is light and delicious, I will be ordering again and again.
This was my largest candy jar on the table. The color is so lovely and made a wonderful impact - visually stunning. The best part about this item was the taste. It was so fresh and the taste was great. Guest loved it!
I bought these to be used on the candy buffet at our baby shower. I personally LOVE, LOVE, L-O-V-E these candies! The cotton candy flavor is there and not too much or too powerful. I could eat a bag by myself. You won't go wrong with these, trust me.
I bought this for my daughters bat

########
Rank: 13
Score: 30.566353
Retrieved Text: Pony Tails Candy store is Chincoteague's one stop shop! Come in for our famous homemade salt water taffy, coined "Pony Tails", because of the resemblance of the taffy shape to the tails of Assateague Islands famous ponies. Stock up on our delicious made-in-house creamery fudge, handmade chocolates, gummies, and novelty candy that will take you back to your childhood. We also feature jewelry, home decor, toys, the largest plush pony collection on the Shore and great gift items for all ages and every budget.
Opened by the late Ralph and Lois Daisey and sold in 2006 to the Dolle candy making family from Ocean City, the original recipe of Pony Tails salt water taffy is still used and the flavor offerings have been expanded as well. Having the taffy puller out in the open back in the day was a favorite of longtime customers, but with the increased volume of the taffy sold, the required building codes and the need to provide a safe, sanitary location for highly specialized candy manufacturing, the machine was moved to the Dolle’s manufacturing facility in Ocean City.
Next time you are in the area, stop in and say hi and grab a sample of our delicious salt water taffy. Can’t make it to Chincoteague? You can shop in our online store and have it shipped from our shore to your door!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 30.505886
Retrieved Text: VIRGINIA BEACH Va,- May 23rd is National Taffy Day!
The brightly colored candy with hundreds of flavors if a favorite for people of every age.
The confection is made by boiling sugar and butter, and then stretching the candy into a chewy consistency.
Finally it's rolled, cut and wrapped.
Taffy was first created in Atlantic City New Jersey in the 1880's.
You can enjoy some local taffy from Forbes Candies in Virginia Beach, Norfolk and North Carolina.
See a full list of locations on their website here.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 30.42474
Retrieved Text: If you’re heading to Pigeon Forge or Gatlinburg for Valentine’s Day this year, you’re in luck. Besides cozy 1-2 bedroom cabins that are ideal for romantic getaways, the area offers gorgeous natural surroundings, many wonderful restaurants for romantic dinners, flower shops for that perfect bouquet, and of course…lots of candy and sweet treats!
In Pigeon Forge, you won’t be left rushing to the pharmacy on the corner to grab a heart-shaped box of chocolates (with no diagram telling you what’s in them!). The Parkway that runs through Pigeon Forge and Gatlinburg is peppered with candy shops that feature unique treats sure to wow your Valentine.
Candy-coated apples, creamy fudge, cinnamon-covered nuts, old-fashioned hard candies, hand-pulled taffy, chocolate-covered cherries, brittles and pecans, chocolate truffles, chocolate-dipped strawberries, cupcakes…there is no end to the lineup of Valentine’s Day treats in the Smokies!
You can order online or stop in ahead of time and make up a custom bag or basket of goodies, or you can pick out candy together as you stroll hand-in-hand along the Parkway. From chocolates and ice cream to hard candies and donuts, here are just a few of our favorites in the area.
Chocolate Monkey is a chocoholic’s dream, with glass cases full of homemade fudge, truffles, brittles, turtles, candy-covered apples, and so much more. Fill up a box with mint chocolate and maple nut fudge, caramel pecan apples, or turtles to enjoy back in the cabin!
Whipping up delicious treats in their old-fashioned copper kettles, The Old Mill Candy Kitchen offers an impressive assortment of Valentine’s Day goodies. There

########
Rank: 16
Score: 30.248844
Retrieved Text: We’re all for healthy living …but sometimes we just need to indulge. By making your own homemade candy, you can enjoy natural, authentic flavours while avoiding industrial additives. The best part? It’s not as complicated or time-consuming as it may sound. We put together a selection of popular recipes to try – on your own or with your favourite kitchen companions.
Simply Sweet: 10 Easy Homemade Candies.
Fudge – Buckle up chocoholics, because candy doesn’t get more indulgent than this. Fudge is essentially just sugar, milk and cream (or butter) mixed up into a mass of deliciousness that begs you to sink your teeth in. First documented around the end of the 19th century, this candy is definitely American in origin – though its distant British cousin, toffee, seems to have preceded it. Our Tip: vegan fudge recipes replace dairy with coconut milk – give it a try.
Candied Fruit – Love candied fruit in your Christmas pudding? It’s really easy to make at home, and it can be kept for a rather long time (6-8 weeks), so you can start making your holiday gift goodies early. Candied orange peel in particular is a versatile ingredient: Use it to flavour your cookies, tea or even your salads. Our Tip: Start with organic oranges and lemons to avoid traces of pesticides.
Salt Water Taffy – Did you know… that there’s no salt water in salt water taffy? Maybe you did. Still, the legend claims that the name originated in a flooded candy store in New Jersey. To acquire the right consistency,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 30.209599
Retrieved Text: Until this past Wednesday, I didn't realize there was such a thing as a peanut-butter-and-jelly flavored soda.
Then I visited the new Rocket Fizz Soda Pop & Candy Shop at Marketfair shopping center and my knowledge of the world's products bubbled furiously over the top of the glass that contains my brain. In a fun way.
Fun is what Rocket Fizz is all about. The store, owned by Kyle and Ann Sims, is part of a growing chain that specializes in a huge variety of unique, odd, nostalgic and hard-to-find candies, sodas, toys and gifts.
You want wax lips? Bubble-gum cigars? Bendy action figures? Hello Kitty cotton candy? Cap guns? Sugar Babies? Vintage rock-concert posters? Gum dispensed by a toy chicken? Tiny rubber hands or tentacles? Taffy? Wacky glasses? Pez? Glow-in-the-dark putty? I could go on. And on.
The store stocks 371 soda varieties, including Cheerwine, several cream sodas, lots of root beers, boutique sodas such as those by Jones Soda Co., and plenty of gullet startlers - like Martian Poop soda, Ranch Dressing soda and Buffalo Wing soda.
It has hundreds of types of candy, including lots and lots of taffy flavors.
And it has lots of gag gifts.
"We get a lot of 'ooh' reactions," Ann Sims said. "I think that's the best part of it."
The Simses had hoped to open sooner than last Monday to take advantage both of Christmas shoppers and the opening night of "Star Wars" at the 15-screen Carmike theater next door.
But they're glad they got open when they did and are pleased that nearby Planet Fitness

########
Rank: 18
Score: 30.056791
Retrieved Text: Enjoy the fresh picked taste of juicy peaches and the smooth, chewy texture of your favorite candy with our peach taffy! Each enticing morsel features a lovely orange-peach color that looks similar to the skin on the ripe fruit it is inspired by.
The bite-sized round pieces are perfect for quick snacking while on the go or as an easy treat at home. Take a bite and enjoy the fruit flavor of succulent peaches – it's like a trip to the orchard neatly packaged in its own wrapper!
Bulk peach taffy is a convenient choice for special occasions. Use them to make unique wedding favors that match your color scheme or put together a fun treat bag for a birthday party.
Our single flavor taffy packs make it easy to build a custom candy mix for your event! Enjoy alone or combine with other bulk taffy flavors. Discover another reason to love classic candy with our delectable peach taffy!
We use the peach taffy on a regular in two salons as a treat for the clients ! Huge hit !

########
Rank: 19
Score: 30.003193
Retrieved Text: Bonomos Turkish Taffy - Chocolate 2ct.
Home | Retro Candy |See All Candy A-Z |Bonomo Turkish Taffy | Bonomo Turkish Taffy - Chocolate - 2ct.
It's Back!! Chocolate flavored Bonomo's Turkish Taffy, the chewy, taffy-like candy bar we've all been missing!
2 - 1.5oz. Chocolate Bonomos Turkish Taffy Bars.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 29.927303
Retrieved Text: Drink more water and improve energy levels, boost your immune system, promote healthy skin, aid weight loss and much more.Show Details Exclusions, details: Hurry and save today!Helping you track improve your water intake.With our Bobble discount codes you can get your hands on whatever style..
Tickets are available below. .Weitere Informationen zu unseren Cookies und dazu, wie du die Kontrolle darüber behältst, findest du hier: Cookie-Richtlinie.The Economist Coupons Codes.19,270 likes 781 talking about this.We have stirling castle tickets discount new lego artists and lego displays that have never been seen..
This way, you can always carry your favourite distro in your pocket on best cheap unisex gifts your bootable thumb drive!Gone are the days of installing Windows from DVD drives.With LiveUSB Install you can effortlessly install various Linux distributions on your thumbdrive.Project Samples, other Useful..
Bring the carnival directly to your next party or event and showcase your taffy candies in a candy Ferris wheel!
If you are willing to buy the entire batch we can customize the taffy color of how to wrap a gift in a scarf virtually any of our flavors for you.Although we employ careful sanitation procedures in our cooking process it is important that you know that there is a chance of allergens being introduced into your product so please be cautious if you have a severe allergy.When you turn to Oh!Atlantic City, New Jersey area of the, jersey Shore starting in the 1880s.He was sued over this demand, and in 1925, the trademark was invalidated as being in common use.Salt water taffy is still

########
Rank: 21
Score: 29.858082
Retrieved Text: Sometimes you just want a cocktail that combines alcohol with nostalgic childhood treats. This collection of candy drinks – and also drinks that mimic popular soft drinks – should help you scratch that itch.
1. Laffy Taffy: this drink tastes more or less like Laffy Taffy candy, but has about the same alcohol content as the Zombie.
2. Nilla Wafer Martini: vanilla with hints of almond.
3. Junior Mint: with this delicious chocolate mint shot, you don’t really need a mint garnish.
4. Jolly Rancher Vodka: you can make this infusion more quickly and easily than Skittles Vodka, and some people like the taste better.
5. Lemon Drop Martini: this always delicious little treat actually does taste like lemon drops.
6. Caramel Candy: this MixThatDrink original combines our Salted Caramel Vodka infusion with cream, vanilla and cognac.
7. Crispy Crunch: designed to taste like a chocolate and peanut butter bar from Cadbury, which was – as far as I know – only available in Europe.
8. Red Hot Shots: remember those little delicious cinnamon candies from childhood? Imagine a tequila/schnapps combination that tastes almost exactly like them.
9. Marshmallow Infused Vodka: infuse some vodka with marshmallows, and you get liquid marshmallows with a kick.
10. Vodka Gummy Bears: vodka infused gummy bears make great party nibbles.
Or see how to make them in a 1-minute video!
11. Rum ‘n’ Coke Gummies: even better than the bears; the gummies taste like cola, then you soak them in rum, and voilà!
12. Vanilla Creamsicle: remember Dreamsicles, those orange and vanilla flavored popsicles? Imagine taking that flavor and adding a burst of

########
Rank: 22
Score: 29.83853
Retrieved Text: Much like most things in the world, candy is not a one-size-fits-all indulgence. While it may be a near universal truth that everyone loves candy, counting at least one treat as a go-to favorite that always tastes as good as the first one they ever enjoyed, many of us have dietary restrictions that allow for us to only eat certain foods, baked goods and candies. These restrictions, including that foods must be sugar free or gluten free, apply to not only many adults, but many children as well.
Too Tarts Sugar Free Drops – Somehow candy is even more exciting and enjoyable when it comes in a fun container, and these sugar free Too Tarts certainly do! Each bottle of this “Sugar Free Candy With Attitude!” packs just 7 calories and plenty of fun. Each box of 36 contains 3 flavors – Blue Bewwy, Gween Apple and Straw Bewwy.
Sugar Free Twizzlers – One of the best warm weather candies there is, we’re excited to offer Sugar Free Twizzlers, which are just as dee-lish as the original. This generously-sized 5 oz. bag holds 16 strawberry Twizzlers – more than enough to last a few extra innings!
Push Pops – The wrappers may have received an update over the years, but the classic container of Push Pop lollipops is immediately recognizable. A favorite for more years than I care to count, these make a nostalgic candy treat for adults, and are just plain fun for the kids. And if you’re enjoying one in the dugout and it’s time to play

########
Rank: 23
Score: 29.802553
Retrieved Text: Wholesale candy filled stockings in a 100 count box. If you are looking for a lot of Christmas stockings for your event this is the way to go.
Each stocking measures 8 inches from top to bottom and is filled with a variety of Old Time Candies, 14 pieces total. Bit O Honey, Laffy Taffy, Large Lemonheads, Mary Janes, Frooties, Butterscotch candies, Salt Water Taffy, Smarties, black cows and Swedish Fish are just an example of some of the candies included in our stockings.
Over the years we have adjusted our candy filled stockings to design a stocking that has quality candies in them not just the small penny candy, yet something that is affordable. We have many organizations that come back year after year to buy our stockings for their holiday parties. They are perfect for not only kids, but adults love them as well.
Order now and save $30.00 per 100 stockings with this offer compared to ordering them individually.
"Call for shipping fees as sometimes we can manage to get a better shipping price"

########
Rank: 24
Score: 29.577124
Retrieved Text: Candy? In Gatlinburg? No, really?
I know. It doesn’t take a rocket scientist–or much research at all–to figure out that Gatlinburg is pretty loaded when it comes to sugar content, especially downtown on the Parkway. I have a sweet tooth and–like many people who are on vacation–love to indulge in a little of life’s sweet pleasures: chocolate, fudge, taffy; all of which are abundantly displayed in the many shops that line the Parkway, making for a very carnival-like atmosphere. I have managed to whittle down the candy shops, somehow, with my three favorite candy shops in Gatlinburg. Now I admit, I haven’t tried every single one of them, but I have a good idea–after about 12 trips here–which ones I recommend to people who haven’t had a chance to visit this magical place. Here goes.
With two locations on the Parkway, you can see why they are a hit with tourists. They are most famous for their taffy puller located in the front that invites walkers to stop in the window to see how taffy is made. This has been going on for about 70 years so this is more proof they are doing something right here. I think their taffy is pretty good, but it’s not my favorite. I was impressed by their seemingly unlimited chocolate options–my favorites being the different truffles they make which have a nice chocolate shell covering a ganache center sweetened with different flavors: caramel, maple praline, and peanut butter just to name a few. Their selection is probably the best in Gatlinburg,

########
Rank: 25
Score: 29.526785
Retrieved Text: This combination of bold fruit flavors that’s paired with a confectionary classic is going to have you thinking back to when you would head to the store with a few dollars of allowance money in your pocket and purchase one of those unique candy creations that were made at a fictional whacky factory by an eccentric sweet tooth. If you were a candy lover, you will know exactly what we’re talking about here! This juice in particular takes that well loved candy and gives it a much more advanced edge that will appeal even more to our adult side that values complexity and variance. When you are able to taste a blend like this it is going to send a rush of memories through your mind having you thinking back to moments that were once forgotten. Our senses are one of the strongest triggering points when it comes to remembering things and this juice will give such an intense and pleasant experience that you will be smiling for days. Why would you ever want to have the real thing when you have a vape juice blend that has all of the flavor that you desire without having to carry it around and chew until your jaw feels sore. Taffy Man E Liquid makes some of the most enchanting confectionary inspired blends on the market with their use of exquisite ingredients and the time and skill that went into making sure that each and every one of their juices is as amazing tasting as can be. H2OBRY

########
Rank: 26
Score: 29.519081
Retrieved Text: Ole Smoky Candy Kitchen was founded in 1950 by Dave and Peggy Dych. The couple was traveling to California to seek their fortune, and stopped for a visit in Gatlinburg, Tennessee. The young couple immediately recognized the potential of Gatlinburg as a growing motor tourist destination. They envisioned a visually entertaining main street business, serving the tourists with wholesome homemade candies. The Candy was made in full view of the passing motor and walking public.
Candy makers, dressed in white uniforms, stirred large copper kettles while feeding taffy into hypnotic machines. This drew a crowd on the patio outside the windows where seats were installed. The candy was displayed behind glass cases and sold in any quantity requested. Gatlinburg has flourished as a motor tourist destination and Ole Smoky Candy Kitchen is still serving the tourists wholesome homemade candy in the original way - one piece or a box full.
Photo Bottom Page: David Dych, Owner making candied apples.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 29.393599
Retrieved Text: It’s true, in the United States, and around the world, people love candy! In fact, the average American eats about 25 pounds of candy every single year! To add to that, about 1 in 4 adult Americans will consume at least one piece of candy every day of the week! There are many different types of candy candy lovers can purchase and eat. You can pick chocolate (milk chocolate is the most popular candy bar), chewy candy, sour candy, sweet candy- everything loaded with sugar! Today, candy has been a popular portion of parties. People have created candy buffets for guests at parties. Kids and adults, can line up, grab a bag, and fill it will all the sweets their hearts desire. If you’re planning on having a candy buffet at your next party, here’s some candy you need!
Tootsie Rolls are taffy-like candy that has been around in the United States since 1907. Tootsie Rolls are a combination between caramel and taffy. However, they are unique because they don’t melt! Tootsie Rolls have a chocolate like flavor, if you’re in the mood for chocolate, but don’t necessarily want a chocolate bar- this should be your go-to! Let your taste buds savor the flavor of a chocolate milkshake! Tootsie Rolls are definitely needed for a candy buffet.
A candy buffet should always consist of a combination of many different sweets. In fact, there are some people that aren’t fans of chocolate. But, that’s okay! There’s a candy for everyone! Gummy candy comes in many forms. You can purchase

########
Rank: 28
Score: 29.344276
Retrieved Text: Setting the benchmark for salt water taffy, this buttered popcorn confection from Taffy Town® delivers big on long-lasting flavor. One of the most popular taffy flavors, consumers are drawn to the vibrant yellow and white stripes of this gourmet taffy candy. Individually wrapped this nostalgic candy makes the perfect addition to your bulk candy bins. Upsell this handcrafted taffy with other delicious flavors.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 29.325014
Retrieved Text: In this piece of writing, I can help you learn a choc-a-lot more about the history of chocolate. Chocolate is a type of sweet dessert that is normally brown, white or black. It is made out of the seeds of the cocoa tree, cocoa butter, sugar, lecithin and vegetable fat. It’s a great, yummy treat for everyone to enjoy. Read on to find out more about how chocolate shaped it’s way to today.
The first people to discover chocolate were a tribe called the Aztecs. I’m sure that you’ve heard about them before. The Aztecs were a wandering tribe that lived in Northen Mexico. They believed in human sacrifice and that it would keep the sun god alive. As I mentioned earlier, the Aztecs were the ones who invented chocolate. But, their chocolate was in a different form. It wasn’t a block, it was a drink, kinda like hot chocolate. The drink was made out of various seasonings and was mixed with ground cacao seeds to make the finishing product, a spicy, frothy drink which they called chocolatl. I think that we should thank the Aztecs for bringing chocolate into our lives. Without it, we would have died!
One type of chocolate that I have tasted before had an edible wrapper! How PAWSOME is that!
And the one we all know and love…Cadbury! To be honest, I think that Cadbury makes the most astounding chocolate in the world. They make caramel, dark chocolate, white chocolate, milk chocolate and heaven knows what else.
Remember when Hazel had a chocolate themed day

================



======= Instance Index 42 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are hot or cold ):

Increasing air temperature decreases atmospheric pressure.


The air gets thinner when it is hot or cold?

Target Text: hot

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.312359
Retrieved Text: Boiled linseed oil is a penetrating oil that is used to preserve wood. It works by sinking into the pores of the wood where it hardens. It can then be polished or waxed to give the wood luster. To refinish wood that has been treated with boiled linseed oil, the old linseed oil finish must first be removed. Linseed oil breaks down easily with lacquer thinner. The remaining oil in the pores can then be sanded off by hand.
Pour enough lacquer thinner onto a cloth to saturate it. Wipe the thinner onto the surface of the linseed oil with the cloth until the wood has a wet sheen to it. If the cloth gets dry, add more thinner.
Rub hard with the cloth to loosen and break up the linseed oil. You will be able to see a lighter color on the wood when the oil begins to come off. Rub the wood with the cloth until the wood has a consistently lighter color to it. Let the wood dry for one hour.
Rub the wood with more thinner if the surface looks blotchy until you can see consistent, bare wood. Let the wood dry for one hour.
Sand the wood with 100-grit sandpaper attached to a hand block. Sand in short strokes parallel to the grain. Change the sandpaper every 15 minutes or when it gets a dirty buildup on it.
Sand the wood until the sandpaper produces a white powdery sawdust and the wood looks bare and natural.
Always wear breathing and eye protection when working with wood or

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.192577
Retrieved Text: When I look back at my forecast for the remnants of Flo, it was going well, through Monday afternoon, however the heavy showers and storms did not materialize as I thought they would have. There were some that developed in northern VA and moved NE, not N like I expected. This led to some heavy rains for portions of SE PA. Checking the reports some areas saw over 2" of rain. Also, another heavy band (no thunderstorms just rain) developed from north central PA to Albany NY. So the potential was there, but the system got strung out.
Strung out? Yes, strung out. Like stretching a rubber band, as it is stretched the rubber band gets thinner. Think of that as precipitation. As it was stretched, it became thinner and less concentrated. Not that I am complaining. I just like to have an accurate forecast. But after all the rain we've had, I guess only 1" (plus of minus a little) seems like very little.
This was probably our last real flash flood threat of the year as we begin to transition to a more autumn pattern. It will remain mild/warm through Fri, but then a cooler change occurs. After this weekend, do not expect to see 80 degrees too often. Maybe once or twice, but summer is over.
We should still stay moist/wet but the storms will give us heavy rain over the better part of a day, rather than a couple of hours. Over-all I am looking for a good cool down with refreshing air, and lower

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.050106
Retrieved Text: Hello fellow Nail polish lovers!
We all love our nail polish babies, take care of them, use them graciously and do our best to keep them stored for maximum life capacity. But what happens when the Nail polish gets gunky and too thick? Or when your favorite indie glitter polishes need 2-5 minutes of vigorous movement in order to remix glitters into pigment? Or how about those wonderful AIR bubbles that make a fresh manicure look like cheap china made flip flops?
WHAT DO YOU DO? WHAT CAN YOU DO?
There are some solutions to fix and maintain PROPER life and formulation of you nail polish. There are also some HUGE DONTS that you ought to be aware of.
1. DON'T EVER shake the nail polish Up and down. This creates air bubbles and makes your manicure look like those cheap china made flip flops at the dollar store...eek!! All the work of properly doing your nails so they can look like cheap china made products is, TOTALLY NOT WORTH shaking your nail polish up and down.
2. Do NOT, i repeat, DO NOT use acetone to THIN down your nail polish.So what if your grandma did it or your mom and it seemed to make the polish come back to life. Truth is, we as woman spend a good bit of hard earned MONEY, especially if you buy indie polishes or HIGH END brands, to be killing our nail polish with acetone.
Nail polish thinner is formulated first and foremost, to IMPROVE VISCOSITY of the nail polish and help it flow

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.818907
Retrieved Text: 1/07/2005 · Scrub the stain with paint thinner. Pour half a cup of paint thinner into a yogurt container. Saturate a clean rag in the container. Use the rag to scrub off the latex paint. When the rag gets dirty, you can squeeze out the excess liquid into a separate yogurt container. Continue scrubbing until all of the paint is gone. If the stain is very bad, you can pour the paint thinner directly onto... If it's going to come out , dry cleaning will probably be your only hope. The 'splashy' spotting you have actually sounds promising. Pick out one or two items of value and take them to a good cleaners and have them take a look and see what they think.
The two best options are vinegar and dish detergent. Washing with vinegar should get rid of the smell, the amount to use will vary according to how much thinner was spilled on the clothes.... 7/10/2008 · Son got oil paint on pants all over, so I cleaned it off with paint thinners.I've washed them alone twice and they still really smell.How do I get the smell out.
This solution to getting the smell of paint thinner out of your clothes also involves a couple of steps. First, pour a small amount of laundry detergent directly onto the stanky item. how to find the mac address of a router The two best options are vinegar and dish detergent. Washing with vinegar should get rid of the smell, the amount to use will vary according to

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.657314
Retrieved Text: A fire and a cup of coffee – what else is there to do when waiting and scouting for a rise. This is from the Rena River in fall 2014.
Clear air and water – In fall the air gets crisp and clear. It’s like you’ll see longer and better than in the thick and warm midsummer air. It also seems that the water is calming down, and visibility is higher.
Fishing gets difficult – In fall it seems that the fish turn a bit wearier. Therefore, the tippets get thinner, down to 6X or 7X. Presentation must be perfect not to spook the fish. Small insects and thin tippets makes the choice of fly, the presentation, the float and the fight a challenge for every fly fisher.
Some of the most memorable days of the season are for me in fall. It’s strange actually, since it’s far between the big catches that we’re able to do in June and July. But the combination of the beauty of nature, the difficult fishing and just the thought that every trip might be the last for the season is probably why fall is such a great time for fly fishing.
Fall is also challenging due to the lack of a decent hatch. For those not familiar with the Norwegian climate, it is important to understand that temperature can vary enormously in fall – from those Indian summer days to freezing cold ones. Winds and weather in general is unpredictable in fall.
The water temperature drops as well. This season my rivers have not

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.046139
Retrieved Text: Introducing the new iPad Pro, MacBook Air, and Mac mini.
Powerful tools to imagine and create amazing things.
Completely redesigned and packed with our most advanced technology, including an edge-to-edge Liquid Retina display, Face ID, and an A12X Bionic chip, and introducing the new Apple Pencil and Smart Keyboard Folio. It’s the biggest change to iPad since iPad.
The new thinner and lighter MacBook Air features a brilliant Retina display, the security and convenience of Touch ID, the latest‑generation keyboard, and a Force Touch trackpad. And with an enclosure made with 100 percent recycled aluminum, it’s the greenest Mac ever. MacBook Air is your perfectly portable, do‑it‑all notebook.
​Re-engineered in no small way.
Mac mini gets the update of a lifetime, with eighth‑generation 6‑core and quad‑core processors, high‑performance 2666MHz DDR4 memory up to 64GB, all‑flash storage up to 2TB SSD, Thunderbolt 3, HDMI 2.0, and available 10Gb Ethernet. This is massive.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.869913
Retrieved Text: The October Apple Event has just ended. Three new Apple devices were unveiled at the event – A new MacBook Air, iPad Pro and Mac Mini.
Here’s a quick look at how they stack up.
The new iPad Pro has been completely redesigned. It looks like a tablet version of the iPhone XS Max except without the notch.
It comes in two variants, an 11-inch and a huge 12.9-inch version available in Space Grey and Silver colours. Prices start from S$1,199 for the 11-inch and S$1,499 for the 12.9-inch display.
You can order one from Apple Store Singapore now.
The MacBook Air finally gets a Retina Display. It is also thinner and lighter than ever.
Price starts from S$1,789 for the base model with 8GB memory and 128GB SSD storage.
It will come in three colours – Space Grey, Gold and Silver and will be available from 7 November.
The Mac Mini gets upgrades all around. They don’t come cheap though.
Pricing for the new Mac mini starts at S$1,179 for a 3.6GHz 8th-Gen Intel Core i3 processor, 8GB memory and 128GB SSD storage.
It will also be available on Apple Store from 7 November.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.792385
Retrieved Text: Gumdrop has done it again, earlier it released cases even before iphone 5 was released giving us some idea of its shape and size. Now Gumdrop has released cases for iPad 5 even before one week of its release! The new case gives us some clues about the design of the new iPad. The new iPad will be thinner and narrower. MacRumors says that the new iPad will be 15 percent thinner and upto 33 percent lighter than the current iPad.
Gumdrop has posted a 360-degree comparison of the new and old iPads inside its cases, which also shows the new iPad to be narrower. The ports for buttons and cameras all appear to be in the same places as current models.
Gumdrop knows so much about the new iPad because it produces all its goods in China where manufacturers swap information so that a specific region gets a lot of employment jobs. Gumdrop is offering three case designs for the iPad 5: the Drop Tech series, the Drop Tech Designer series, and the Bounce cover. They range in price from $35 to $60.
Previous Apple Introduces MacBook Air with 12 Hours Battery Life!
Next Google Removes Chrome Extensions!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.447605
Retrieved Text: As Engine Oil gets hotter it becomes thinner (less viscous) and will lose its film strength, this all important film strength supported by oil pressure is what keeps bearings, gears, piston rings etc surfaces from touching. Once these surfaces touch metal is removed, clearances widen and wear increases. As this takes place the oil pressure drops and very soon the result will be mechanical failure and engine seizure, resulting in the end of your race, most likely race meeting, replacement engine required and a massive cost to your team.
Oil to Air Transmission Coolers are used for cooling gearboxes, crown wheels and pinion units, differentials and power steering pumps to prevent overheating and loss of pressure due to material expansion that results in greater tolerances and lack of oil circulation and spiralling heat build-up causing mechanical failure and seizing.
Due to the intense nature of motorsport these failures will happen in a very short space of time and using the obp Motorsport Hi-Quality Reliable Oil to Air Coolers is essential to prevent these types of failures. As the air passes through the oil to air cooler it reduces and maintains the oil temperature at a workable, hi performing and reliable temperature preventing engine or transmission failure.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.38731
Retrieved Text: The first thing you’ll notice is how incredibly thin and light it is. iPad Air 2 is an impossibly thin 6.1 millimetres, making it our thinnest iPad ever. And it weighs less than a pound. So it’s even easier to hold in one hand and take with you anywhere.
Ingenuity makes it thin. Aluminum makes it strong.
When it was introduced four years ago, the original iPad set the standard for thinness and lightness. Since then, iPad has become even thinner and lighter. But thanks to its durable aluminum unibody, iPad Air 2 doesn’t sacrifice strength in the pursuit of thinness. From the moment you pick it up, you feel how sturdy and rigid it is.
Not just a thinner display.A better display.
The displays on previous generations of iPad used three separate components. iPad Air 2 changes all that, combining those three layers into just one. This eliminates gaps between layers, along with the internal reflectance caused by those gaps. The result? Colours are richer, contrast is greater, and images are sharper and more vivid.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.364912
Retrieved Text: Spraying is quick, easier than brushing and fun. However, there are several things that can go wrong. Here are six common problems, how to avoid them in the future, and the best ways to fix them if they do attack. The first three have more to do with the material, environment and spray equipment, while the last three are more related to your spraying technique.
As finish flows through the gun, the tip atomizes it into tiny airborne droplets. If those droplets are too large or too thick to flow out during drying, you may end up with a surface that is pebbly, like the surface of an orange peel. Sometimes you can avoid it by using a smaller fluid tip on the gun, but the simplest way to sidestep orange peel is to thin the material.
A pebbly surface on your project, with the texture of an orange peel, is the result of finish droplets that are too large or too thick to dry properly.
Fixing orange peel is fairly easy. Wait until the coat is dry, sand it smooth, and spray the next coat with thinner material.
Incidentally, when you first spray water-based coating, it may look like there is orange peel, but when you let it dry overnight, the finish usually will flow out. That’s because water-based coating has a high surface tension and will create beads of finish, but the evaporation of the high-surface-tension water in the mix will allow the remaining finish to flow out level during the drying process.
Though it is not common in

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.170898
Retrieved Text: [MUSIC] [APPLAUSE] This. [APPLAUSE] This is the new iPad Air 2. It's unbelievably gorgeous, and look how thin it is. Can you even see it? [LAUGH] I'm so excited to be able to tell you about the incredible new iPad Air 2. It is the thinnest iPad we have ever made. Just six point one millimeters thin. That's 18 percent thinner. Than their first iPad Air, which was already 20% thinner than the iPad before it. It makes it the world's thinnest tablet.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.119627
Retrieved Text: the last 3 post were "inside baseball" between Gordy and I.
Some techno issues arose in Admin. and had to be dealt with.
Sorry for getting slightly "off Topic".
I've got my 2nd airbrush, 1st one to use a cup. Hardest technique to learn is to not tip the cup up and spill paint on myself.
All moddlers should get an air brush - it can get paint where a brush can't.
I also recommend a cheap auto compressor, that way you can also use it for bigger jobs and costs about the same.
Unfortunately it didn't come with a cap. Thats what the next model up is for.
Just need to get a technique that won't allow me to forget.
I'm also at the stage of experimenting with washes.
The other problem is getting paint all over my hands when I fill the cup - any suggestions please?
Kuklinzki, It is not a good idea to use a water based wash (Vallejo) on a water based paint job without some kind of protectant coat. What you can do is after your base paint hase cured for at least a day, spray a light coat of future floor wax (or the appropriate brand where you live) over it and let is cure for a few minutes then spray another tyhen let it cure for a day. Then your Vellejo pin wash should work better. If you use oils (I do), make sure you use a medium (thinner) such a mineral spirits or turpenoid to thin the paint. Do not use laquer thinner as it is too

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.049212
Retrieved Text: * Prices: $499 16 GB, $599 for 64 GB, $699 for 128 GB. Cell versions about $130 more.
* Preorders start Oct. 17. Shipping starts next week.
* The 7.9 inch mini gets many of the same features as the new iPad Air 2.
They look the same, but the buzzy new iMac is thinner (5 mm) and has the highest definition yet.
Apple Pay: Begins Monday. Apple’s version of a mobile-based payment system will let people pay for stuff with their iPhone at places like Panera Bread, Target and Uber.
OS X Yosemite: The new Mac operating system should be available today for free. It touts features like a revamped Safari (allegedly 6.6-times faster than other browsers), connects better with the mobile iOS and now lets you make regular phone calls on a Mac.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.858809
Retrieved Text: SIGMA WR filters enable easier handling while shooting and feature excellent water and oil repellent as well as having an antistatic function. UV type filters cut out ultraviolet rays that would normally have a negative effect on your images.
Interchangeable lenses are required to perform their best in different shooting conditions and these new range of filters will certainly ensure their performance to the fullest.
The SGV range of filters are designed to avoid vignetting or the decrease in peripheral light quantities especially when the thinner wide type filters are used with SIGMA lenses. By incorporating Sigma's Super Multi-Layer Coating, the filter reduces flare and ghosting. In addition, black rimmed glass eliminates unnecessary internal reflections, and provides high performance for both digital cameras and film cameras.
With excellent antistatic performance, the filter prevents microscopic dust clinging to the surface. Even if the lens gets soiled, dust can be easily removed using an air-blower.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.791683
Retrieved Text: When it comes to living life to the fullest, there is no substitute for oxygen. The same can be said about losing weight: Oxygen plays an all-important role.
Demographic studies show that people who live at elevations above 7200 feet are three to four times as likely to be overweight as those who live at see level. This phenomena is further evidenced by a study commissioned by the National Park Service that found that rangers assigned to work at Death Valley National Park (282 feet below sea level) are 26 percent thinner than those who reside at elevations between sea level and 400 feet.
Although not all of this weight differential can be attributed to differences in oxygen availability, the evidence is clear that the thinner the air, the fatter the population.
Note: The course of weigh loss on this diet can be accelerated with the addition of Super-Oxygenated Air Capsules.
For more information about purchasing a Super-Oxygen Diet plan, contact us.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.767492
Retrieved Text: When choosing paint for your exterior painting, the most important quality is not color, but composition. There are two basic types of paint, water-based and oil-based. The most common water-based paints are latex, acrylic, and vinyl, which means those materials are used as a binder (holds paint to surface). Alkyd paint, often called oil-based, uses mineral spirits (paint thinner) as a binder. Often, one type of paint is better suited to a particular job than the other, so it is important to know at least a little about each type and the pros and cons of each one.
Water-based paint gets its name from the fact that water is used as the solvent. It is combined with a binder such as latex or acrylic, additives and pigments to create a product that when dry, provides a flexible & durable protective coating for your home. Latex and acrylic paint are both good choices for wood sided homes, as they can expand and shrink with the wood, which prevents blistering and peeling. Water-based paints are a good choice for exterior painting as well because they contain little volatile organic compounds (VOC's), which release into the air, contribute to pollution and may even cause cancer. If you choose any water based paint, be careful of cold temperatures. It should be at least 50 degrees for the paint to work correctly; if it freezes before it dries, it will crack, split and peel.
Oil-based paints use paint thinner as a solvent, and alkyd resins as a binder. In the past, this type

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.739218
Retrieved Text: Apple's supply chain partners have ramped up production for components to be used the company's upcoming second-generation iPad Air, reports Digitimes. Citing sources close to production, the report claims that the device will remained unchanged in terms of size and resolution, but will feature a thinner profile, faster processor, and an improved Touch ID fingerprint sensor.
Apple has also called on touch panel suppliers TPK and GIS to manufacture full-lamination units for the device ahead of its launch this fall. The source also notes that Sharp, Japan Display, and LG Display have also seen their orders increase for the iPhone, likely indicating that Apple is now mass producing screens for the iPhone 6.
Previous leaks have also pointed to a thinner profile for the iPad Air 2, along with reports claiming that the device will feature anti-reflective coating, and an improved Touch ID sensor. It is also most certain that Apple will include a faster processor in the iPad Air 2, as the company will likely integrate its new A8 chip in the device.
Apple will likely launch the iPad Air 2 alongside the next-generation iPad mini with Retina display this fall. The company is also said to be preparing to launch a 12.9-inch iPad in early 2015.
FFS Apple it's thin enough right now!
It's not thin enough until the camera sticks out.
We can all agree that thinner and lighter still is welcome on the iPad. The Air was a huge improvement in that area.
But on the iPhone it isn't. Maybe in bigger models, but the 4" is thinner and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.738571
Retrieved Text: Model Air are liquid acrylic colours designed for airbrush techniques. The formula contains extremely resistant and durable acrylic resin, which makes Model Air superior to other acrylics for airbrushing.
Colours can be mixed together or diluted with water, Model Air Thinner or varnish, according to the effect that you want to achieve. It is generally recommended to mix colours with Model Air Thinner in order to preserve their qualities. Model Air adheres well to all surfaces, especially to resin, plastic, steel and white metal. Once protected with varnish (Matt, Satin or Gloss), Model Air can resist oils, enamels and turpentine. Its resistance to friction is superior to that of other water-based acrylics.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.738544
Retrieved Text: Klean-Strip Paint Thinner Quart, 2015 at Tractor Supply Co.
Klean-Strip Paint Thinner is made with real mineral spirits - making it an excellent thinner for oil-based paint, stain and varnish. It can also be used to clean up oil-based paint splatters and overspray that occur during project, as well as paint, brushes, tools, and equipment immediately when the job is done.
DANGER! HARMFUL OR FATAL IF SWALLOWED. EYE IRRITANT. COMBUSTIBLE. Contains Petroleum Distillates. Keep away from heat, sparks, open flames, and other ignition sources. USE ONLY WITH ADEQUATE VENTILATION TO PREVENT BUILDUP OF VAPORS. Do not use in areas where vapors can accumulate and concentrate such as basements, bathrooms or small enclosed areas. Whenever possible, use outdoors in an open air area. If using indoors open all windows and doors and maintain a cross ventilation of moving fresh air across the work area. If strong odor is noticed or you experience slight dizziness, headache, nausea or eye-watering - STOP - ventilation is inadequate. Leave area immediately. IF THE WORK AREA IS NOT WELL VENTILATED, DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT. A dust mask does not provide protection against vapors. Reports have associated repeated and prolonged overexposure to solvents with neurological and other physiological damage. Intentional misuse of this product by deliberately concentrating and inhaling vapors can be harmful or fatal. Do not take internally. Avoid contact with eyes and prolonged contact with skin.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.72414
Retrieved Text: The resistance, hardness and covering power of Model Air is superior to any known acrylic for airbrushing. The pigments used for airbrush colours need to be ground to the finest possible consistency to avoid obstruction of the airbrush valves. The revolutionary milling process of the pigments used in the Model Air formula gives the modelpainter technical assurance and finest texture when applying the colours to the model, and produces a very superior quality when applying the colours with a brush for miniscule details, washes and transparencies and layered application of diluted glazes.
Colours can be mixed with one another and diluted with water, Model Air Thinner (71.061) or Varnish, according to the effect desired, but Vallejo recommend the use of Airbrush Thinner since this product conserves the properties of the colours. Model Air adheres exceptionally well to all surfaces. The adhesion of Model Air to resin models, plastics, steel and white metal is extraordinary. Once protected with varnish, (Gloss, Matte or Satin) Model Air can be overpainted with solvent based enamels or oil-colours: they withstand cleaning with turpentine and even a light wash with alcohol. The resistance to abrasion of the colours, once varnished, is superior to any other waterbased acrylic.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.66384
Retrieved Text: Designed to meet the tough day-to-day demands of the commercial food service kitchen, PRO knives are expertly crafted in Solingen, Germany. Combining superior quality, technological advances, and affordability, the PRO series offers chefs the confidence to equip their kitchen staff with the best performing stamped food service cutlery. The PRO 7" Santoku Knife is designed with a thinner blade than the traditional chef’s knife, at a 10 cutting edge, and gradually curves up at the very end providing a straighter edge. The hollow edge contains evenly spaced vertical indentations that create small air pockets between the blade and the food. These small air pockets gently push food off the blade and reduce the friction and drag when slicing.
The PRO 7" Santoku Knife is designed with a thinner blade than the traditional chef’s knife, at a 10 cutting edge, and gradually curves up at the very end providing a straighter edge. The hollow edge contains evenly spaced vertical indentations that create small air pockets between the blade and the food. These small air pockets gently push food off the blade and reduce the friction and drag when slicing.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.51427
Retrieved Text: There’s a fresh leak in town showing us the iPad 5 and iPad Mini 2 yet again, in a bunch of very convincing shots. As usual, the images come from China and it’s interesting to notice that the iPad Mini 2 doesn’t get the fingerprint Touch ID tech.
The iPad 5 totally gets it and we’ve got a new screen tech inside the device, making it thinner and lighter than the current models. We’re also seeing a new ribbon cable leaked, yet another reason to see the Touch ID as confirmed. October 22nd is the date when Apple will make the big unveiling related to the new tablets and possibly new iMacs and MacBooks.
Apple Preparing Tablet-Related Event for October 22nd; iPad 5 and iPad Mini 2 Incoming!
Apple Expected to Unveil Thinner iPad and Retina iPad Mini; Bloomberg Sources Confirm!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.46362
Retrieved Text: Has anyone flushed out their A/C system using Lacquer thinner? I'm told by the experts to use Lacquer thinner and not these A/C flushes available on the market because they do not evaporate totally. Also to take the parts off the car as to not damage paint due to the effects of lacquer thinner. For any one who has done this, I would like to here your results.
We did it in the old days.
I use an a/c flush only. It will evaporate with shop air from a compressor.
Fill up evap and condenser with flush and leave it sit for a while.
Take lines off and flush and blow with air.
Do not get flush in compressor and get a new drier.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.376907
Retrieved Text: Product CatalogWhat is Mr. Hobby?
Thumbnail click to zoom it.
Use this thinner to dilute the color a little when you use an air brush or normal brush.
110 ml and 250 ml containers are available.
©2019 GSI Creos Hobby Dept.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.296026
Retrieved Text: Great BMX shoe. Little stiff at first but it gets you going.
Quality seems great, as always with Etnies products. This is obviously one of their thinner shoes, but it still retains the comfort of a skate shoe. Perhaps the ankle cut could be slightly lower or more padded as this seems to catch my ankle slightly when doing any sideways movements. Overall a great shoe!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.295023
Retrieved Text: An experienced Melbourne artist, Terry Matassoni has behind him 30 solo exhibitions. His arts works are displayed by galleries throughout Australia.
He is a painter who uses figurative elements with areas of abstraction. He believes that inspiration for art should be found all around you - wherever you are. There should be enough inspiration for art within a mile from your home.
Before a painting begins, he grids the canvas up with squares and angles as he finds this aids composition and placement of elements.
He always underpaints and gets rid of the white of the canvas straight away.
He uses glazes a lot and is increasingly favours thinner and thinner glazes.
He likes to contrast transparent colours with opaque colours to create effects or to push things back and create depth.
He grids up canvases even for plain-air painting, which he is enjoying increasingly as he finds the process more spontaneous than his studio paintings.
For his larger, studio painting, he does lots of sketching thus creating many possible versions which he plays around with for composition and perspective. Terry likes to plan and believes in the process. He often uses gouache to work things out.
His paintings tell stories - paintings in which things happen or are about to happen, in which people are doing things. The viewer expects something to happen.
Uses figures a lot in various places and doing various things and in various combinations, often in imagined places.
He often paints large and has many paintings on the go at one time ’20 or so’. He likes to plan each painting

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.24759
Retrieved Text: Too many choices? We can help. And if you're still unsure, check out our sample projects to see real-life product applications.
Use this Product Guide to find the right Jasco® product for your job — then check the descriptions below for more product information.
Acetone is a strong, fast-acting solvent that is a thinner and remover for specified coatings, including polyester and epoxy resins, ink, adhesives and contact cement. Acetone is an effective cleanup solvent after the completion of a fiberglass project, for removal of excess fiberglass resin or foreign material from solvent-tolerant surfaces.
Boiled Linseed Oil is a classic wood finish and natural protectant that is produced from the seed of the flax plant and processed so that it will dry faster than raw linseed oil. Boiled Linseed Oil protects and seals unfinished wood surfaces and produces a beautiful hand-rubbed finish on fine wood and antiques.
Japan Drier contains a special blend of lead-free drying agents that accelerate the drying ability of oil-based enamel and varnish. It is especially effective when weather is damp or cool to speed the drying time. Use Japan Drier for these coatings: oil-based paint, oil-based enamel, varnish and polyurethane.
Lacquer Thinner is a high-solvency, medium-drying thinner for lacquer. Cleans tools and equipment after a lacquer project.
Methyl Ethyl Ketone (MEK) is a thinner for specified coatings, including polyester and epoxy resins, ink, and adhesives. It is recommended for use when a rate of evaporation slower than acetone is desired.
Odorless Mineral Spirits is a premium, highly refined solvent formula which effectively thins and blends well into oil-based

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.247406
Retrieved Text: Q. How does the Master Series Rust Sealer Silver work and how long does it last?
A. Our silver primer is a moisture cured urethane. The more moisture in the air, the faster it dries so it's actually strengthened by moisture. The aluminum powder in the coating cuts off the oxygen so the coating itself is waterproof and air tight. It'll withstand 8000 hours of salt spray. This primer was developed in the mid-70's as a bridge primer. Bridges coated with 2 coats of silver and one coat of color such as our AG111 have a documented 20-25 year service life.
Q. How does it compare to automotive epoxy primers?
A. Two coats of automotive epoxy primer, five coats of color, and two coats of clear will withstand 500 hours of salt spray. Two coats of Master Series Silver and one coat of AG111 will do 14,000 hours of salt spray. Master Series silver primer, if scratched, the rust will not go beyond the scratch.
Q. How does it compare to other paint over rust products?
A. Master Series silver is sunlight stable, sandable, paintable, sticks to clean steel, and is air tight. We don't recommend painting black or clear over rust. These coatings are not air tight. They are simply polyurethane designed for wood and concrete. The black polyurethane is ideal over the silver on chassis and floorpans, especially with a paint brush, but not as a rust sealer alone.
Q. Why are the prices of Master Series products lower than the competitors'?
Q. What is the correct way to handle these

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.188974
Retrieved Text: Why lawyers will love the iPad Air 2 - iPhone J.D.
Yesterday, Apple announced the 2014 update to the iPad, and the newest full-size iPad is called the iPad Air 2. This is an incremental update, not unlike the update from the iPhone 5 to the iPhone 5s, but it hits all the high notes for the iPad and looks like it will be a fantastic tablet for any attorney. There is a 16GB model for $499 that you should NOT get, a 64GB model for $599 and a 128GB model for $699. The 64GB model will be perfect for most attorneys, and the 128GB model is great for attorneys who want to carry around a lot of videos and pictures. As before, an extra $130 gets you built-in cellular.
When I think of what makes the iPad great for attorneys, I think of four things: (1) it is thin and light, much lighter than a laptop, (2) it has a great screen, (3) it is powerful and (4) it is easy to use. Those are the same four areas that Apple improved in the iPad Air 2, so the 2014 iPad has more of what makes the iPad so great to begin with.
Before the Fall of 2013, I actually used two iPads. I had a full-sized iPad, which was great for viewing websites and reading documents on a larger screen, and I had an iPad mini, which was great when I wanted something that was lighter and easier to hold. But once I started using the iPad

================



======= Instance Index 43 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are frequency or amplitude ):

The closer together the particles are, the greater the amplitude of the wave.


When two crests are closes together in a wave what increases frequency or amplitude?

Target Text: amplitude

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 36.57244
Retrieved Text: In the 21st century, photonic devices, which use light to transport large amounts of information quickly, will enhance or even replace the electronic devices that are ubiquitous in our lives today. But there’s a step needed before optical connections can be integrated into telecommunications systems and computers: researchers need to make it easier to manipulate light at the nanoscale.
This new metamaterial was developed in the lab of Eric Mazur, the Balkanski Professor of Physics and Applied Physics and Area Dean for Applied Physics at SEAS.
Although this infinitely high velocity sounds like it breaks the rule of relativity, it doesn’t. Nothing in the universe travels faster than light carrying information; Einstein is still right about that.
But light has another speed, measured by how fast the crests of a wavelength move, known as phase velocity. This speed of light increases or decreases depending on the material it’s moving through.
When light passes through water, for example, its phase velocity is reduced as its wavelengths get squished together. Once it exits the water, its phase velocity increases again as its wavelength elongates.
How much the crests of a light wave slow down in a material is expressed as a ratio called the refraction index—the higher the index, the more the material interferes with the propagation of the wave crests of light. Water, for example, has a refraction index of about 1.3.
In a zero-index material, there is no phase advance, meaning light no longer behaves as a moving wave, traveling through space in a series of crests and troughs.
Instead, the zero-index material

########
Rank: 1
Score: 34.372677
Retrieved Text: Where f is the fractional area, U is the wind speed, Tw and Ta are the water and air temperature in degrees Celsius.
The complicated wave pattern behind a ship is influenced by the viscosity of the water, by the moving directions, gravity, not to mention non-linear effects which become significant when the amplitude is large. Stern waves and bow waves are superposed on one another, and not infrequently, other wave systems may be discerned originating from somewhere between the bow and stern. The fact, that the angle enclosed by the Kelvin wedge is independent of the speed of the boot can be surprising, but the explanation is out of the scope of this paper. For more details, see .
Wave crests in the Kelvin wedge behind a source S that is moving steadily from left to right. The maximum wavelength λmax depends on the speed of the source, but the angle of the wedge does not (see text).
Wave crests in the Kelvin wedge behind a source S that is moving steadily from left to …. It seems to be widely believed that the angle of the V becomes more acute as the boat speeds up, much in the way that the conical shock wave accompanying a supersonic projectile becomes more acute (see Figure 8). That is not the case; the dispersive character of waves on deep water is such that the V has a fixed angle of 2 sin−1(1/3) = 39°. Thomson (Lord Kelvin) was the first to explain this, and so the V-shaped area is now

########
Rank: 2
Score: 33.339565
Retrieved Text: To detect gravitational waves we need extremely precise instruments to measure distances on incredibly small scales. A gravitational wave affects lengths on scales around a billionth of a billionth of a metre, so we need an instrument sensitive enough to "see" on these scales!
A Michelson interferometer should be a very simple piece of kit; it consists of just three mirrors, a detector and a light source! The mirrors reflect the light source and the detector observes the light once it's been reflected. Of course in the hands of scientists even something simple can become very complex, but we can still try to understand the basic way in which it works.
Light from the source hits the first mirror at an angle. Since this mirror is half transparent, half of the light is reflected from the mirror and goes in one direction, while the other half of the light goes straight through. This first mirror is normally called the 'beam-splitter', because that's exactly what it does; it splits the light beam in two.
So now we have two identical beams travelling in different directions away from the beam-splitter. The different paths of these two beams are usually called the two 'arms' of the interferometer. At the end of each arm is another mirror. These 'end mirrors' are totally reflective, so all the light that hits them is reflected back towards the beam-splitter.
Now we get to the really interesting bit! When the beams get back to the beam-splitter, half of each is reflected, and the other half of each goes

########
Rank: 3
Score: 29.47899
Retrieved Text: I couldn't help but notice this eye-catching lenticular cloud as I was driving through the windy plains of Patagonia one afternoon earlier this year. I pulled over near a meadow to snap the picture. Lenticular clouds take shape in the crests of atmospheric waves that form when strong winds aloft move over elevated terrain, in this case, the Andes Mountains. They're most often observed on the lee side of mountain ranges. If sufficient moisture is available in the wave crest and if the wave amplitude increases, layers of clouds are sometimes stacked upon one another. Photo taken on March 3, 2018.
Photo Details: Nikon D7100 camera;19 mm focal length; 1/1000 sec. exposure; f/9 aperture; ISO 320.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.407501
Retrieved Text: Wave measurements have been made by SMHI since 1978. For many years the instruments used were placed on the sea floor and worked like an upside-down echosounder. Some simple buoys were also used. More recently, advanced buoys have been used that can also measure wave direction.
For practical reasons early buoys had to be placed quite close to the coast, often close to a caisson lighthouse to provide them with electricity. Sending data via the mobile phone network also limited their range. These instruments measured wave height and period.
More recently, more advanced buoys have been used that can also measure the wave direction. They have also provided more exact measurement and access to these data has become much easier while they can be placed almost anyway instead of being limited by practicalities.
Lower resolution data is collected from the buoy via satellite every hour while the high resolution data is stored in the buoy until it can be manually retrieved. Forecasts of the wave field are made using mathematical models driven by weather forecasts. These models provide a more complete picture of the wave field in time and space – but the wave buoys are still needed to check that the models are correct. This validation is done continuously (link to http://produkter.smhi.se/OceanWeb/html/waveobs.html).
The wave height is the vertical difference between a wave crest and a wave trough. The wave length is the horizontal distance between two consecutive wave crests. The wave period is the time interval between two consecutive wave crests. The wave velocity (celerity) equals the wave length

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.314745
Retrieved Text: In 1801, the British physicist Thomas Young demonstrated that light propagates as waves, like waves on the surface of water. Young understood that when two light waves meet, they interact with each other. Scientists call this “interference”.
For example, if the crests (or troughs) of two light waves are coincident, they combine together to create an amplified wave in what is known as constructive interference.
In the opposite scenario, where the crests of one wave are aligned with the troughs of another, they cancel each other out and the light disappears. This is destructive interference.
Between these two extremes lie an infinite number of variations in which crests and troughs combine together to intensify or dim the light.
In 1867, the French physicist Armand Hippolyte Louis Fizeau proposed that the resolution of telescopes could be improved if the collected light signals were allowed to combine with each other via constructive interference. Unfortunately, the technology of the day did not permit him to construct an instrument capable of combining light waves as they emerged from a telescope.
The arrival of such an instrument would have to wait until 1891 when Albert Abraham Michelson, an American physicist, constructed the first interferometer. Michelson used his new instrument to determine the diameter of Jupiter’s satellites.
During the next sixty years, most studies in interferometry centred on the same type of work, such as measuring the diameter of a particular star, or determining the distance between the two suns in a double-star system.
In 1920, the American astronomer John August Anderson performed the first interferometric measurements on an

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.778948
Retrieved Text: A wave is a periodic disturbance that propagates in space which transports energy and momentum from one place to another without the transport of the medium.
There are broadly two different types of waves. The wave which is in need of a medium for propagation is called a mechanical wave and the wave which is not in need of a medium for propagation is called non mechanical wave. Non mechanical wave is also called as electromagnetic waves.
Electromagnetic wave doesn't demands a medium for propagation and it is not going to affect the medium in any manner while it is travelling through it. Light is a simple example of electromagnetic wave. Light travels all the way from Sun to the earth, even though a lot of vacuum that is there because it’s an electromagnetic wave.
A mechanical wave is always in need of a medium for propagation for transmission of energy from one place to another place. The medium shall have certain properties like elasticity, inertia, minimal force of friction between the molecules and uniform density. Without these properties, it is difficult for the medium to allow the wave to travel through it.
Elastic nature is a basic property because of which the molecules of the medium are going to come back to their original positions after passing their energy to the next particles. Without this property medium cannot propagate the wave.
Inertial property is also a similar sort of property because of which molecules always tries to continue their own position when the external forces are withdrawn.
Among the molecules of

########
Rank: 7
Score: 26.142942
Retrieved Text: Wave length: In the longitudinal waves, The distance between two consecutive compression or rare fractions of a sound wave is called wave length (). Same as the transverse wave, it is defined as the distance between two consecutive crests or troughs of a transverse wave.
Frequency: It is the number of vibrations or cycles produced by source of wave per second, called frequency. If seven crest of a wave is produced in one second, then it is said that the frequency of the wave is 7 cycles or vibrations per second. It’s SI unit is Hertz (Hz). SO frequency of waves is 7 Hz.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 25.79134
Retrieved Text: The following definitions are based on entries from the USACE's comprehensive Glossary of Coastal Terminology.
(1) A lessening of the amplitude of a wave with distance from the origin. (2) The decrease of water-particle motion with increasing depth. Particle motion resulting from surface oscillatory waves attenuates rapidly with depth, and practically disappears at a depth equal to a surface wavelength.
A float; especially a floating object moored to the bottom. CDIP's buoys are equipped with sensors so that, in addition to floating, they can measure climatological variables such as wave height, swell direction and water temperature.
(1) the highest part of a wave. (2) That part of the wave above still-water level.
The phenomenon by which energy is transmitted laterally along a wave crest. When a part of a train of waves is interrupted by a barrier, such as a breakwater, the effect of diffraction is manifested by propagation of waves into the sheltered region within the barrier's geometric shadow.
(1) The front of a wave as it advances shoreward, after it has broken. (2) Lines of foam such as those which move around the head of a rip current.
The theoretical determination of future wave characteristics, usually from observed or predicted meteorological phenomena.
The waves that form when wind blows for a sufficient period of time across the open ocean. The waves of a fully developed sea have the maximum height possible for a given wind speed, FETCH and duration of wind.
(1) The vertical rise or fall of the waves or the sea. (2) The translational movement of a craft parallel to

########
Rank: 9
Score: 25.66137
Retrieved Text: The transient three-phase flow behavior in a five-strand bloom casting tundish during the ladle changeover process considering a constant casting speed was investigated by the VOF model, and the effect of ladle throughput rate, shroud immersion depth, turbulence inhibitor structure and ladle changeover time on the turbulent flow, and level fluctuations during the filling process were analyzed to optimize the flow pattern in the tundish during ladle changeover. The results showed that the exposed area of molten steel in the impact zone increases as the ladle throughput rate increases during the filling process and that the exposure of molten steel is eliminated when the ladle throughput rate is 1.5Qsteady. As the immersion depth of the shroud increases, a slight decrease in slag entrainment happens, while the exposed area of molten steel first decreases and then increases. The shroud immersion depth should be 310 mm. When the optimized turbulence inhibitor is used, the wave crests of the steel level are greatly reduced, the height of the level fluctuation is alleviated with the maximum value decreasing from 33 mm to approximately 10 mm, and the exposure of molten steel is eliminated. When the ladle changeover time is between 2 and 3 minutes, the exposed area of molten steel during the stable period of the filling process is in the range from 150 to 170 cm2, which is substantially less than the exposed area of 500 cm2 when the ladle changeover time is 4 minutes. Therefore, the ladle changeover time should be controlled within 3 minutes. The flaw detection

########
Rank: 10
Score: 25.36946
Retrieved Text: How Do Transistors Work As Inverters?
Electric current comes in two types: AC and DC. AC, or alternating current, switches rapidly from positive to negative and back again. It is used in power lines to transport electricity across large distances. DC, or direct current, power continuously flows in the same direction. DC power supplies provide power either straight from DC sources or else from AC sources that have been converted to DC.
Batteries are a common source of DC power.
A battery power supply is the simplest way of providing DC power. Batteries have chemical energy stored inside.
When they are connected in a circuit, that chemical energy is converted into electrical energy, which powers the circuit. Batteries are all rated at a certain voltage, a measure of the amount of pressure the electricity creates in the circuit.
They are also limited in the amount of amperage -- basically, the speed at which electricity can flow out of the battery -- that they can provide. Multiple batteries are wired in series to increase the voltage or in parallel to increase the amperage and the total lifespan of the battery pack.
Series batteries are wired so that the negative terminal of one battery is wired to the positive terminal of the next in a line, whereas in a parallel circuit, all the positive battery terminals are wired together and all the negative terminals are wired together. For example, if 4 15 volt AA batteries are wired in series, they will produce 6 volts (15 x 4).
If they are wired in parallel, they will

########
Rank: 11
Score: 24.938772
Retrieved Text: long-necked, long legged birds that feed by wading in wetlands and catching prey with their bills. Examples are egrets, herons, ibises, Roseate spoonbills, flamingos, and bitterns.
Shoes designed to be worn over stockingfoot waders.
The elevation of a particular point or small patch on the surface of a body of water above a specific point or surface, averaged over a period of time sufficiently long to remove the effects of short period disturbances.
(1) The juncture of land and sea. This line migrates, changing with the tide or other variation of the water level. Where waves are present on the beach, this line is also known as the limit of backrush. (2) The common boundary between the water surface and any immersed structure.
A line or mark left on the shores of a body of water by the water as an indication of the water’s former elevation.
The upper surface of groundwater. Below it, the soil is saturated with water.
The upper surface of a zone of saturation, where the body of groundwater is not confined by an overlying impermeable formation. Where an overlying confining formation exists, the aquifer in question has no water table.
A water having well-defined temperature, salinity and nutrient characteristics.
The runoff from a watershed, including groundwater outflow.
The waters which are or can be used as water highways for commerce.
ducks, geese, and swans. Does not include America coot.
Materials that do not allow water to penetrate them.
The entire region drained by a waterway (or into a lake or reservoir. More specifically, a watershed is an area of land above a given

########
Rank: 12
Score: 24.762518
Retrieved Text: To determine the velocity of a pulse propagated through a stretched spring / slinky.
Wave motion: The transference of energy in a given medium due to oscillatory motion of the particles of that medium about the mean position is known as wave motion.
Pulse: A wave produced by a single disturbance in a given medium is known as pulse.
Slinky: A long flexible spring is called slinky.
Wavelength (λ): The distance covered by one complete rarefaction and one complete compression or distance between two consecutive compressions or rarefactions.
Frequency: The number of vibrations made by a particle in the slinky per unit time (one second) is called its frequency.
A flat wire coiled spring/slinky of copper, a metre rod, a stopwatch and a small wooden board or a hard bound book.
Step 1: Take a slinky and place it lengthwise on the smooth surface of the table.
Step 2: Tie one end of the slinky with the fixed hook.
Step 3: Hold the free end of the slinky and stretch it (1 to 3 m depending upon the nature of slinky).
Step 4: Move your hand periodically and uniformly at right angles to the length of the slinky.
Step 5: Observe the propagation of the wave through the slinky and observe the formation of crests and troughs.
Step 1: Compress the free end of the slinky periodically and observe the slinky.
Step 2: Measure the wavelength by measuring the distance between two consecutive troughs (T and T) or two crests (C and C) in case of transverse wave. In case of longitudinal wave, λ is equal to distance between

########
Rank: 13
Score: 24.698755
Retrieved Text: (PhysOrg.com) -- In investigating the behavior of large-amplitude standing water waves, mathematician Jon Wilkening of the University of California, Berkeley, has discovered that the waves behavior cannot be explained as simply as previously proposed. Questions regarding the dynamics of standing water waves have gone unanswered for decades since numerical simulations have not been powerful enough to explore wave behavior with sufficient accuracy. In the new study published in Physical Review Letters, Wilkening has used numerical simulations with a sufficiently high resolution (capable of achieving 26 digits of accuracy) to help better understand the dynamics that occur at the crests of standing water waves.
Wilkening explained that one difference between the limiting behavior of standing waves and traveling waves lies in the shapes of their crests. While most wave crests are rounded, the crests of limiting traveling waves have sharp corners with specific crest angles. The smaller and sharper the crest angle, the steeper the wave. In 1880, Stokes conjectured that the tallest possible periodic traveling wave should have an interior crest angle of 120°, a result that has been confirmed numerous times since then. Scientists have also found that the crest of the almost-highest traveling wave sharpens to a corner in an asymptotically self-similar manner as the wave height approaches that of the highest wave.
In contrast, much less is known about the crests of standing water waves. In 1952, scientists Penney and Price conjectured that limiting standing waves should develop interior crest angles of 90° every time they come to rest. Recently, some experiments and theoretical analyses

########
Rank: 14
Score: 24.677387
Retrieved Text: QPR crest auction - last chance!
WITH the new QPR crest having been launched earlier this summer, now’s your last chance to get your hands on a piece of R’s history!
Following the first four auctions, QPR in the Community Trust has two final limited edition embroidered crests from inside Loftus Road.
All proceeds from the auction go to the Trust to support the work the R’s charitable arm does in the local community through health, education, employability, inclusion and sports participation projects.
CLICK HERE to see the final two items – bidding closes on Monday 22nd August.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 23.940899
Retrieved Text: What is the purpose of Ik1 channel? How does it's activity change?
Where do IKur channels exist and why?
Where is the IKach channels vs IKatp?
Why is there always a slow diastolic depolarization in slow fibers?
What is the sequence of events leading to a cardiac slow fiber contraction?
If = Ifunny, nonspecific channels respond to membrane hyperpolarization when membrane potential goes below -50 mV. This is a nonspecific channel.
What channels mediate the activity of positive and negative chronotropic effects on pacemakers?
Negative - Parasympathetic - IKach channels keep the membrane more hyperpolarized so it takes longer to reach threshold potential. Also reduces Ica and If activity.
What causes an early afterdepolarization (triggered activity)?
Typically at low HRs or altered electrolyte levels.
What causes a delayed afterdepolarization?
Typically with high heart rates / sympathetic activity, may occur due to genetic mutations causing increased intracellular concentrations and RyR dysfunction.
Something that occurs in ventricular or atrial myocytes that can be induced by never reaching resting potential (i.e. ischemia). Membrane potential sits close enough to Na+ or Ca+2 threshold to trigger a depolarization.
What is first degree heart block characterized by?
What are the two types of second degree AV block characterized by?
What characterizes third degree AV block?
What is atrial fibrillation vs atrial flutter?
Atrial fibrillation - One or more ectopic foci are firing causing to chaotic, discoordinated atrial depolarization and random conductions to the ventricles. May lead to clotting since blood is net not moved.
What is the most common cause of Ventricular Tachycardia?
How can ventricular tachycardia be caused by the AV node?
beta-pathway is slow-travelling but lower refractory period, stimulated on

########
Rank: 16
Score: 23.936346
Retrieved Text: What false impression does an ocean were convey to the observer?
Waves are the children of the struggle between ocean and atmosphere, the ongoing signatures of infinity. Rays from the sun excite and energize the atmosphere of the earth, awakening it to flow, to movement, to rhythm, to life. The wind then speaks the message of the sun to the sea and the sea transmits it on through waves -- an ancient, exquisite, powerful message.
These ocean waves are among the earth's most complicated natural phenomena. The basic features include a crest (the highest point of the wave), a trough (the lowest point), a height (the vertical distance from the trough to the crest), a wave length (the horizontal distance between two wave crests), and a period (which is the time it takes a wave crest to travel one wave length).
Although an ocean wave gives the impression of a wall of water moving in your direction, in actuality waves move through the water leaving the water about where it was. If the water was moving with the wave, the ocean and everything on it would be racing in to the shore with obviously catastrophic results.
An ocean wave passing through deep water causes a particle on the surface to move in a roughly circular orbit, drawing the particle first towards the advancing wave, then up into the wave, then forward with it and then -- as the wave leaves the particles behind -- back to its starting point again.
From both maturity to death, a wave is subject to the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 23.9061
Retrieved Text: Paul Andersen explains how the wavelength is the distance between oscillations in a wave. In a longitudinal wave this might be the distance between areas of compression. In a transverse wave it might be the distance between crests or troughs. A simulation and an example problem is included.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 23.884516
Retrieved Text: Ever since Alt-J won the coveted Mercury Prize for their debut album, 'An Awesome Wave,' in 2012, the British trio has been building buzz. After a two-year wait, they're getting ready to release their much-anticipated follow-up album.
'This Is All Yours' will be out on Sept. 22. And they've just unveiled the first track from the record, 'Hunger of the Pine.' You can listen to it below.
The song is darker and mustier than the relatively brighter songs found on 'An Awesome Wave.' It's missing a melodic hook to draw you in, but after a couple listens, the skittering electronics and digital crests wash over you. Sorta like their debut album did.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 23.884502
Retrieved Text: WUHF-TV (Channel 31) , Rochester's 5th TV station, signs on the air.
WITR-FM increases it's power from 10 wats to 910 watts, and enables it to be heard throughout Monroe and adjoining counties-Begins the "Modern Music & More" format.
Scott Bakula ("Quantum Leap", "Enterprise") is a member of Rochester's Geva Theatre group.
The Ginna Nuclear Power plant releases radioactive steam into the atmosphere for two minutes. It is Ted Coppel's feature story that night on "Nightline".
WBBF-AM (950) changes from top 40 to all news.
The Rochester Drive-In on Scottsville Rd. (across from the airport) closes after 40 years.
The Central Drive-In on Long Pond Rd. (near the canal) closes after 36 years.
The Empire Drive-In closes after 33 years. A Loew's Theatre now occupies the spot.
Friday April 22nd: Cousin Al & the Relatives appear on Channel 31's 'All Night Diner with Brian Bram'. They perform 'Surfin' On The Barge Canal' and 'Surf Down At Charlotte'.
The Starlite Drive-In closes after 34 years.
March: The "Psychedelic Sundae" airs on WITR-FM. Hosts Mick & Mike play Psychedlic and Garage rock from the 1960's and 1980's acts like the Chestefield Kings, Lyres & Insiders. The show eventually evolves into "Whole Lotta Shakin"
"Brother Wease" starts his on-air career at WCMF-FM on Sundays.
WITR's "Psychedelic Sundae" changes it's name to the "Boss Beat". It's format changes slightly to include Surf, Instrumental, and early sixties music along with garage rock & psychedelia.
Penfield High School's WBER-FM (90.5) signs on the air, playing alternative & new wave music.
"Scorgies" (150 Andrews Street) changes from a music to a comedy club.
"Idols" (123 Liberty Pole Way)

########
Rank: 20
Score: 23.479525
Retrieved Text: Important set of two suits-of-armour (yoroi), complete with two high six panel two suits-of-armour (yoroi), that belong together as is indicated by the used family crests (mon).
The crests are the Nakagawa kurusu, a cross with a circle like a Celtic cross inside a circle.
The cross was originally a Christian symbol but after the ban on Christianity in Japan the use of a hidden cross in family crests could continue.
The other crest is the Nakagawa kashiwa: two leaves of the Japanese Emperor Oak turned to each other (dakikashiwa mon). Both crests belong to the Nakagawa family of Oka Castle.
in the Harima Fief to Oka Castle in Kyūshū.
The Nakagawa family stayed in possession of Oka Castle till the abolishment of the military use of castles in 1873.
After the Nakagawa’s left the castle and the building soon dilapidated and is now known as Oka Castle Ruins.
part of Taketa Town in Ōita Province on Kyūshū.
In 1884 the Nakagawa family received the title of Count (a title in use till the abolishment of aristocracy in 1947).
Set of two large byobu screens, painted with red curtains on gold leaf ground. The curtains show the crests of the Nakagawa family: one screen has two Nakagawa-kurusu crests and one the Nakagawa-kashi crest, the other one Nakagawa-kashiwa crest and two Nakagawa-kurusu crests.
Size; H. : 173,5 cm; W. : 62 cm (2x, 6x).
A black lacquered suit-of-armour (yoroi) with orange cords (kuro’urushinurihi’ito odoshi dōmaru). A thirty-two plate sujibachikabuto helmet with in front a maedate (with traces of gilding) in the shape of flames. The fukikaeshi and the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 23.331692
Retrieved Text: A field experiment was carried out over a period of five weeks on an intertidal ridge and runnel system on the Northumberland Strait coast of Nova Scotia, Canada. The area is microtidal with a spring tidal range of just under 2 m. The main purpose of the research was to examine the effects of changing water depth and bar emergence on the morphodynamics of the system and to determine the controls on the stability of the ridges during non-storm conditions. The system is developed on a gently sloping platform over 300 m wide at spring low tide with an average gradient of 0.004. It is characterised by the presence of 5 or 6 ridges in the intertidal zone and 2 bars in the subaqueous zone. The ridges are 0.35–0.50 m in height, 50–60 m in wave length, and the continuity of the ridges alongshore is broken by drainage channels. The system at Linden Beach is similar to others that have developed in a number of areas along this coast on platforms resulting from recession of relatively weak sandstone cliffs. Topographic surveys were carried out along 10 profiles spaced 25 m apart using a total station and the position of the ridge crests and troughs was also mapped using a GPS system. Measurements of wave transformation, water motion and suspended sediment concentration over individual tidal cycles were carried out along a profile across the second ridge and associated troughs using electromagnetic current meters, resistance wave staffs and OBS nephelometers. There were no major storms during the monitoring

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.296045
Retrieved Text: An interlaced wave spring is formed from two constituent wave springs of similar thickness, amplitude and frequency. The two constituent wave springs are combined together by interlacing them so that the spring turns of each spring abut each other for substantially the entire length of the interlaced spring.
This interlacing effectively increases the thickness of the spring turns of the interlaced spring to thereby provide increased loading and greater fatigue resistance characteristics.
Interlaced Wave Springs are available as a custom from Smalley. Smalley engineers are available to assist with spring design.
For more information, email Smalley engineering now.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 23.079683
Retrieved Text: Since the slits are narrow relative to the wavelength of the wave impingent on them, the spreading angle of the beams is large and the diﬀraction pattern from each slit individually is a cylindrical wave spreading out in all directions, as illustrated in ﬁgure 2.13. Student leaders from the MIT Black Students' Union and the MIT Black Graduate Student Association recently presented recommendations, to MIT's Academic Council, to make MIT more welcoming and inclusive for all.
Indeed, we show that you should assign equal credences to two different branches if and only if the amplitudes for each branch are precisely equal! The sound has a frequency of 200 Hz for example. We are going to concentrate on the vertical components of momentum. So you do it again, sine of x is equal to this. So this is c squared times sine of minus x. This gives them the property of being things that might be or might happen, rather than things that are.
≪ 1 so that we can make the small angle approximation to the two slit equation, mλ = d sin θ ≈ dθ, and ask the following question: How diﬀerent do two wavelengths have to be in order that the interference peaks from the two waves not overlap? Hence, the mass of light is constant over a shift in time or space. Likewise, you can measure the momentum precisely, but then its position is unknown. Many working quantum physicists question the value of rebuilding their highly successful Standard Model from scratch. “I think the experiments

########
Rank: 24
Score: 22.777086
Retrieved Text: One of the hamlet's uses is to relieve the heroes from the stress accumulated during expeditions. The Hamlet contains a variety of facilities with disparate purposes, most of which revolving around the management of heroes.
Most buildings can be upgraded through the use of heirlooms in order to unlock further benefits, make the facilities more efficient and reduce the prices of their services. As for the Tavern, the abbey has three different floors with increasing effectiveness and costs, that must be upgraded separately by employing Busts and Crests. The Ancestor has kept an attentive record of his terrible findings in the search of the Darkest Dungeon, and they can be reviewed here after being unlocked by slaying bosses. At the Blacksmith, individual heroes' weapons and armor can be upgraded for a hefty fee, strengthening various aspects of the adventurer's defensive and offensive potential. Upgrades for the Blacksmith can be used to reduce improvement costs or to unlock higher tiers of weapons and armors. The Graveyard tracks every death occurred during expeditions, giving an insight on what killed the hero and when. The Guild is used to upgrade individual heroes' combat abilities, allowing them to be more effective and reliable when fighting.
The Guild can be upgraded using Portraits and Crests to reduce ability improvement and teaching costs and to unlock higher ability levels. The Nomad Wagon hosts a nomad woman who will sell different valuable trinkets each week for a steep price, in case the player is in need of specific equipment or has trouble finding good trinkets

########
Rank: 25
Score: 22.575434
Retrieved Text: In a way, the above quote is obvious and at the same time, it is often the thing we resist the most. Or we want to be selective about the feelings we are willing to experience: only the "good" ones and not the "bad" ( ie painful or uncomfortable ones).
Yet true freedom is indeed having the courage to feel whatever feeling arises, trying not to judge it as good or bad, simply experiencing it in all ways. How does it feel and where do you feel it in your body? What thoughts arise as you have this feeling ( or sometimes, what thought caused the feeling) ? Is this a familiar feeling or something you haven't felt before? If it's familiar, what do you know about it? In what circumstances does this feeling arise? If it's new or less familiar, can you allow yourself to be curious about it?
And maybe most important, practice allowing yourself to simply "ride the wave" of emotion. If you truly allow yourself to feel whatever is arising, if you can tolerate it and not distract yourself from it, it will pass, just as a wave swells, crests and dissipates. This is real freedom!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 22.275269
Retrieved Text: 0 <1 <1 <1 <0,03 Calm Sea like a mirror.
1 1-6 1-3 1-3 ~0.03 Light Air Ripples with the appearance of scales are formed, but without foam crests.
Wind motion visible in smoke.
2 7-11 4-7 4-6 ~0.13 Light Breeze Small wavelets, still short, but more pronounced. Crests have a glassy appearance and do not break.
Wind felt on exposed skin. Leaves rustle.
3 12-19 8-12 7-10 0.3-0.7 Gentle Breeze Large wavelets. Crests begin to break. Foam of glassy appearance. Perhaps scattered white horses.
Leaves and smaller twigs in constant motion.
4 20-29 13-18 11-15 0.6-1.2 Moderate Breeze Small waves, becoming larger; fairly frequent white horses.
Dust and loose paper is raised. Small branches begin to move.
5 30-39 19-24 16-21 1.2-2.4 Fresh Breeze Moderate waves, taking a more pronounced long form; many white horses are formed.
6 40-50 25-31 22-27 2.4-4.0 Strong Breeze Large waves begin to form; the white foam crests are more extensive everywhere.
Large branches in motion. Whistling heard in overhead wires. Umbrellas use becomes difficult.
7 51-62 32-38 28-33 4-6 Near Gale Sea heaps up and white foam from breaking waves begins to be blown in streaks along the direction of the wind.
Whole trees in motion. Effort needed to walk against the wind.
8 63-75 39-46 34-40 4-6 Gale Moderately high waves of greater length; edges of crests begin to break into spindrift. The foam is blown in well-marked streaks along the direction of the wind.
Twigs broken from trees. Cars veer on road.
10 88-102 55-63 48-55 6-9 Storm Very high waves with long overhanging crests. The resulting foam, in great patches, is blown

########
Rank: 27
Score: 22.251076
Retrieved Text: Now that you have completed this chapter, let's review some of the new terms, concepts, and ideas you have learned. You should have a thorough understanding of these principles before moving on to chapter 2.
WAVE PROPAGATION is an invisible force that enables man to communicate over long distances. Wave transmission can take many forms, such as LIGHT, SOUND, and RADIO.
LIGHT is a form of wave motion that can be seen. Heat cannot normally be seen, but can be felt. Radio waves cannot be seen or felt.
WAVE MOTION can be seen in action by throwing a pebble into a pool of still water. The ripples that move toward the edge of the pool demonstrate the PROPAGATION theory.
The TRANSVERSE WAVE is a type of wave motion. Radio, light, and heat waves are examples of transverse waves.
The LONGITUDINAL WAVE is another type of wave motion. The sound wave is the only example of a longitudinal wave given in this text.
SOURCE, MEDIUM, AND DETECTOR (RECEIVER) are the three requirements for all wave motion.
A SOURCE can be anything that emits or expends energy (waves).
The MEDIUM is the vehicle for carrying waves from one point to another. Water, air, metal, empty space, etc., are examples of a medium. Empty space is considered a medium for electro-magnetic waves but not a medium for sound waves.
The SOUND DETECTOR absorbs the waves emitted by the source. The human ear is an example of a detector.
HERTZ, which is abbreviated Hz, is used in lieu of "cycle per second" when referring to radio frequencies.
Where v is velocity

########
Rank: 28
Score: 22.22155
Retrieved Text: Authors: Fernandez, H.; Iglesias, G.; Carballo, R.; Castro, A.; Fraguela, J.; Taveira-Pinto, F.; Sanchez, M.
Fernandez, H.; Iglesias, G.; Carballo, R.; Castro, A.; Fraguela, J.; Taveira-Pinto, F.; Sanchez, M. (2012). The New Wave Energy Converter WaveCat: Concept and Laboratory Tests. Marine Structures, 29(1), 58-70.
For wave energy to become a fully-fledged renewable, efficient and reliable Wave Energy Converters (WECs) must be developed. The objectives of this article are to present WaveCat, a recently patented WEC, and its proof of concept by means of an experimental campaign in a large wave tank. WaveCat is a floating WEC whose principle of operation is oblique overtopping; designed for offshore deployment (in 50–100 m of water), it has two significant advantages: minimum (if at all) impact on the shoreline, and access to a greater resource than nearshore or shoreline WECs. It consists of two hulls, like a catamaran (hence its name); unlike a catamaran, however, these hulls are not parallel but converging. Using a single-point mooring to a CALM buoy, the bows of WaveCat are held to sea, so incident waves propagate into the space between the hulls. Eventually, wave crests overtop the inner hull sides, and overtopping water is collected in reservoirs at a level higher than the (outer) sea level. As the water is drained back to sea, it drives turbine-generator groups. The freeboard and draught, as well as the angle between the hulls, can be varied depending on the sea state. After preliminary tests with a fixed model of WaveCat in a wave flume, which constituted the first step

########
Rank: 29
Score: 22.178669
Retrieved Text: WHEN WHOLE WORLD IS CELEBRATING THE SUCCESS OF EINSTEIN ON RECEIVING THE GRAVITATIONAL WAVE.
WHAT IF EINSTEIN SEEMS RIGHT WITHOUT HIS THEORIES & PREDICTIONS?
I think we are confused again. What is black hole? What is Galactic core? How they are related ?
The two black hole are sub-holes seen only in the particular phase of larger Galactic core – periodically. They are created by …. [at least NOT FROM SINGLE BLACK HOLE – as claimed in this paper].
So, in my view BLACK HOLE is the combined effect of these two.
The two INFANT BLACK can MERGE but two JUVENILE or MATURE black hole NOT. It happen only when the plane of two different galaxies are in particular position – which is rare.
Here I also want to point out that Black hole does not means that there is nothing [hollow passage] in the middle of it.
Here in this case ‘there is NO DEATH of MASSIVE STARS, it may be the case of FRIENDSHIP which is the phase of life of Galactic core.
AGREED. But twins are not developed in mother’s uterus, it is implanted there by certain condition. Again -Black holes is the effect.
3. “Normally, when a massive star reaches the end of its life, its core collapses into a single black hole. But if the star was spinning very rapidly, its core might stretch into a dumbbell shape and fragment into two clumps, each forming its own black hole”.
5. “After the black hole pair formed, the star's outer envelope rushed inward toward them. In order to power both the gravitational

================



======= Instance Index 44 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are Greater or Lesser ):

With fewer trees, the air is drier and droughts are more common.


John was looking at the weather data and making some observations. He saw that with less trees, droughts were Greater or Lesser?

Target Text: Greater

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 37.882187
Retrieved Text: Drought-affected aspen trees in Colorado.
RICHLAND, Wash. — As global temperatures continue to rise, droughts will become more frequent in many regions. A new study in the journal Nature has found that ecosystems are taking progressively longer to recover from droughts. Incomplete drought recovery may become the new normal in some areas, possibly leading to increased tree death and emissions of greenhouse gases.
Led by Christopher Schwalm of the Woods Hole Research Center, researchers from 17 institutions including the Department of Energy's Pacific Northwest National Laboratory used remote sensing, field data and Earth system modeling to measure recovery time following droughts in various regions of the world.
PNNL's Maoyi Huang modeled droughts and ecosystem recovery using an Earth system model. The team combined her model results with other models and data from short-term ground and satellite observations to re-create conditions in the last century. The team found that the frequency of six-month recovery times dropped while two-year recovery times more than doubled from the early 20th century to the end of it.
Drought recovery times in two particular regions, the tropics and the northern high latitudes, were longer than in others. Overall, the results suggest that, in some areas, if the frequency of droughts increases, the time between droughts likely won't be long enough for trees to recover. That could lead to vegetation taking up lower amounts of carbon out of the air.
Read more in these stories at Woods Hole Research Center or Carnegie Science.
REFERENCE: C.R. Schwalm, W.R.L. Anderegg, A.M. Michalak, J.B. Fisher, F. Biondi, G. Koch, M. Litvak, K.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 36.712723
Retrieved Text: A series of maps have been published illustrating the most deadly places in America.
The data may look spectacular laid out in colorful graphics, but they clearly identify the deadly effects of Mother Nature.
The maps were created by John Nelson, a UX & Mapping manager at IDV Solutions and were reported by the Business Insider.
Using a spreadsheet he converted the data into a pixelated map of the U.S which created the spectacular graphics.
After plotting the data John Nelson was able to create charts which show the most disaster-prone areas across America.
A spectacular blue graphic shows a history of hurricanes across the U.S. since 1851.
Another blue map shows earthquakes across American since 1968, clearly showing which regions are more susceptible to movement.
75 per cent of all tornadoes on Earth occur in the U.S. and John Nelson used the data to construct a vivid electric blue map of tornadoes.
He detailed where they had occurred since 1950 – the most recent was the terrifying tornado was devastated parts of Oklahoma and killed 22 people.
A bright orange map details wildfires across the contagious U.S. since 2001. This month the US forest service chief says hotter, drier conditions mean wildfire season lasts two months longer than it did 40 years ago.
Rain is currently helping firefighters douse Colorado’s most destructive wildfire in state history, while a new wind-whipped blaze in California is forcing evacuations and threatened homes near Yosemite National Park.
The release of the maps come as U.S. mayors pledged this week to make their communities more resilient to increasingly severe floods, droughts,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 36.53729
Retrieved Text: Droughts don’t just make a place drier. As new research shows, they also make it hotter.
A team from UC Irvine that compared temperature changes across the U.S. found that temperatures rise faster in places under drought conditions than they do in places with average climates. This relationship could also raise the risk of concurrent heatwaves and wildfires, the researchers say.
As global warming continues its upward climb, the phenomenon described in the journal Science Advances highlights another complex feedback loop that contributes to more extreme weather events — events that could have serious implications for human health and safety.
Study leader Felicia Chiang, a graduate student in civil and environmental engineering, said she and her colleagues got an inkling of this as they were comparing temperature increases in the southwestern United States. Overall, they found there was a 0.6-degree Celsius rise in the average temperature between the early and late 20th century. But when they focused on the drier months in the two time periods, the increase was twice as large. In other words, droughts appeared to be getting significantly hotter than they used to be.
So the researchers expanded their inquiry. They compared temperatures and rainfall from two different periods — 1902 to 1951 and 1965 to 2014. They also used projections from climate models to compare the future period of 2050 to 2099 with a historical baseline of 1951 to 2000.
The scientists found that drier periods went hand in hand with greater increases in average temperature in large parts of the United States. The observations showed that

########
Rank: 3
Score: 35.88032
Retrieved Text: Unable to persuade the public that a slightly warmer world is a bad thing, the climate establishment has turned to peddling the myth that global warming is leading to more extreme weather.
Of course, weather is an impossibly complex affair, and it is inevitable that some weather events may be made more likely or more intense in a warmer world. But, equally, the opposite is also true – that some events are less likely. Naturally, we never hear the absence of extreme weather analysed in this way by the likes of the AMS or Met Office.
US land falling hurricanes have been at record low levels in recent years, and it is now more than ten years since a major hurricane hit.
There has been a long term decline in both the number of tornadoes, and particularly, the frequency of stronger ones.
Droughts were much more commonplace, prolonged and severe prior to the 1970s.
There has been a marked absence of extreme heatwaves in recent years, and nothing approaches the run of intensely hot summers in the 1930s.
According to NOAA’s albeit highly adjusted data, extremely cold winters are a thing of the past in the US.
As with drought indicators, US rainfall has tended to be greater since the pre 1970 period.
There is no indication, however, of precipitation becoming more extreme since then. The wettest year was 1973.
National totals can, of course, cover up regional imbalances.The NOAA chart below shows the balance of extremely wet and dry areas. As with PDSI, very dry areas are much less common, while the area of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 35.073097
Retrieved Text: For the last 25 years, scientists have been able to monitor the "greenness" of trees from space and use that as a tool for evaluating plant health. The problem is that greenness isn't a good indicator for stresses—such as drought—because some trees (think pines) continue to be a lovely green until they're dead. Researchers are thus turning to a new indictor: The way plants glow.
It turns out that a signature of photosynthesis is something known as "solar-induced chlorophyll fluorescence." During photosynthesis, while the plant is converting sunlight into chemical energy, its chlorophyll is absorbing some of the incoming radiation. Some of that incoming radiation is re-emitted at a longer wavelength, which manifests as fluorescence.
This phenomenon was first observed from space via the Japanese Greenhouse gases Observing SATellite (GOSAT) starting in 2009. In July of this year, however, NASA will launch its own satellite called the Orbiting Carbon Observatory-2 (OCO-2). The instruments on board the OCO-2 will be taking precise measurements of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere in addition to peeping large-scale plant fluorescence. The upshot? The OCO-2 can record observations a very speedy 24 times per second. Compare that to the observations made only once every four seconds by the GOSAT, and we're looking at almost a 100-fold increase in data density. Pretty impressive.
So why haven't we always been doing this? It turns out that fluorescent light is pretty hard to see when there's a ton of ambient sunlight blasting back at you. To counter this, these satellites use spectrometers—which can look at a selected, very

########
Rank: 5
Score: 34.175488
Retrieved Text: In the summer of 2014, governments across tropical Asia readied for a looming weather and political emergency---potential droughts, crop failures, and food shortages that could stress developing world nations and challenge their ability to respond. According to weather observatories, the chance of an El Niño event occurring before the year's end was high. The central and eastern equatorial Pacific Ocean was warming up, a predictive precursor of El Niño, a temporary increase in global temperature that at its worst can generate a worldwide cascade of catastrophic changes to weather patterns.
It was a false alarm. But the following year El Niño materialized with a vengeance. Boosted by the earlier warmth in the Pacific, the 2015--16 El Niño turned out to be one of the strongest events on record. Intense droughts affected almost 40 million people in southern Africa; flooding swept South American countries, displacing 150,000 people; and coral reefs experienced the most significant bleaching event scientists have ever seen, with nearly all corals in some parts of the Great Barrier Reef dying due to the high temperatures.
In space, a new NASA satellite, launched on July 2nd, 2014, allowed scientists to study the El Niño's rise and fall, and its effects on the global carbon cycle in greater detail than ever before. The Orbiting Carbon Observatory-2 (OCO-2) was equipped with sensitive instruments able to measure atmospheric CO concentrations 10 times more accurately than previous methods.
Overall, the 2015--16 El Niño led to the fastest rise in atmospheric CO on record, and helped push CO concentrations above 400 ppm for

########
Rank: 6
Score: 33.260284
Retrieved Text: The team, led by University of Leeds in collaboration with more than 30 institutions around the world, used long-term records from more than a hundred plots as part of the Amazon Forest Inventory Network (RAINFOR) to track the lives of individual trees across the Amazon region. Their results, published in Global Change Biology, found that since the 1980s, the effects of global environmental change - stronger droughts, increased temperatures and higher levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere - has slowly impacted specific tree species' growth and mortality.
Lead author Dr Adriane Esquivel Muelbert, from the School of Geography at Leeds, said: "The ecosystem's response is lagging behind the rate of climate change. The data showed us that the droughts that hit the Amazon basin in the last decades had serious consequences for the make-up of the forest, with higher mortality in tree species most vulnerable to droughts and not enough compensatory growth in species better equipped to survive drier conditions."
The team also found that bigger trees - predominantly canopy species in the upper levels of the forests - are outcompeting smaller plants. The team's observations confirms the belief that canopy species would be climate change "winners" as they benefit from increased carbon dioxide, which can allow them to grow more quickly. This further suggests that higher carbon dioxide concentrations also have a direct impact on rainforest composition and forest dynamics - the way forests grow, die and change.
In addition, the study shows that pioneer trees - trees that quickly spring up and grow in gaps left

########
Rank: 7
Score: 33.233364
Retrieved Text: Can a billion points of data from around the globe predict drought and famine? John Corbett, co-founder of aWhere, says unequivocally yes. The Colorado-based company gathers and analyzes more than a billion data points from around the globe each day to create a full agricultural meteorological data set every nine kilometers across the planet.
aWhere’s agricultural intelligence can predict where civil unrest will start because the system knows which areas are failing to produce crops, how many calories a family of four needs to survive, and when the family will migrate if it can’t find food at home.
“It’s an early warning sign,” Corbett said, noting that the algorithm is predictive enough to show, for example, where Boko Haram activity will next occur. The extremist group won’t, after all, go to places where there is no food to steal.
Advances in precision agriculture and data analytics have enabled governments and NGOs to predict food and water shortages like never before. The Famine Early Warning System Network (FEWS NET), which was created by USAID after the 1985 famine in Ethiopia, uses satellite images and geospatial data to create monthly reports detailing projected food insecurity. The U.S. Geological Survey’s (USGS) EROS Data Center, USAID, NASA, NOAA, and Chemonics International, run the system, which aggregates data from tools such as the Normalized Difference Vegetation Index and RainFall Estimate across the African continent.
The Group on Earth Observations’ Global Agricultural Monitoring (GEOGLAM) initiative, a partnership of governments and organizations including the U.S. Department of Agriculture and NASA, trains countries to use remote sensing satellite

########
Rank: 8
Score: 33.10215
Retrieved Text: In the summer of 2014, governments across tropical Asia readied for a looming weather and political emergency—potential droughts, crop failures, and food shortages that could stress developing world nations and challenge their ability to respond. According to weather observatories, the chance of an El Niño event occurring before the year&apos;s end was high. The central and eastern equatorial Pacific Ocean was warming up, a predictive precursor of El Niño, a temporary increase in global temperature that at its worst can generate a worldwide cascade of catastrophic changes to weather patterns.
It was a false alarm. But the following year El Niño materialized with a vengeance. Boosted by the earlier warmth in the Pacific, the 2015–16 El Niño turned out to be one of the strongest events on record. Intense droughts affected almost 40 million people in southern Africa; flooding swept South American countries, displacing 150,000 people; and coral reefs experienced the most significant bleaching event scientists have ever seen, with nearly all corals in some parts of the Great Barrier Reef dying due to the high temperatures.
In space, a new NASA satellite, launched on July 2nd, 2014, allowed scientists to study the El Niño’s rise and fall, and its effects on the global carbon cycle in greater detail than ever before. The Orbiting Carbon Observatory-2 (OCO-2) was equipped with sensitive instruments able to measure atmospheric CO concentrations 10 times more accurately than previous methods.
Overall, the 2015–16 El Niño led to the fastest rise in atmospheric CO on record, and helped push CO concentrations above 400 ppm for

########
Rank: 9
Score: 33.03402
Retrieved Text: In March, all of Japan marvels at cherry blossoms. There's something mystical in a huge cloud of tender petals which covers the earth every spring and turns daily routine into a fairytale. Legend has it, many years ago a poor old pauper who lived at the foot of mount Fuji, wanted to leave a mark in people's memories before he died but he didn't have anything, and he then decided to plant a thousand seedlings of cherry trees in the mountains. It was extremely tough — cold weather and droughts destroyed young plants but the old man did not give up and kept planting and looking after the trees. One glorious spring they all simultaneously broke into blossom and people were amazed by this beauty. The old man didn't see that spring but people, who did, were immersing in the soft pink cloud and coming to the belief that there is no death, and spring will last forever, and life is wonderful, and happiness will arrive, and all their dreams will come true.
This U-space is designed by Konstantin Polyakov.
Soundtrack — “Concert for piano and orchestra #21” Wolfgang Mozart.
Do not step on the mirror part of the floor in case your shoes may scratch it.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 32.80274
Retrieved Text: As I write this piece under another cloudless Cambridge sky with temperatures soaring well into the high twenties, this July 1757 report from the London Evening Post seems oddly familiar. The UK’s unusually long spell of dry, warm weather has dominated the headlines in recent weeks, ranging from the serious – such as the two major moorland fires in Lancashire – to the less so. Brits should apparently brace themselves for an impending lettuce shortage and, of course, revive the obligatory ‘how hot does it have to get for a day off work?’ debate. The summer of 1976, which saw over two weeks of consecutive plus-thirty-degree temperatures, has reached an iconic place in popular memory when it comes to this much-loved subject. But looking back a couple of centuries earlier, does our national obsession with the weather have deeper roots?
The unusually hot summer of 1757 provided inspiration for the poet John Scott, with one of his Elegies, Descriptive and Moral, ‘Written in the Hot Weather, July, 1757’. In such heat we might long for respite: ‘O for some secret shady cool recess, Some Gothic dome o’erhung with darksome trees, Where thick damp walls this raging heat repress, Where the long aisle invites the lazy breeze!’ But Scott is quick to remind us that ‘Far worse [is] their fate in many a foreign land’. Casting our minds to the climates of Mecca and Darien, readers are urged to ‘reflect, nor murmur more’. The British stereotype of making a fuss about the weather when people seem to manage

########
Rank: 11
Score: 32.61845
Retrieved Text: This Drought's No Dry Run: Lessons Of The Dust Bowl This summer's dry weather is drawing comparisons to the droughts of the 1950s and even the Dust Bowl years of the 1930s. Technology and techniques developed from those hard times are helping to save some of today's crops, but there's no substitute for water.
Scorched pastures are spreading across central Illinois and the rest of the Midwest. Technology and techniques developed from previous droughts like the Dust Bowl are helping to save some of today's crops, but there's no substitute for water.
Charles Hildenbrand surveys the family's corn crop outside Thawville, Ill. He doesn't remember much from the Dust Bowl days, but says technology has saved what little corn the farm does have this year.
Walking deeper into the 7-foot-high corn stalks, the temperature — already in the 90s — becomes stifling. Here, the ears are smaller. Peeling back the husks on an undersized ear of corn, Hildenbrand exposes kernels that are drying up.
"It just never really matured," he says. "And [if] we got out in there farther, it's gonna be just that much less."
More than 63 percent of the country in the lower 48 states is experiencing drought, leading some to compare the summer of 2012 to the droughts of the 1950s and even the Dust Bowl years of the 1930s.
John's father, Charles Hildenbrand, was born and raised on this land and farmed these fields for decades — as did his father before him. The 84-year-old was too young to remember much about the Dust Bowl droughts of

########
Rank: 12
Score: 32.612617
Retrieved Text: A spotty downpour soaked parts of the county and left others dry at about 1:45 p.m. Sunday.
"It depends where you were if you'd call it a downpour," National weather Observer Steve Shaulis said.
He said he measured .29 inches in Somerset Borough.
But in the nearby Somerset Township, his visual observations were much different.
"When that storm hit, I was down at Walmart. And believe me, it came down in buckets," he said.
National weather observer A.J. Jarosz measured the downpour in Glencoe. He recorded 1.57 inches in 21 minutes.
"It's that kind of rain you just don't see very often," he said.
When the rain started, his power went out for more than two hours.
"That conked out, and it just poured down," he said.
The deluge was hard on crops in the area. He said it flattened his cornfield and damaged his neighbor's crops.
A Somerset County Control dispatcher said they received about 20 weather-related calls. Most were for downed trees. Some reports were for fallen wires.
Stoystown fire Chief Dave Johnson planned to spend his afternoon at the fire company fundraiser. But he spent it responding to calls for fallen trees instead. The fundraiser was a golf scramble at Indian Lake Golf Course.
"It got flooded," he said. "They had to get everyone off the course with the lightning."
The fundraiser is rescheduled for July 28.
"Hopefully the weather will cooperate next time," he said.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 32.380898
Retrieved Text: EAST LANSING, Mich. (AP) — A vicious ice storm that made Christmas week a nightmare from the Midwest to Maine shattered hundreds of trees at Michigan State University, where inch-thick layers of ice snapped thick limbs and trunks of stately towers that had stood for generations.
It was a distressing sight for a campus billed as an urban forest where scientists since the 1800s have kept records of every tree, where native oaks and maples coexist with exotic Siberian elms and Japanese pagodas. But amid the destruction, Frank Telewski saw opportunity and jumped into action with his tools of choice — not chain saw or ax, but tape measure and computer.
The biology professor and curator of Michigan State’s arboretum is teaming with experts in several states to study which kinds of trees best withstand ice and other severe weather, and ways of making them even less vulnerable.
“If we can do something to reduce the potential damage, it’s going to be a great service to the country — make us better prepared to survive these storms,” Telewski said while measuring a jagged-edged limb ripped from a white pine during December’s icy barrage.
“Strike teams” of U.S. Forest Service and state experts have been pushing the idea with officials in storm-damaged communities.
“It really doesn’t sink in until a community has a storm and tries to recover,” said John Parry, a Forest Service urban forester.
A 2007 ice storm so devastated Norman, Okla., that enough debris was collected — at a cost of $6 million — to halfway fill the stadium where

########
Rank: 14
Score: 32.29231
Retrieved Text: To explore the wide variety of data stewarded by the National Centers for Environmental information, visit the links below.
These data and products describe the elevation of the Earth's surface above and below the ocean.
These data and products describe the state of the U.S. and global climates and provide details on extremes such as droughts, tornadoes, and hurricanes.
These data and products provide an array of ocean-related environmental, marine, and economic information for specific coastal and regional areas across the world.
These data and products describe Earth's magnetism with models of the geomagnetic field and provide support for global navigation and mineral exploration.
These products provide access to a variety of environmental data through online map applications that allow users to select and view data based on geographic parameters.
These data and products provide access to ground-based observations, such as precise ground position, temperature, precipitation, and atmospheric pressure, from instruments at stations around the globe.
These data and products describe the geophysics of sea floors and lake beds with information on gravity, magnetics, seismic reflection, water column sonar, and more.
These data and products provide information on ocean features such as sea surface temperatures, winds, and waves.
These online systems and products provide access to environmental data from climate, geomagnetic, and ocean modeling and prediction systems.
These data and products provide information on environmental hazards including tsunamis, earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, droughts, tornadoes, and hurricanes.
These data and products provide long-term information, analyses, and averages of ocean observations such as temperature and salinity.
These products provide access to a variety of ocean observations including temperatures, salinity, heat content,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 32.20966
Retrieved Text: A floodplain forest dominated by oaks. Credit: Albert Reif.
The root of the study by the Freiburg team was the observation that the vitality of old trees in the oak forests of the Rhine valley had significantly declined, and their mortality appeared to have markedly increased. Forest ecologist Prof. Dr. Jürgen Bauhus‘ work group then investigated whether these trends could also be discerned from the growth patterns of trees and whether they were connected with the widespread extraction of ground water for industry and households. Pumping water can reduce the groundwater level so far that even deep-rooted oaks cannot reach it.
So the forestry scientists studied the annual growth rings of young and old trees at locations with and without noticeable extraction of ground water, in three forests of English oak in the Rhine valley, between the Freiburg Mooswald and the Hessisches Ried near Lampertheim. Their analysis of the statistical connections between the width of growth rings and climate data shows that the annual stem growth of oaks is negatively affected by summer drought.
At locations with lowering of the groundwater, the sensitivity of oak growth to the summer droughts increased markedly since the start of groundwater extraction, which started 49 years ago or earlier at the different study sites. In contrast, the sensitivity of the annual ring growth remained relatively stable over time in oaks at sites without groundwater extraction.
Related: What is the state of the world’s forests?
Another difference between locations with and without extraction of ground water, according to Georgios Skiadaresis, PhD student and lead author of

########
Rank: 16
Score: 31.961996
Retrieved Text: The frequency of severe droughts is increasing in many regions around the world as a result of climate change. Droughts alter the structure and function of forests. Site- and region-specific studies suggest that large trees, which play keystone roles in forests and can be disproportionately important to ecosystem carbon storage and hydrology, exhibit greater sensitivity to drought than small trees. Here, we synthesize data on tree growth and mortality collected during 40 drought events in forests worldwide to see whether this size-dependent sensitivity to drought holds more widely. We find that droughts consistently had a more detrimental impact on the growth and mortality rates of larger trees. Moreover, drought-related mortality increased with tree size in 65% of the droughts examined, especially when community-wide mortality was high or when bark beetles were present. The more pronounced drought sensitivity of larger trees could be underpinned by greater inherent vulnerability to hydraulic stress, the higher radiation and evaporative demand experienced by exposed crowns, and the tendency for bark beetles to preferentially attack larger trees. We suggest that future droughts will have a more detrimental impact on the growth and mortality of larger trees, potentially exacerbating feedbacks to climate change.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 31.727531
Retrieved Text: This new map of Saturn's moon Mimas -- representing data captured by the CIRS thermal infrared spectrometer during Cassini's February 13, 2010 flyby -- is just baffling. At least I was baffled by it. So I called up John Spencer, a member of the CIRS team, to ask him about it, and apparently I'm in good company; they're baffled too.
This map illustrates the unexpected and bizarre pattern of daytime temperatures found on Saturn's small inner moon Mimas (396 kilometers in diameter). The data were obtained by the composite infrared spectrometer (CIRS) on Cassini during the spacecraft's closest-ever flyby of Mimas on February 13, 2010. The upper left image shows the expected distribution of temperatures. The white sun symbol shows the point where the sun is directly overhead, which is at midday close to the equator. Just as on Earth, the highest temperatures were expected to occur after midday, in the early afternoon. The upper right image shows the completely different pattern that Cassini actually saw. Instead of the expected smoothly varying temperatures, this side of Mimas is divided into a warm part (on the left) and a cold part (on the right) with a sharp, v-shaped boundary between them. The warm part has typical temperatures near 92 Kelvin (minus 294 Fahrenheit), while typical temperatures on the cold part are about 77 Kelvin (minus 320 Fahrenheit). The lower two panels in the annotated version compare the temperature map to Mimas' appearance in ordinary visible light at the time of the observations.
CIRS is an infrared sensor that can

########
Rank: 18
Score: 31.560951
Retrieved Text: If there’s one thing that folks like to talk about, it’s the weather. Newscasts lead with it — tourism boards boast about it and forecasters live for it.
So does Bill Searfus, a Montclarion with a high-tech weather station above Thornhill Nursery. We’ll get to his prediction for winter in a minute, but first, let’s look at how he developed this passion.
Searfus is part of the Citizen Weather Observer Program (CWOP), feeding the government data that supplements what they get from airports and military bases. “Some of the local TV stations use this information for regional observations,” Searfus says.
As for Bay Area rain predictions, he says we’re in “pre-drought” conditions — way behind normal. “The thing about weather now is that the ‘norm’ is no longer becoming the ‘norm.’ Climate change is a significant event, and I can already see changes — I am a third-generation Californian — in the trees, the rain being very unpredictable, the high winds … all kinds of signs, if you ask me,” he says.
The bottom line, Searfus says, is it’s getting harder to predict the weather. “I do, however, think we are in for more of a dry spell and that could be a problem if we go back into a drought like the ’80s.” Check out his weather data at http://www.wunderground.com/weatherstation/WXDailyHistory.asp?ID=KCAOAKLA22.
Holiday happenings: Speaking of scouting, it’s the 40th year for the Boy Scout tree lot in Piedmont. Readers Chris and Terry Lee say there are plenty of trees, stands, garlands and wreaths and the scouts will help you load and

########
Rank: 19
Score: 31.54364
Retrieved Text: After more than 1,000 wells went dry in 2016, a hydrogeologist began building an internet-connected device to detect changing water levels in private wells.
As the provincial government prepares for more droughts due to climate change, scientists are developing a real-time monitoring network for well water across Nova Scotia.
After more than 1,000 wells went dry in 2016, a hydrogeologist began building an internet-connected device to detect rapidly changing water levels in private wells.
It's the internet of things for wells, said John Drage, who works for the Department of Energy and Mines.
As a test, Drage is monitoring four wells belonging to volunteers in Lockeport, N.S., Halibut Bay, Port Medway and Mount Uniacke. The data is charted live on a website, providing information he hopes will keep emergency planners and the public informed in event of another drought.
"While the drought is happening people are often wondering, 'Is it getting worse or better? And did the recent rainfall help or not?' And because these devices are reporting daily to the internet, we can see in real time how aquifer levels are changing."
Forty per cent of the province relies on water from wells.
As a first step, the project will monitor dug wells in shallow aquifers, which make up 10 per cent of the province's wells.
Southwest Nova Scotia, which was hardest hit in the drought, relies on shallow dug wells more than any other part of the province, Drage said.
This year, he's watched water levels drop steadily since May.
When water levels are seriously low, volunteers are using Drage's monitor to check on

########
Rank: 20
Score: 31.535326
Retrieved Text: Tea plantation in the western province of Rwanda.
The global tea market is estimated to be worth about 38.2 billion U.S. dollars in 2016 and is projected to continue growing at 2.8% annually until 2020 . After coffee, tea is Rwanda's second most valuable export where agriculture accounts for one third of economic output . Tea productivity depends on a various factors such as weather, fertiliser and management practices. Hot dry conditions are generally detrimental for tea productivity and therefore daily rainfall and temperatures are important variables. A recent drought in Rwanda, claimed to be the worst in 60 years, has generated losses of up to 40% for some tea producers.
Climate variability is already a concern for the agricultural sector. Uncertainty about the impact of future climate change and the frequency and severity of weather extremes such as droughts poses substantial challenges for policymakers. Information about the current climate relies on 30-year averages. Rwanda faces a unique challenge due to the genocide in 1994 and consequent disruption in its weather observation network between 1994 and 2009.
Tea is unusual since unlike other agricultural crops, it is grown and produced continuously throughout the year. Whereas other crops are harvested once or twice a year, green tea leaves can be picked daily and brought to the factory to be weighed and processed. Rwanda produces high quality tea because the leaves grow relatively slowly in the country of a thousand hills where tea factories are currently situated at relatively high altitudes ranging from 1757m to 2357m above sea level.
Our study of

########
Rank: 21
Score: 31.410154
Retrieved Text: Waitaki Orchards harvest manager James MacKenzie says the wet weather over the past two weeks has been ‘‘devastating’’ for the orchard. Photo by Hamish MacLean.
After months of farmers crying out for rain, overcast, wet weather has badly affected crops on a North Otago orchard.
Horticulturists, grain growers and vegetable growers have been hit hard by the past two weeks' inclement weather, while irrigation schemes have been switched off.
For Waitaki Orchards harvest manager James MacKenzie, the continuous damp days could not have come at a worse time.
Nearly two-thirds of the Kurow orchard is planted in apricots and what started as a poor season became worse when the rain and clouds settled in over the past two weeks.
"More than catastrophic; it's devastating,'' he said.
On nearly half the 35,000 trees on the orchard there were "massive'' fruit losses; 30% of the orchard was planted in Sundrops, the principal crop, and 17% was planted in Clutha Gold. Both varieties were experiencing a 70% loss this year.
It was not simply that fruit was being picked "super soft'' - rain damage was affecting the bottom line at the orchard.
Typically, 50% of the fruit would be "prime product'' or export quality, but this year that amount had been cut significantly.
"We need sunny weather - we need hot, dry, sunny weather,'' Mr MacKenzie said.
Cropping farmer Peter Mitchell, of Weston, said his property had received 65mm of rain so far in January and 20mm since Saturday.
The recent wet weather had been pushing the workload back for the harvest.
Nothing had been done on the farm harvest-wise for

########
Rank: 22
Score: 31.285181
Retrieved Text: With my recent passion to learn more about the French history, the country where I’ve been living for half an year now. I had to start reading about the inviolable Nostradamus who is deeply embedded in the roots of the French culture. Reading about his work and visiting his heritage home inspired me to write about him and of course, confront him to my passion for data analysis.
While visiting his ancient house (preserved as a museum now), I discovered figures and numbers on the walls, tables and almost everywhere else, depicting the art to handle data manually and obviously without any technologies involved.
Big data analysis has become Nostradamus of 21st century, helping us to find and predict the near future with a high accuracy. We analyze and project our data like it used to be in 16th century, wherein only the ways of interpretation and projection have changed.
Nostradamus: A lot of Nostradamus’s predictions were exact before centuries. He predicted a number of gradual climate changes that will occur and affect the earth. He also mentioned green house effect in his early prophecies and their adverse effects on environment.
21st Century: Scientists do almost exact weather forecasts today. The simulations produced are available from a broader range of models. Taken together with additional information from observations, these provide a quantitative basis for estimating likelihoods for many aspects of future climate change. Model simulations cover a range of possible futures including idealized emission or concentration assumptions.
The concept of green house gases is a World known fact now, and many

########
Rank: 23
Score: 31.267231
Retrieved Text: This year's Georgia peanut harvest survived summer droughts and heavy rains at harvest time to produce some of the best of times and some of the worst for farmers.
"Across the state, we are seeing everything from some of the best yields in years to some of the worst yields," said John Beasley, a University of Georgia Extension Service peanut scientist.
The harvest is winding down now, Beasley said.
"We had an interruption of two weeks of rainy weather the weeks of Sept. 30 and Oct. 7," he said. "Hurricane Fran came through and brought a lot of rain. And that gave us weather that's not very conducive to harvest."
When the bad weather hit, some growers had already dug their peanuts, which were laying on the ground to dry and be harvested. Others had peanuts that were mature enough to be dug but were still in the ground.
"Those under the ground weren't hurt as badly as those on top of the ground," Beasley said.
Once the weather cleared, though, it was perfect.
"We've had good harvest weather lately: clear days with low humidity and a good breeze to help cure peanuts in the windrow," Beasley said. "We were only 50 percent harvested at the first of October, but (going into the last week) we had probably less than 5 percent left to harvest."
Normally, the peanut crop is two-thirds to three-fourths harvested by Oct. 1.
"Because we only harvested 50 to 60 percent before that time, it's hard to tell how much loss we suffered from the rains," Beasley said. "It was some,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 31.189722
Retrieved Text: January 9, 2018 – On January 5, 2018, forty-eight days after JPSS-1 (NOAA-20) was launched into Earth orbit, it sent back its first Cross-track Infrared Sounder (CrIS) science data. This data is a part of a series of instrument activation and checkout tests that occur before the satellite is declared fully operational. CrIS is one of five key instruments onboard NOAA-20 that will improve day-to-day weather forecasting while extending the record of many long-term observations of Earth’s climate.
CrIS provides global hyperspectral infrared observations twice daily for profiling atmospheric temperature and water vapor, critically needed information for improving weather forecast accuracy out to seven days. CrIS also supplies information to retrieve greenhouse gases, land surface and cloud properties. CrIS measures infrared spectra in three spectral bands: the long-wave IR (LWIR) band from 650 to 1095 cm-1, mid-wave IR (MWIR) band from 1210 to 1750 cm-1 and short-wave IR (SWIR) band from 2155 to 2550 cm-1.
This image shows the global brightness temperature distribution at day time in one of the CrIS water vapor channels at 1598.75 cm-1. This channel is sensitive to water vapor amount around 500 hPa, and to mid- to high-level clouds. Dark blue colors in the image represent liquid water and ice clouds. Yellows indicate that the radiation is from the warm Earth’s surface, or a dry layer in the middle troposphere. The image captured the blizzard striking the northeast coast of the United State on January 5, 2018. With the detailed vertical water vapor information provided by CrIS water vapor channels, weather forecast can

########
Rank: 25
Score: 31.0711
Retrieved Text: Robert Scott and his team did not survive their journey to the South Pole in 1912, but left some valuable weather data.
Niwa climate scientists are calling for volunteers to unearth weather secrets from the past, including those recorded by members of Captain Robert Scott's doomed journey to the South Pole in 1912.
Scott and his four-man team perished and their bodies were left on the ice, but their weather records were retrieved. Now scientists plan to use those records, and millions of daily observations made by early explorers, people on whaling ships, cargo ships and lighthouses around New Zealand and the Southern Ocean before the 1950s, to learn more about climate change.
To do that, they are looking for volunteers to key-in information from handwritten weather logbooks into a computer database.
Niwa climate scientist Petra Pearce said the more that was known about weather in the past, the more accurate predictions for future climate patterns would be.
Big gaps in weather records before the 1950s made it harder to work out future climate changes, "but by recovering many of these records, and digitising them, we can feed the information into weather reconstructions that help us understand how rapidly this important part of the Earth is changing.
The more observations we have, the more certainty we have about the conditions at the time," she said.
The weather records, some dating back to the mid-1800s, were normally meticulously kept in logbooks, with entries made several times a day recording information such as temperature, barometric pressure and wind direction, as well as comments about cloud

########
Rank: 26
Score: 30.97891
Retrieved Text: Researchers studying the rings of ancient trees in mountainous central Mongolia think they may have gotten at the mystery of how small bands of nomadic Mongol horsemen united to conquer much of the world within a span of decades, 800 years ago.
The rise of the great leader Genghis Khan and the start of the largest contiguous empire in human history was propelled by a temporary run of nice weather.
In the late 1100s, the Mongol tribes were racked by disarray and internal warfare, but this ended with the sudden ascendance of Genghis (also known as Chinggis) Khan in the early 1200s. In just a matter of years, he united the tribes into an efficient horse-borne military state that rapidly invaded its neighbors and expanded outward in all directions. Genghis Khan died in 1227, but his sons and grandsons continued conquering and soon ruled most of what became modern Korea, China, Russia, eastern Europe, southeast Asia, Persia, India and the Mideast. The empire eventually fragmented, but the Mongols’ vast geographic reach and their ideas—an international postal system, organized agriculture research and meritocracy-based civil service among other things–shaped national borders, languages, cultures and human gene pools in ways that resound today. Genghis Khan’s last ruling descendants ran parts of central Asia into the 1920s.
Some researchers have postulated that the Mongols expanded because they were fleeing harsh weather at home–but Pederson and colleagues found the opposite. In 2010, Pederson and coauthor Amy Hessl, a tree-ring scientist at West Virginia University, were studying wildfires in Mongolia when they came across a

########
Rank: 27
Score: 30.822409
Retrieved Text: Scientists at Columbia University’s Earth Institute will present important new studies at the Dec. 5-9 meeting of the American Geophysical Union in San Francisco, the world’s largest gathering of earth and space scientists. Below: a chronological guide (Pacific Standard Time).
Journalists not attending the meeting are welcome to call scientists. PRESS CONFERENCES can be viewed via live webstreaming at: http://live.projectionnet.com/agupress/fm2011.aspx . Remote viewers can ask questions during press conferences by registering at the bottom of this webstreaming page, and sending in their queries via chat.
Most of the Earth Institute researchers are at our Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory (LDEO).
A team drilling deep into the bed of the Dead Sea has recovered the Mideast’s longest record of past environmental changes—one suggesting climate change could rock this already volatile region. Projections say the Mideast will become more arid in coming decades, and today, the Dead Sea’s level is already dropping fast as nations compete for its inflow. The new cores suggest the sea actually disappeared during previous warm times, without human intervention—a possible warning for future decades. They also provide an unparalleled record of earthquakes and other natural phenomena relevant to hazard risk, or even Biblical events. The deepest layers precede ancient civilizations, and thus may speak to climate’s effects on human evolution.
Mon., Dec. 5, 9:00-9:15am. Room 2005. PP11C-05. This talk is the subject of a PRESS CONFERENCE: Mon., Dec. 5, 10am. Room 3000.
Rosenzweig discusses progress of a new global project to forecast the potential effects of changing climate on world food security. The Agricultural Model Intercomparison and Improvement Project (AgMIP)

########
Rank: 28
Score: 30.671707
Retrieved Text: On Saturday 3 November 2018 the temperature and humidity data was off line for approximately one hour when maintenance and an upgrade was conducted.
Wind direction measurements were not available due to equipment failure at 11:00 AM on December 24 2017. This has caused the wind direction measurements to not record correctly and repeatedly record the same direction. This issue was resolved with the commissioning of a new system. However alternative wind measurements are provided on this page in a trial state as a temporary substitute but at a lower measuring frequency until 26 September 2018. The station used for these measurement is less reliable which failed on the 26 September 2018 and outages during very high humidity occurred when manual observations are not available.
On Wednesday 26 September 2018 all sensors reporting observations at this site were relocated to a different and temporary site between 8 am and 10:30 am. There were interruptions to the collected data during this relocation. This new location is less exposed than the currently installed locations which is expected to produce a moderate impact on recorded observations. As a result lower wind speed, lower rainfall, higher humidity and slightly cooler day-time temperatures are generally expected. A replacement system (Davis Vantage Pro 2) was installed on Wednesday 3 October and replaced the current system at 4:45 PM on Thursday 4 October. The data is measured much more accurately and differences are be expected from the existing observations. A comparison summary comparing the new system to the old system over the next several months

########
Rank: 29
Score: 30.66851
Retrieved Text: I’m Australian, but moved to Boston about five years ago to start my PhD at MIT. After graduating in September, I’m now a postdoctoral fellow at Harvard’s Department of Earth and Planetary Sciences. I’m interested in turbulent exchanges of water, heat, momentum and scalars between the land and atmosphere, which control the occurrence and severity of droughts, floods and heatwaves (among other things). The turbulent fluxes are often tightly coupled and not well-represented in weather and climate models. To study this system, I use high-resolution simulations of turbulent flows (including the atmosphere) and field observations. I also use and develop satellite observations of soil moisture and vegetation.
Precipitation causes the land surface to get wet. But it can go the other way: a wet land surface can cause rainfall to occur. Evaporation of water from the land surface adds water to the lower atmosphere, which can prime it for rainfall. This leads to feedbacks: rain adds water to the land surface, which is pumped back into the atmosphere, which causes more rain, and so on. Feedbacks like this can prolong droughts, heatwaves and floods, but are poorly represented in weather and climate models. For feedbacks to occur, the land surface has to hold on to water from the atmosphere for a while: if rainwater drains rapidly out of the soil layer, for instance, there’s no time for land-atmosphere feedbacks to take hold. So to identify regions where land-atmosphere feedbacks have the potential to occur, we need to estimate how long the land surface holds on to precipitation

================



======= Instance Index 45 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are water or bleach ):

For bases we can state the folllowing: The higher the pH of a substance, the more basic it is.


Sue measured water to be a pH of 7, and she measured bleach at a pH of 11. Which substance is more basic water or bleach?

Target Text: bleach

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 56.75922
Retrieved Text: pH meters (potential hydrogen) level of any material or substance is defined by the acidity or alkalinity of that substance and is usually measured, on a scale of 0-14. Neutral pH being 7, 0 pH is acid and 14 pH being alkaline.
It is important to look after your pH meter, otherwise your meter may read incorrectly as a minimum you must keep the pH electrode clean, by holding it under a running tap. If the pH electrode is excessively dirty, a cleaning solution can be used or alternatively use de-ionised water. Leave the electrode in the cleaning solution for at least half an hour, preferably overnight to ensure it is thoroughly clean. After soaking overnight, rinse the electrode and then soak in a 4pH buffer solution before giving the electrode a final rinse. The electrode should then be ready for use.
Contact us for any further information or help with your pH meter selection.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 55.090313
Retrieved Text: pH is the acidity or base of a substance that is dissolved in water. The pH of a substance is based on the number of H+ and OH- (Hydrogen ion concentration) the solution has. If there is more H+ than OH-, the solution is acidic. If there is more OH- than H+, the solution is basic. The scale on which pH is measured is from 0 (lowest pH) to 14 (highest pH). The number 7 represents neutral pH. Water has a neutral pH. This means that there is an equal number of H+ and OH- in water. A log is the exponent of how many exponents the pH is measured as. For instance, a pH of 3 represents a -log which is is equal to 10-3. This means that a substance with a pH of 4 has a concentration of hydrogen atoms that is 10 times greater than a substance with a pH of 5. The pH of the human body that is is usually between 7.35 and 7.45, this is because our body has buffers, natural protectors that can tolerate acids which is important because there are many acids that are produced regularly by the body. Stomach acid has a pH of 2. The formula pH = -log (H+) is important to understanding pH. The (H+) part f the formula represents the value of the pH of the solution in scientific notation, for example, a pH of 2 is the equivalent of 10-2. A commonly used acid is hydrochloric acid. If you mix an acid

########
Rank: 2
Score: 54.277184
Retrieved Text: pH scale is a measure of acidity and alkalinity. Practically, it is numbered between 0 and 14.
Neutral substance has pH of 7.
A solution of pH less than 7 is acidic The lower the pH, the more acidic the solution or the higher the concentration of H+ ions in the solution.
A solution of pH above 7 is alkaline. The higher the pH, the more alkaline the solution or higher concentration of OH- ions presence in the solution.
The pH of a solution can be measured by using the Universal indicator, pH paper or with a pH-meter.
An indicator is a substance or mixture of substances that when added to the solution gives different colours depending on the pH of the solution. Table below shows the colour of indicators in neutral, acidic and alkaline solution.
The best indicator of all is the universal indicator.
It can be used to show not only whether a substance is acidic or alkaline, but also whether it is a strong acid or a weak acid.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 54.10503
Retrieved Text: pH is a measure of whether water is acid, neutral or alkaline and is measured on a scale of 1 -7=acid 7=Neutral and 7- 14 =alkaline. Variances in pH can have dramatic affects on the health and well-being of your pond. Changes in pH are invisible so without regular testing, changes can have an effect before you even notice something is wrong.
pH is measured in a logarithmic scale which means for every unit of change in the scale the concentration changes tenfold e.g. pH8 is 10x more alkaline than neutral pH7 and pH 9 is 1000x more alkaline than pH7. So relatively small changes in pH are actually quite significant.
Ponds are an open environment and are therefore susceptible to environmental pollution which can affect the pH of your pond. For example, lime leaching from concrete or soluble rock can create high pH so it is important to be aware of the environment around your pond and either eliminate these factors or be prepared to regularly treat your pond’s pH.
Some biological factors can affect pH like very strong algae growth which can raise the pond pH rapidly.
The pH in your pond may also be affected by the tap water in your area. If you are noticing frequent and significant high pH issues you may benefit from testing your tap water to see if regular pH treatment is necessary.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 52.303562
Retrieved Text: Water with an ORP of -50mV will have enough negative ions to attract and neutralize excess acids Drinking water should have a PH level at or above 9.5. PH …... Basically all liquids have an Oxidation Reduction Potential (ORP), which, as per the definition of an antioxidant above, is the potential for one liquid substance to reduce the oxidation of another substance. It is measured in millivolts (mV) and most liquids fall between +700 and -800. In other words, the more powerful the antioxidant, the lower the ORP level. As things oxidize, the ORP rises.
The Super negative readings generated by these machines are below -50 and can go as low as negative 1000mv. Preparation and Conditioning of Probes for Negative ORP Readings.
Basically all liquids have an Oxidation Reduction Potential (ORP), which, as per the definition of an antioxidant above, is the potential for one liquid substance to reduce the oxidation of another substance. It is measured in millivolts (mV) and most liquids fall between +700 and -800. In other words, the more powerful the antioxidant, the lower the ORP level. As things oxidize, the ORP rises.
The concept of ORP, or Oxidation Reduction Potential, is a mystery to many. It is by any measure difficult to explain and even more difficult to understand.
ORP [oxidation reduction potential] meters are scientific instruments which measure the antioxidant qualities of ionized water. Read more about the benefits of antioxidants in ionized water.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 52.11451
Retrieved Text: 1) I only experianced one big difference between the two while making the mixtures. What I observed is that the Baking POWDER required less vinegar then the Baking SODA, which was by about 1/2.
b: The active ingredients in Baking Powder are sodium, hydrogen, carbon, and three atoms of oxygen.
3) PH measures acidity. The PH level of the mixture went up as we added vi egar. The PH of the two are the same.
4) In both experiments(baking soda&vinegar/baking powder&vinegar), they were both double replacements.
5) The process, operation, or method of determaining the concentration of a substance in soulution by adding to it a standerd regent of known concentration carefully measured amounts until a reaction of definite and known porportions is completed.
create Carbon Dioxide. After enough vinegar is added and the mixture stops bubbling, it is a clearish mixture. This is a exothermic reaction.
-The purpose of this lab was to see the difference in PH levels of Baking Powder and Baking Powder. The first step I took was to mix 1/4 cup of water and baking powder. After it was complete I tested the PH level by using a pH strip, which turned yellow, then green, and had a PH level of 8. After I was done with this, I added vinegar to the mixture. When then bubbling was done I measured the PH level of the mixture again. This time the strip quickly turned orange. The PH level was 6. I repeated the same exact steps just instead of baking powder, baking soda. The baking soda/water mixture

########
Rank: 6
Score: 52.083153
Retrieved Text: Now that summer is on its way, people are out and about enjoying the weather, construction is in full force, and lawns and gardens are getting tended to. What is all this activity doing to our streams? Nobody knows for sure, but were getting closer with help from dedicated volunteers, maybe even you.
In 2000 the Whistler Fisheries Stewardship group started a volunteer water quality monitoring program. For the first time, Whistler had consistent information on the state of our streams, with the added advantage of not being driven by development pressure. Each summer data is collected and used to figure out what changes are going on and then hopefully find out why. Monitoring also helps evaluate the success of any rehabilitation projects. Here is whats being tested for and why, courtesy of the Streamkeepers Handbook from the Department of Fisheries and Oceans.
Temperature: Most aquatic organisms are cold blooded, so their body temperatures are the same as the water temperature. Shading from trees, water surface area and volume, turbidity, stream bed colour, and orientation to the sun all affect stream temperature. When the water temperature goes up, the concentration of dissolved oxygen goes down. As the temperature rises, animals use oxygen at a faster rate, become stressed and are more likely to succumb to contaminants, parasites, and disease. In warmer water plants will also grow faster and therefore produce more oxygen  however, when plants die, their decomposition consumes more oxygen. Lakeside Creek had the highest average temperature last summer at 16.5 ° C while Fitzsimmons Creek

########
Rank: 7
Score: 51.99841
Retrieved Text: Chlorine bleach Ph 11-13 nearly tips the scale all the way to the top of the alkaline level. Because it’s near one of the ends of the pH scale, we know it is corrosive and will require you to use proper ventilation when being used. Bleach is not safe to use on many surfaces including some fabric types. Do not mix bleach with other types of cleaning supplies or chemicals. On the other hand, bleach is fantastic at whitening and removing stains.
Mixing bleach with ammonia generates toxic chloramine vapor. Mixing bleach and ammonia is extremely dangerous, since toxic vapors will be produced.
Tub and tile cleaner Ph 11-13 is another alkaline substance that removes dirt and grime effectively but can be corrosive. Be sure to use caution and ventilate the room where you are using tub and tile cleaner. Neutralize of thoroughly rinse. Use your (PPE) Personal Protective Equipment.
Borax: With a 10 on the pH scale is not as corrosive as some of its cousins like bleach and ammonia. But Borax is still an alkaline substance, good at breaking down oils and organic dirt. This is one of the reasons that Borax makes such an effective laundry booster.
Mild Dish Soap Ph 7-8 When it comes to neutrality mild dish soap usually hits the mark perfectly. If your dish soap is labeled mild, gentle, or great for hands, chances are its pH level is somewhere right around 7. This mildness makes dish soap perfect for day to day cleaning. Most surfaces won’t be damaged by dish soap, and

########
Rank: 8
Score: 51.61649
Retrieved Text: Renowned healing waters around the world share two common properties: they are higher in pH and negatively ionized. An ionizer from AlkaViva recreates these properties using water from your tap to create the healthiest drinking water available.
pH is a measurement that indicates the level of alkalinity or acidity as measured on the pH scale. For example, a pH of 7 is neutral. A pH of 4 is acid (eg pop or distilled water), a pH of 9 is alkaline. More and more researchers and health practitioners understand the importance of balancing body pH to maintain good health. Ionization raises or lowers the pH in water and drinking alkaline ionized water can help you maintain this ever important balance.
Ionization also alters the water’s electrical properties. The way this is measured is through Oxidation Reduction Potential or ORP (redox) which is expressed in millivolts. ORP is a measure of antioxidant power.
A high ORP value, such as +380mv represents a highly oxidizing liquid, eg pop; a low ORP value, such as -280mv is indicative of a powerful antioxidant like fresh orange juice or alkaline ionized water.
Research shows that the ideal level for drinking alkaline water is between pH8.5 and pH9.5, with an ORP of -250mv. It is unimportant if an ionizer creates big -ORP numbers at really high levels of pH. For most people, water over a pH10 begins to acquire an unpleasant taste due to the heavy concentration of minerals. What is important is drinking water at the mildly alkaline levels of pH8.5 to pH9.5 with good -ORP

########
Rank: 9
Score: 50.821445
Retrieved Text: Neutralization is all about finding a balance between materials. In chemistry, a neutralization reaction is the reaction that happens between an acid and a base. There are all kinds of different ways that that these reactions happen both in scientific labs and in the wider world.
A neutralized solution in chemistry refers to the reaction between an acid and base that results in a neutral balance, or a measure of 7 on the pH scale.
In chemistry, all chemical compounds are measured on a pH, or “potential of Hydrogen” scale. The scale measures from 0 to 14. Corrosive substances such as acids and bases are defined by the amount of hydrogen ion activity they give off when dissolved in water, and then the substances are separated into two categories. Those that measure from 0 to almost 7 are considered acids, and those from just above 7 to 14 are considered bases.
Sitting right at a pH level of 7 is pure water. An acidic substance lower than 7, then, breaks apart in water to form a positive hydrogen ion in that water. Common strong acids include hydrochloric acid, nitric acid and sulfuric acid.
Bases, at a pH level higher than 7, form a negatively charged hydroxide ion when they break apart in water. Common bases include sodium hydroxide and potassium hydroxide.
The term neutralization refers to a situation in which a reaction occurs that produces a solution with no excess of hydrogen or hydroxide ions. Each substance starts with its own characteristics that put it in the acid or base category.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 50.770306
Retrieved Text: ACID: Liquid (muriatic acid) or dry granular (sodium bisulfate) substance used to lower the pool's pH (toward a more acidic condition) or to lower total alkalinity levels.
ACID DEMAND: A titration test used to determine proper amounts of acid (or pH decreaser) to reach correct levels. For example, to lower pH from 8.0 to 7.6, your pool may "demand" 2qts. of acid.
AIR BLEEDER ASSEMBLY: Located on the top of the filter and sometimes accompanied by a pressure gauge, the bleeder is opened to release air trapped in the filter.
ALGAE: Over 20,000 species known to exist. Algae may form on your pool surfaces or it may bloom in suspension. We typically know algae to be green but it may also be yellow (mustard algae), black, blue-green, or any shade in between. It may form separate spots or seem to grow in sheets. Pink algae is not algae at all but a form of bacteria. Algae are living breathing organisms that need warmth, sunlight, and CO² to thrive. Click here to learn more about algae and how it affects your pool.
ALGAECIDE: Meaning, to kill algae. Algaecides perform best as a backup to a routine sanitation program. They also help to kill airborne spores as they blow into the pool. A variety of algae treatment products are available including copper and silver compounds, poly-quat compounds, chlorine enhancers , and herbicides.
ALGAESTAT: An algaecide kills algae, while an algaestat retards and prevents its genesis and growth.
ALKALINE: Alkalis are best known for being bases (compounds with pH greater than 7) that dissolve in

########
Rank: 11
Score: 50.38392
Retrieved Text: In a burst of enthusiasm, nineteen participants came together at the Australiana Pioneer Village to spend some three hours training with Greg McDonald and Cecil Ellis from AusMuseum Streamwatch program. Fully provisioned kits will be supplied to these teams to use on water testing at Bushells Lagoon and Australiana Village lagoon as well as further afield. Water quality is monitored on a monthly basis including testing oxygen, phosphate, saltiness, pH and turbidity levels. Water quality data is recorded and can act as an early warning system for pollution events and provides a valuable record of catchment health.
pH (Acidity or alkalinity which is measured on the pH scale). This scale ranges from 0 to 14, where values less than 7 are acidic, 7 is neutral, and values greater than 7 are basic. Most aquatic organisms are adapted to living within narrow pH ranges around neutral. The optimal pH range for most Australian freshwater organisms is from 6.5 to 8.0. Shifts in pH can damage aquatic animals’ gills, skin and eyes, which then makes them more susceptible to disease.
Electrical conductivity which is used as an indirect measure of salinity. The greater the concentration of salt in water, the better it conducts electricity. Salinity can be a major factor in determining the plant and animal species occurring in an aquatic environment. Changes in salinity can adversely affect the composition of freshwater communities.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 49.420605
Retrieved Text: Turn garments inside out prior to wash. Fill the washer no more than 2/3 full.
Set washer to Normal or Cotton cycle at any water temperature up to a maximum of 140°F.
Use any type of laundry detergent.
Do not sue soap, chlorine bleach, liquid non-chlorine bleach, fabric softeners or starches as these hinder FR performance.
Conditioned or soft water can help improve removal of contaminants. Hard water precipitates soaps and results in chemical build up that could serve as fuel if exposed to ignition.
Remove soils and other contaminants prior to washing. This may require stain removal products or pre-soaking the garment before washing. Hot water can assist in the removal of soils. If there are contaminants that cannot be removed from the garment prior to wash have the garment dry cleaned.
Do not over dry garments. Garments can be ironed as long as permanent press low heat is used.
Contact garment manufacturer for any additional laundering questions.
Do not wash with other garments to avoid damage to the luminescent effect.
Fabric softener, starch, and other laundry additives should be avoided as they can mask the FR performance. Garments should only be soured between a 5.5 and 6.5 pH.
Use soft water (less than 4 grains) when washing FR clothing. Hard water can hinder the cleaning and result in increased detergent usage.
Don’t use natural soaps such as anionic or tallow soap. Use non-ionic formulas.
Do not use Chlorine bleach (sodium hypochlorite). Over time bleach can destroy the luminescent effect if used.
If a garment is heavily soiled with abrasive soils or particulate, flush as 105°F at the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 49.251347
Retrieved Text: During manufacture, stringent control is exercised on following properties of Refoil Bleaching Earth.
A hard to bleach oil, with known ffa and color is treated with various dosages of Refoil Earth under standard vacuum, temperature, contact time and stirring. The colors are measured in Lovibond Tintometer and the results are compared with standard earth results.
Measurement of residual free acid content as well as pH value of water solution filtered out of the Bleaching Earth are routine test with titration method as well as pH meter and stringent standards are maintained for the same.
Moisture content is measured in a standard laboratory drying chamber as well as by Karl-Fisher- titrations.
It is checked on standard sieves by careful air stream sieving as well as on particle size analyser.
We have a standard, exhaustive, test method for determining the filteration properties of our bleaching earth. We filter oil under standard conditions of temperature and pressure difference over an oil-wet-filter-cake. Stringent standards are followed and maintained to ensure fast filtration rate of Refoil Earth.
This is a supplementary test carried out in conjunction with filtration test. It depends on activation and particle size of Bleaching Earth and is maintained at the minimum levels.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 49.226856
Retrieved Text: Understanding Water Quality : A Quick Look Into The CPCB Norms.
Water is probably the most important natural resource, second only to air! While water is available in sufficient quantities for all human requirements, non-uniform distribution of water in different parts of the world and even within a country makes wise use of water and understanding water quality not only a necessity but the very crucial factor for day-to-day life and activities.
With the rising concentrated use of water in geographies like metropolitan cities and industrial zones, it has become absolutely necessary that we keenly monitor the quality of water that we use for different activities. Central Pollution Control Board(CPCB) has laid detailed guidelines about water quality and what industry needs to do measure and maintain it.
1. How Is Water Quality Defined?
Before we actually look at water quality guidelines prescribed by CPCB (Central Pollution Control Board), it will be worthwhile to have a look at different parameters that define water quality.
pH: pH is a logarithmically plotted figure which tells how acidic or alkaline any fluid is. pH value of 7 corresponds to a neutral fluid which is neither acidic nor alkaline. pH value believes 7 indicates acidic nature of the fluid while pH value above 7 indicates the alkaline nature of the fluid.
Dissolved Oxygen (DO): Water normally contains a certain amount of dissolved oxygen molecules which get dissolved in water via diffusion during the aeration process. Dissolved oxygen generally improves the taste of the water. Very high quantities of dissolved oxygen will lead to corrosion of pipelines and

########
Rank: 15
Score: 47.93284
Retrieved Text: pH is a measure of the acidity or alkalinity of a solution. It is measured and assigned a value from 1 to 14. 1 is the most acidic and 14 is the most alkaline or basic. The scale is divided in the middle with a value of 7 as the neutral value.
pH of less than 7 are acidic and pH of more than 7 is alkaline.
pH is an abbreviation for power of Hydrogen and is used to indicate the measure of hydrogen ion concentration in a solution.
Solution in this context implies it is a water based solution. If there is no water there is no pH to put it simply. To state it differently a product that is a mixture of oils or alcohols, pH value is not applicable.
pH scale is on logarithmic scale therefore the difference between each number is a factor of 10. For example, baking soda with a pH of 9 is 100 times more alkaline than water. If the skin pH is 5.5, putting on lime juice or baking soda would irritate and inflame the skin as lime juice is acidic and baking soda is alkaline.
Many factors disrupt the skin's acid mantle and pH value examples being stress, pollution, age, dietary habits, smoking, etc. As we age, skin becomes more acidic thereby reducing its ability to protect itself.
So when we use skincare products we should be aware of the product's pH value as it will be higher or lower than the skin's pH. As time goes by, skin which is our largest

########
Rank: 16
Score: 47.907356
Retrieved Text: Moving water dilutes and decomposes pollutants more rapidly than standing water, but many rivers and streams are polluted throughout the world. A primary reason for this is that all three major sources of pollution (industry, agriculture and domestic) are concentrated along the rivers. Industries and cities are usually located along rivers because the rivers provide remonstration and have traditionally been a convenient place to discharge waste. The Levels of Pollution at the Reproduce and Copper Rivers The investigation was conducted at two sites. At the Reproduce River In Woodland and the Copper River in San Fernando.
Time of Arrival and Weather at both Rivers: Reproduce River Time of Arrival: 9:05 Weather: Us any Copper River Time of Arrival: 1 0:28 Characteristic Results for Both Rivers: Comparison of Results for Both Rivers: Color: Reproduce River- Light brown Copper River- Dark brown The reasons for the color of both rivers are because: The Reproduce River contained less dissolved waste and flowed freely. The Copper River however, had a great deal of solid waste and possibly dissolved chemicals in the water. The Copper River was also very stagnant and had a great deal of moss and so appeared darker in color.
Phosphates Phosphates indicate soil erosion and fertilizer runoff into the rivers. Figures 1 and 2 show the levels Of phosphates found at both study sites. Figure 1: results Phosphate Results Figure: 2 Copper River Phosphate The comparison of the tables shows that the phosphate level was lower at the Reproduce River than the Copper River. Phosphates are usually present in

########
Rank: 17
Score: 47.725277
Retrieved Text: ← How to build a pole barn – in pictures!
The pH of your soil is important as it gives you an idea what will and won’t grow in your soil. But what is pH anyways?
Water is an amazing substance – without it life would not exist on our planet. One of its amazing properties is its ability to dissolve other compounds making them available for living things to absorb into their cells. The reason water can do this is because of the structure of the water building block – its molecule.
Amazing waterfall in Iceland…water is the source of all life!
Everything on our planet is made up of different types of atoms bonded in combinations to each other to form molecules. Earth of these atoms has an electrical ‘field’ which holds the molecules together. The water molecule is made up of an oxygen (O) atom bonded to two hydrogen (H) atoms. The famous H2O molecule! What is important in the water molecule is that the electrical field is not evenly spread – it has a slightly negative end and a slightly positive end. Chemists call it a “polar” molecule. This property makes it able to dissolve other molecules, especially those we call ‘salts’. These ‘salts’ are what living things need to build cells and have normal growth.
In nature all water has some level of dissolved salts. Some of those salts release into the water a positively charged atomic particle called the hydrogen ion (H+). This hydrogen ion is the active item of what we call acids. Acids

########
Rank: 18
Score: 47.27963
Retrieved Text: Compact Meters offering accurate measurement from only a single drop to Horiba original flat sensor.
LAQUAtwin’s easy, reliable and quick measurement of 7 parameters brings new dimension to your water quality testing.
pH, conductivity, ions and salinity. 7 parameters, 11 models.
Calibrate and measure at the touch of a button – the Smiley face will tell you when the result can be read.
LAQUAtwin is fully waterproof and dustproof (IP67).
Carry case comes standard for handy portability.
Calibration solutions included for each model.
For all models, please download this brochure.
Water pH varies in different environments, and a slight change can often have a major effect.
Whether you need to keep the pH of an aquarium within tight limits, are checking for the acidity of rain water or for the quality of meat and fish products, LAQUAtwin compact pH meters are ideal for you. No matter where and when you need to test.
Fresh water testing (rain, rivers, lakes, hot springs); aquaria; drainage treatment solutions; soil testing for improved agriculture; fermentation and brewing; food freshness testing; research laboratories; QC of medical supplies and cosmetics; preventative dentistry; school education, etc.
Flat sensor technology and 60 years of sensor engineering realizes a reliable and direct measurement of a drop of the sample from 0.12mL. No need for a beaker to calibrate or measure. Just drop the standards and sample on the flat sensor, saves you time and minimize wasting your precious sample.Conductivity readings can be converted into salinity and TDS.
analysis of surface cleanliness prior to coating; and improved paint adhesion.
Only compact meter for a quick measurement of sodium ion

########
Rank: 19
Score: 47.198166
Retrieved Text: A method and apparatus are disclosed which produce physical, chemical and/or biological non-local effect on a target substance through non-local processes mediated by quantum entanglement. In one broad embodiment, the apparatus includes a target substance, a first container holding said target substance; an originating substance, a second container holding said originating substance, said originating substance being quantum-entangled with said target substance; and a mean for manipulating said originating substance such that when said manipulation mean operates, said non-local effect is generated in said target substance through said non-local processes mediated by quantum entanglement. Also described are a number of implementations and methods of use of the apparatus, including a member of the manipulation mean being a Dewar filled with liquid nitrogen, a heater, a chemical substance, a laser or a magnetic coil connected to a driving device and the use being industrial, therapeutic, communicational or recreational.
1. A method of producing a non-local effect in a target through manipulating an originating substance and detecting said non-local effect which comprises the steps of: selecting said target which comprises a physical, chemical or biological system; selecting a target substance and said originating substance, said target substance being quantum-entangled with said originating substance; contacting said target substance with said target; positioning said target containing said target substance at a first location and said originating substance at a second location; manipulating said originating substance; and detecting said non-local effect; whereby said non-local effect is generated through a non-local process mediated by a quantum entanglement among said originating substance, said target substance

########
Rank: 20
Score: 46.954857
Retrieved Text: Spa Guard pH Increaser raises the pH of water in spas and hot tubs. The pH should be maintained at 7.2 to 7.6 (as measured by the accurate test method). A low pH can cause eye irritation, strong chemical odor, rapid sanitizer loss and corrosion of metal in the filtration system.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 46.937595
Retrieved Text: You may have heard all about alkaline water, but what exactly is it, and what benefits can it give us and our bodies? The pH scale is a scale which is measured by the concentration of ions in a liquid or substance. At the lower end of the scale is pH 1, this is the most acidic a substance can be.
At the high end of the spectrum is pH 14, which is the most alkaline a substance or liquid can be. Every liquid, food and substance has its own level on the pH scale. The pH level of water naturally sits at a 7 on the scale, and this is because it is neutralised in our water systems with disinfectants and other additives.
Alkaline water has a higher pH, usually around an 8 or a 9 on the scale, and is marketed by many as having a host of health benefits for us. But what exactly does alkaline do for us? Below are 5 secrets of alkaline water and pH Levels that can change your life. Later on in this article, you will also be able to see exactly where you can buy alkaline water from, and even learn how to make your own alkaline water from the comfort of your own home.
Naturally, our bodies sit at a pH level of 7.365. And, to keep the balance within ourselves, we ideally need to be drinking water that sits at around 9 or 10 on the scale. This is because it has many health benefits, and can actually

########
Rank: 22
Score: 46.838463
Retrieved Text: Simple System to Control PH Digital peristaltic dosing pump for pH. Proportional dosing depending on the measured pH value 2 in 1 (instrument+pump).
Flow rate up to 1,5 l/h.
Simple System to Control Chlorine Digital peristaltic dosing pump for Chlorine (Redox). Proportional dosing depending on the measured Redox value 2 in 1 (instrument+pump).
Economical and simple 2in1 pH or Redox control System Digital electromagnetic dosing pump with LCD display. Constant or proportional dosing depending on the measured pH. Pump and Cotroller together (2 in 1)).
(PH-) pH minus with acid.
(PH+) pH plus with Caustic Soda.
(ORP) Auto Chlorination with Sodium Hypochlorite.
Intelligent Controller for Salt Electrolysisi Chlorinator Controller for Salt Electrolysis Chlorinator with LCD display. Proportional operation depending on the measured of Redox.
(ORP) Autocontrol "Steril" Salt Electrolysis Chlorinators.
(ORP) Autocontrol Dosing Pump Chlorinators.
Auto-dosing system for Algeacide or Flocculant Auto dosing peristaltic pump for Algeacide or Flocculant. Batch or weekly timer dosing.
(PH-) Weekly dosing of Algeacide.
(PH+) Weekly dosing of Flocculant.
(ORP) Daily dosing of essences.
Intelligent and simple pH or Redox control System Controller and peristaltic dosing pump with LCD display. Constant or proportional dosing depending on the measured pH. Pump and Cotroller together (2 in 1)).
Pool Chlorinator and pH Controller Double pH/Rx controller and double peristaltic dosing pumps with LCD display. Constant or proportional dosing depending on the measured pH and Redox. (4 in 1)).
(PH-/Rx) pH minus and auto-Chlorination.
(PH+/Rx) pH plus and auto-Chlorination.
Intelligent auto-pH Controller Intelligent auto-pH controller and Weekly dosing for algaecide or flocculant. Constant or proportional dosing depending on the measured pH and Timer. (3 in 1)).
(PH-/PH+) pH minus and pH plus controller.
(PH-/Chem)

########
Rank: 23
Score: 46.83361
Retrieved Text: The soil is made up of minerals, organic matter (living and dead), air and water. Soil provides nutrients and serves as a foundation for plants. Improving your soil increases plant health and is critical to growing a lawn or garden you’ll enjoy for a lifetime.
Plant growth and vigor are often dependent on soil pH. The measurement of how alkaline or acidic the soil is. Soil pH is measured on a scale of 1 to 14 with a measurement of 7.0 considered neutral. A number below 7 is acidic (sometimes called “sour”); a number above 7 is alkaline.
A soil test determines whether your soil is acidic, neutral or alkaline. A soil test also indicates which elements are missing from your soil and how much to add to remedy the problem. Soil test kits are available at different garden centers. These kits will provide an immediate analysis of your soil’s pH and nutrient levels.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 46.707413
Retrieved Text: With a view to the fact that PROXIM s.r.o. has been focusing on water treatment methods for many years, it decided to create a project that would be matchless in its scope and content and provide useful advice by means of Mr. Clearwater, an expert on swimming pool and garden pond water care and treatment.
Only a few professionals would claim to be the only true and experienced experts who have an answer to every question. We are no exception and the more in-depth knowledge we obtain, the more we feel that we know much less than in the beginning. Nevertheless, putting to use our knowledge and experience, we ventured into creating space with tips and advice on how to maintain water in garden or public swimming pools, whirlpools or wellness pools, and decorative or swimming ponds.
What can happen if the water pH is too low?
A pH value below 6.8 causes metal and concrete corrosion, discolouration, as well as eye and skin irritation.
What to do after filling up the pool for the first time?
First of all, you should measure the pH value of the water in the pool with the aid of a pH tester. The optimum pH value is between 6.8 and 7.6. If the measured value is higher, lower it by adding pH MINUS, or if it is lower, increase it by adding pH PLUS.
Especially in cases when you use local water sources to fill the pool, you should determine the water hardness. If the water is too hard, apply the HARDNESS STABILISER. This will

########
Rank: 25
Score: 46.687233
Retrieved Text: – Researchers at the University of Florida recently tested eleven brands of lozenge-type oral moisturizers for harmful acidity levels that cause tooth erosion. The study found that nine of the eleven tested products are acidic (pH less than 7) and cause tooth erosion. The only two lozenge-type dry mouth remedies that were non-acidic were OraCoat® XyliMelts® and Salese®.
The objective of the study was to measure pH levels, titratable acidity, and erosive effect of commercially distributed dry mouth lozenges and adhering discs on teeth, mainly the dentin which is exposed at the gumline. Each product was crushed into five grams of powder and dissolved in 10 mL of water. Acidity was measured with a calibrated pH meter. Titratable acidity was measured by adding sodium hydroxide until the solution reached neutrality. Erosion of tooth structure was measured by placing human teeth in the solution and measuring loss of mass.
The study found a robust statistical correlation between high acidity and tooth loss. Both remedies that passed the acidity test, XyliMelts and Salese, contain a pH level of 8.0, which is considered non-harmful to teeth. Previous studies reported that pH below 6.7 can be erosive to dentin. One of the products, XyliMelts discs, was recently revealed to reduce symptoms of Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease (GERD), which also causes tooth erosion. XyliMelts are oral adhering discs that contain 550 mg of xylitol for sweetness to stimulate saliva flow, cellulose gum to slow dissolution and lubricate the mouth, a layer of acacia gum to adhere to gingiva or teeth, and a small amount

########
Rank: 26
Score: 46.665905
Retrieved Text: What is the ionized water?
This is one of the most common ionized water FAQ. This water is obtained as a result of ionization process. Ionization makes the water to lose or gain an electron to become either acidic or alkaline. When it is alkaline, it has many hydroxyl ions, and people drink this water, whereas the acidic water has many hydrogen ions and is not suitable for human consumption, but is used outside our bodies and on plants.
What is the ionized water pH level?
The degree of activity of hydrogen ions in water determines the pH value and it is expressed by the factor of acidity or alkalinity of the water. This figure – the pH level, reflects the degree of acidity or alkalinity of the water, not the amount of acid or alkali contained in it.
pH level 6.9 to 0 is acidic. The lower the pH level the more acidic is the medium.
Our body is slightly alkaline in nature, but about 80-90% of the food we eat is acidic and highly acidic, which leads to accumulation of acidic waste in the body. It’s good for health to drink alkaline water, while the vast majority of water and beverages in shops have a significant acidity level.
What is the oxidation-reduction potential (ORP)?
The set of redox reactions is the basis of activity of the human body. The process of giving up electrons from one substance to another is called the oxidation-reduction reaction or ORP.
The substance that gives up its electron oxidizes and acquires a positive charge, and the substance

########
Rank: 27
Score: 46.641373
Retrieved Text: pH can be measured from 0 to 14 with 0 resulting from a very strong acid solution and 14 resulting from a very strong alkaline solution.
Please provide a sample of at least 10g to ensure results representative of sample submitted.
Either pH Direct (unmodified sample) or pH 10% (sample is added to carbon dioxide-free water to form a 10% solution).
Generally, the handling of samples intended for pH measurement take little special effort. If carbonates or bicarbonates are present in a sample, submit the sample in a sealed container with little or no headspace to minimize the possible loss of carbon dioxide which will alter the pH of the sample.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 46.631107
Retrieved Text: The Water Environment Federation’s new Operations Challenge laboratory event will determine alkalinity needs to facilitate nitrification. Operators will evaluate alkalinity and ammonia by analyzing a series of samples similar to those observed in water resource recovery facilities.
This event will give operators an understanding of how alkalinity works in the wastewater treatment process to facilitate nitrification, as well as the analytical expertise to perform the tests onsite. This provides the real-time data needed to perform calculations, since these analyses typically are performed in a laboratory that can present a delay in the data.
The alkalinity of water is a measure of its capacity to neutralize acids. It also refers to the buffering capacity, or the capacity to resist a change in pH. For wastewater operations, alkalinity is measured and reported in terms of equivalent calcium carbonate (CaCO3). Alkalinity is commonly measured to a certain pH. For wastewater, the measurement is total alkalinity, which is measured to a pH of 4.5 SU. Even though pH and alkalinity are related, there are distinct differences between these two parameters and how they can affect your facility operations.
Alkalinity is often used as an indicator of biological activity. In wastewater operations, there are three forms of oxygen available to bacteria: dissolved oxygen (O2), nitrate ions (NO3– ), and sulfate ions (SO42-). Aerobic metabolisms use dissolved oxygen to convert food to energy. Certain classes of aerobic bacteria, called nitrifiers, use ammonia (NH3) for food instead of carbon-based organic compounds. This type of aerobic metabolism, which uses dissolved oxygen to convert ammonia to nitrate, is

########
Rank: 29
Score: 46.537632
Retrieved Text: In the case of soil measurement, the pH value may vary depending on the amount of the soil sampled, the amount of pure water, stirring time, exposure time. Always measure the pH value with a constant amount of the soil and under the same condition. When perform the measurement, exercise the caution regarding the following items.
When perform the measurement, keep the temperature of the supernatant constant.
Securely avoid that the liquid junction of the sensing part and the reference part from being immersed in the soil precipitation part.
In the pH measurement of the soil which includes many salts, measuring the level of potential acidity is better to obtain the value with smaller error. However, the values between the level of the potential acidity are extremely different. Therefore, unify the methods into either of them to compare some samples.
Put 10 g of air-dried fine earth on top of 50 mL beaker, add 25 mL of pure water, stir it 4 times in every 30 minutes, leave it alone for an hour, then perform the measurement after immersed the electrode in the supernatant.
*The pH value measured by the method mentioned above is called the level of active acidity pH (H2O).
On the other hand, the pH value measured from the supernatant after adding the 1 mol/L KCl (75g of KCl/pure water) instead of pure water into the fine earth is called the level of potential acidity (pH (KCl)).

================



======= Instance Index 46 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are more or less ):

The more rope segments on a pully that are helping to do the lifting work, the less force that is needed for the job.


Bob increased the rope segments on his pully; this means he will need to use more or less force on it?

Target Text: less

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 36.089527
Retrieved Text: The nature of an Arborist’s line of work is lined with a high number of risks. Where if anything goes wrong it can lead to damaged equipment and assets, injury, or even fatalities.
When you work at height you want to be assured the rigging lines will be able to take the weights and forces inflicted upon them. Because if a line’s tolerance is exceeded (leading to it failing and snapping), then it can instigate a catastrophic series of events. Beyond the initial accidental damage - further harm can be inflicted upon business reputation.
Every tree and its location is unique, so when one needs maintaining or felling, it needs to be thoroughly assessed before being tackled.
A tree’s location near to property or other types of valuable hard to move assets can throw up extra challenges. It may mean that it cannot be felled as a whole because of the risk of it damaging these structures or assets.
The alternative method is to take it down branch by branch, trunk segment by segment. Our loadcells are ideal to be utilised within this situation in order to maximise safety and providing a higher guarantee of successfully completing the job.
Rugged hard wearing design that can be used in a variety of heavy use applications out in the field.
The safest choice for the working Arborist. Manufactured in partnership with DMM (dmmclimbing.com), the Impact Block has been designed to deliver the best performance in terms of alignment, resistance and appeal. The aesthetic curves of the Impact Block combines beauty, strength and durability to

########
Rank: 1
Score: 33.367382
Retrieved Text: wall pully cult living beam crystal style wall mounted pendant light brass mount pulley for lamps wall mounted pulley machine.
wall pully wall mounted retro pulley model max obj s 3 wooden pulley wall lamp.
wall pully industrial wall pulley pulley wall lamps.
wall pully lamp o pulley light o id lights wall mounted pulley wheel system.
wall pully johnston pulley wall lamp.
wall pully diy wall pulley light.
wall pully pulley wall sconce art pulley wall light industrial pulley wall sconce wall pulley light.
wall pully industry retro pulley wall lamp wooden base wrought iron creative light fixture bedroom restaurant cafe bar vintage wall sconces in wall lamps from lights wall mounted cable pulley system.
wall pully clinic wall pulley system wall pulley system.
wall pully 3 1 2 inch cast thru the wall pulley with industrial pulley wall lights.
wall pully wall mounted bike pulley system.
wall pully wall ceiling mount threaded screw pulley set 2 steampunk light rope cord pulleys pulley wall lights.
wall pully how to use a barn pulley to make a wall mount light fixture this old house pulley wall lights.
wall pully endorphin wall mount pulley weight system provides a total body workout from a standing or seated position pulley wall lamps.
wall pully pulley wall lights uk.
wall pully wheelchair double wall pulley system wall pulley exercises.
wall pully notice typically ships in 1 2 days wall pulley exercise equipment.
wall pully wall mounted pulley station wall mounted pulley weight machine.
wall pully pulley wall ceiling mount steel min pulley wall light uk.
wall pully wall mount pulley wall mounted pendant lighting wall mounted pendant light soul

########
Rank: 2
Score: 31.130144
Retrieved Text: To fish sembilang, hook from number 4, 2,1 fine type can be used. It also fit to all types of fish estuary. Or, bigger size from number 1/0, 2/0 to 4/0 also suitable to be used.
Fish bait cut no giving such effect at the distance throwing those made. However it would contribute balance factor rope movement and wind resistance when throwing.
Importantly is rope size, long fishing rod and technique throwing. Not sure writer, bait fish as large as which those cut two to match with the size hook. Determine hook size could also refer to type of fish fugitive.
Jenahak under 1 kilo or fish tetanda suitable fished using hook number 2 to number 4 or prawn eye strain number 10 to number 13 size common use to fish sands kerisi.
If main line 50 pound, writer recommend use perambut catgut 80 to 120 pound own absorption force good to sudden jerk.
Ordinary Senangin hunting midway food and surface of the water, while red siakap more focused at the bottom bereba.
Over writer prefer to use Apollo's eye number 8 to fish sea fish or mengkerong. Eye apollo number 5 or 6 only need install bait (fish slice or market octopus). This technique very effective and productive without must to labour tie perambut.
Technique use bob also depend to ground state. Policies should coralline and rate got caught high then bait need to be hanged three fathom from the bottom.
If area landed hard or sandy, reserve that ladung and bait on to the bottom.
Rope 17 pound have the strength amount 7

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.226616
Retrieved Text: This is a placeholder page for Margaret Pully, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Margaret Pully.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Margaret Pully. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Margaret Pully. We created this page automatically in hopes Margaret Pully would find it. If you are not Margaret Pully, but are an alumni of Sherwood High School Sandy Spring, MD, register on this site for free now.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.317528
Retrieved Text: There are 19 techniques you should learn before this one. Click here to add this tie as a goal and see them in order.
The common way of running support lines is to create a "pulley" system between the harness and the ring, albeit without any actual pulleys. A pulley works by decreasing the force you have to apply to move an object, in exchange for your pulling the rope father than the object actually moves; this tradeoff is called mechanical advantage, and is commonly written as a ratio; for example 2:1 mechanical advantage means a system where an object is pulled with twice as much force as you apply to the rope, but only moves half as far.
The most frequent configuration for suspension is where you start at the harness, go through the ring, back through the harness again, and then (optionally) through the ring a second time. This produces 3:1 mechanical advantage; the easy way to know what ratio you've got is to just count how many lines go up from the harness. Going through the ring the final time doesn't change the mechanical advantage (still 3 lines going up from the harness either way) -- it just changes the direction of force so that you can pull down instead of up.
In a frictionless universe, 3:1 mechanical advantage would mean that you only need to apply 33 lb of force to lift a 100 lb load. But even actual pulleys produce some friction; passing the rope over a ring or carabiner creates quite a bit

########
Rank: 5
Score: 29.137787
Retrieved Text: Don’t laugh but I’m really feeling very, “how did I live without an iPad” now that I have one. I’ve been coveting the iPad since the first version was announced but have held off, assuming that it’s just a “toy” that isn’t a necessity.
Qwiki – Free. I had seen Qwiki.com before but I’m loving the free app for the iPad. Think of it as a Wikipedia only much more interactive with video and amazing photos. You can query Qwiki for just about anything and it will come back with a video and collage of information. My Qwiki recommends stuff based on my location (my hometown comes up based on my iPad’s location) and today’s top news. (Yesterday there was a big feature on Osama Bin Laden) The kids love it too and Nate (aged 7) is using it to query all sorts of things of interest to him. (“Sharks” and “Pizza” were the first two searches he did.) Note: you don’t need to have an iPad to use Qwiki, you can visit them at Qwiki.com and search on anything you’re looking for information on!
Cut the Rope – Free for Lite Version, $1.99 for Full. I joked yesterday with my Twitter followers that they failed me but not telling me about Cut the Rope. This game is as addicting as Angry Birds and my kids and I can’t get enough of it thus far. You have to guide the candy to your little monster’s mouth by cutting ropes, avoiding spiders and other hazards along the way. We

########
Rank: 6
Score: 29.066805
Retrieved Text: Size is determined by linear density; diameter is given as a minimal value, that is, it may vary slightly. If a speciﬁc diameter value is speciﬁed, linear density and minimum breaking strength values may be different from those given in tables. Size number is given as a reference.
Minimum breaking strength is based on data from a number of manufacturers and represents a value of 2 standard deviations below the mean, as established by regression analysis. The working load of a rope shall be determined by dividing the minimum breaking strength by the design factor. Design factors range from 5 to 12 for non-critical applications.
Because of the wide range of rope use, rope conditions, exposure to the several factors affecting rope behavior, and the degree of risk to life and property involved, it is not realistic to make standard recommendations as to design factors or working loads. However, to provide guidelines, a range of design factors and working loads are provided for rope in good condition with appropriate splices, in non-critical applications and under normal service conditions. Normal service is generally considered to be used under static or very modest dynamic load conditions.
Design factors at the low end of the suggested range should only be selected with expert knowledge of conditions and professional estimate of risk, based on the critical conditions of use below.
Small ropes are used because they can be more severely damaged by cutting, abrasion & sunlight.
Loads are not accurately known.
Operation/use procedures are not well deﬁned and/or controlled.
Abrasion, cutting, dirt are present.
Shock loads or extreme

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.75259
Retrieved Text: When someone asks Blackhawks GM Bob Pulford whether coach Craig Hartsburg's job is in jeopardy if the Hawks miss the playoffs--and fair or not, it'll be asked, believe me--make sure Pulford's also asked exactly how much offensive talent Hartsburg has had to coach.
And ask Pully whether his job is in jeopardy, too.
You know, just for yuks.
The Hawks' missing the playoffs would force major changes if there weren't 18,000 people showing up every game.
Does Kevin O'Neill leave Northwestern sooner, or later, if Lute Olson and Arizona win this thing?
Say this for Rick Pitino: He figured out in a hurry that all these guys leaving college early will kill your offensive execution and maturity, but you can always force kids to work defensively and wave their hands so you get a lot of easy turnover baskets.
Anyone want to make a case that the winningest coach in college basketball is overrated?
Anytime Clem Haskins wants to teach his team to make layups, fine by me.
Not sure what Haskins was thinking with Eric Harris in there, but he now knows you can't beat Kentucky with one guard's hand tied behind his back.
Arizona and North Carolina combined to miss 95 of 140 shots in Saturday's first NCAA semifinal game, but those teams still outscored Cleveland and San Antonio in that abominable NBA game last week.
Suddenly, the Washington Bullets look like they're going to catch Cleveland for the final playoff spot in the East.
And the Bulls could do something about determining their first-round victim when they play both teams this week.
Detroit coach Doug

########
Rank: 8
Score: 28.686995
Retrieved Text: Thread rope through pulleys on two rods, for students to feel how the force changes with different numbers of pulleys in the system.
Before the lesson, make small grooves in the wood where they pulleys will be placed, to fit the metal rings. See photos.
Add a metal ring to each pulley, then slide onto the rod - one double pulley on one side, and a double and single pulley on the other. Fit the ring into the grooves, then duct tape over the ring and groove to hold the ring in place.
Tie one end of the rope to the rod with the one double pulley.
Ask two students to face each other and hold the rods in front of them.
Feed the rope from its tied-off end through the double pulley on the other rod.
Hand the end to a third student to the side of the first rod where the rope started. Ask them to try and pull the students holding the rods together.
It will be hard, or impossible, depending on their relative strengths, as the same force is needed as the force pulling back - the pulley has only changed the direction of the force.
Feed the rope back and forth between the rods, threading it through a pulley each time.
There will now be 5 or 6 rope lengths pulling on one of the rods.
Ask the same student to pull the rods together, and to compare how much force it takes - it should be much easier.
They will need 1/5 or 1/6 of the force than previously, as the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 28.666655
Retrieved Text: A fixed pulley has a fixed axle and is used to redirect the force in a rope (called a belt when it goes in a full circle).
A fixed pulley has a mechanical advantage of 1.
A movable pulley has a free axle, and is used to transform forces - when stationary the total force on the axle balances the total force provided by the tension in the rope (which is constant in magnitude in each segment). As illustrated below, if one end of a rope is attached to a fixed object, pulling on the other end will apply a doubled force to any object attached to the axle.
A movable pulley has a mechanical advantage of 2.
A compound pulley is a system of movable pulleys. The mechanical advantage can be increased by using a block and tackle, where there are several pulleys on each axle. Plutarch reported that Archimedes moved an entire warship, laden with men, using compound pulleys and his own strength.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 28.660954
Retrieved Text: "Coming Through in the Clutch" is the eighth episode in Season 1 of Lab Rats: Elite Force. This episode aired on July 25, 2016 to 0.44 million viewers. It was the 8th episode overall in the series, and the 154th episode overall in the Elite Force Universe. This episode marks the first and only appearance of Clutch, and the last appearance of Bob in the Elite Force Universe.
Oliver’s favorite athlete, Clutch, participates in an Olympian Sendoff Celebration, but chooses Kaz as his spotter. Bob aims to compete in the mini-Olympics.
In the Davenport Tower Penthouse, Oliver comes in excited, telling Bree, Kaz and Chase about the Summer Olympics sendoff in Centium City Park and that his favorite athlete, Clutch, will be there giving a weightlifting demonstration. Chase and Kaz are surprised and tell him to worship either a genius, an actual athlete or themselves. After he runs upstairs to put on a Clutch costume, passing Skylar (who questions if he was flirting with her or threatening her), the others explain his excitement and Bree explains the Olympics to her, though she reveals her planet does something similar. Chase reveals he wants to compete in the Olympics himself, though he can't as his bionics would be unfair. Everyone decides to go to the sendoff, but not before telling Oliver to change out of his Clutch costume.
In the park, everyone observes multiple events as Clutch arrives. Oliver holds up a sign saying he's Clutch's number one fan and he, Kaz and Skylar witness the demonstration as Clutch lifts a

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.44831
Retrieved Text: Posted on November 10, 2018 November 7, 2018 by D.C.
In the previous part, we discussed the subject of “information assurance (IA)” in the physical context.
The digital context is similar, and this time, I will use e-government as an example. Let us use the scenario where a citizen, Bob, wants to access a government web application to modify the dates where Bob needs to report for jury duty.
While the explanations below are not entirely comprehensive, we run through some of the basics behind each of the principles of IA, with some examples that we see in everyday deployments.
A reliable network. Some critical services employ high availability. This means that the network infrastructure contains redundancy, reducing the likelihood of a denial of service should a component go down.
Enough resources for the web and database server(s). The server must be able to take connections reliably without dropping them. Sometimes, these applications undergo load tests. Load tests are a form of performance testing specifically designed to understand how an application might behave when subjected to an enterprise-level of loading. Their tasks can be simulated. For instance, a load test could simulate 1000 users simultaneously checking their records, which means 1000 queries, in a short amount of time, to the database.
Say Bob would like to change the date he would like to perform jury duty. After he fills up a form, and clicks “Send”, how does he feel assured that the form is indeed sent the way he desired? How does he feel assured that no one reads his information? Clearly,

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.129448
Retrieved Text: Welcome to the official website of Taizhou Jiaoxing Transmission Equipment Co., Ltd.!
The bearing on the upper part of the reducer adopts oil immersion or forced lubrication. In order to prevent oil leakage in the extension direction of the lower axle, the combined seal is adopted. In the current selected reducer, no forced lubrication is required, and oil immersion lubrication is adopted. This requires a filling tank on the upper part of the reducer, and the oil level of the filling tank should be higher than the bearing position on the upper part of the reducer to meet the bearing immersion. The need for oil lubrication.
It is worth noting that the axial and radial forces on the output shaft of the reducer are limited because the bearings on the output shaft of the reducer are installed in accordance with the conventional method. When there is a large external force, the structure of reducer should be redesigned to select bearings according to the axial force and radial force provided.
_The overhead passenger's steel rope drive wheel suffers a large torque. When directly connected with the reducer through the coupling, its external force is far greater than the radial force and axial force defined by the standard design and the reducer with reinforced bearings.
_The cost of special design reducer will be greatly increased. In actual production and use, when the equipment manufacturer connects the drive wheel with the reducer, another set of bearing seat is added to bear the radial force of the steel rope drive wheel, so as to

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.95552
Retrieved Text: Difference between revisions of "Alternator Belt"
From underneath the car, loosen the altnernator bracket lower pivot screw (see picture) best if you use a 9/16" box wrench.
Loosen, if equipped, the idler pulley attaching bolt with your 9/16" box wrench (not pictured -- on the back side in-line with the idler). You may need to put a 9/16" socket wrench on the idler attaching nut to loosen.
three turns are nessary to loosen with socket, center pully! [Important if bracket does not move, look here first, most non-understood problem.
Loosen the upper alternator bracket adjusting bolt from above with your 9/16" box wrench.
Adjust alternator using a suitable pry bar. Insert pry bar through hole on bottom of bracket.
Some alternator brackets, use a 1/2 inch breaker bar or 12.3mm bar, instead of pry bar.
When adjusted to desired tension tighten the bottom pivot bolt and then idler pully attaching bolt -- you will also need to use your 9/16" socket wrench to hold the idler pulley attaching nut to fully tigthen this bolt.
This topic is for cars with Air Conditioning.
To change this belt you will need to first remove the belt which goes to the A/C compressor. You will need a 5/8 socket wrench or 5/8" box wrench and a 1/2" breaker bar to adjust the belt when you replace it.
Tools needed: 9/16" box wrench, 9/16" socket wrench and a pry bar that will fit in the bottom adjusting slot. A 9/16" rachet wrench will work on some of the fasteners but not all given clearance issues.
Loosen, if equipped, the idler pulley

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.945337
Retrieved Text: Bob Matthews celebrates with his guide Paul Harwood after winning the 10,000m in Sydney.
Tim Redman still holds many Leamington C&AC records, including running 4:00.6 for 1500m as a 15-year-old in 1976. Here he talks about what he learnt as guide runner for Paralympian and former clubmate Bob Matthews MBE who died recently aged 56.
Dave Moorcroft, the Coventry Godiva Harriers athlete who set the world 5,000m record in 1981 was coached by John Anderson, who also helped many of the UK’s leading blind and partially sighted athletes during the 1980s.
John went onto be famous, years later, as the referee in Gladiators with his catchphrase ‘Gladiators Ready!’ but it was back in his coaching days that one athlete stood out from the rest, and he was Bob Matthews.
Tim Redman in action for Leamington C&AC.
Bob was a talented athlete with the capacity for hard work and a good racing brain, so those abilities enabled him to win some big championship races, and run fast times. But it was much more than Bob’s athletic abilities that really impressed me as his friend and guide runner.
When I started running with Bob, it quickly became apparent to me what a talented man he was and how he’d learned to embrace his blindness in a positive, inspiring and sometimes, amusing way.
Obviously, the most important thing for the guide runner is to be able to run as fast as the athlete and never cross the finish line ahead of them, whatever happens. But I made that fundamental mistake in one of our early races

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.938116
Retrieved Text: LESSON: Oh boy. Everyone in this submission is in the wrong. Obviously, the belayer should be doing his job and shouldn&apos;t be on the phone. But the climber isn&apos;t blameless, either. Partner checks are an essential part of safe climbing. You should always check that your belayer&apos;s harness is on properly, that his carabiner is locked, and that his belay device is set up correctly before you head up the wall. Your belayer should check that your harness is on properly, that the rope is running through both of your tie in loops, and that your knot is tied correctly. That&apos;s all for your own good. You can&apos;t ensure that you&apos;re on belay if you start climbing before the belayer is ready. This would be bad starting from the ground, but it&apos;s inexcusable on a multi-pitch. The momentum of a fall could easily send you over the ledge pictured and to the ground. That&apos;s also why it wouldn&apos;t hurt to anchor the belayer, but that only helps if you&apos;re on belay.
LESSON: Let&apos;s leave the bed sheet ropes to people escaping from prisons, shall we? This is so unsafe that my blanket advice is to go climb with someone that knows what they&apos;re doing. But just for fun, here&apos;s why this is scenario is so bad. First, a chain of bed sheets is obviously not rated to catch falls, but supposing it didn&apos;t tear into pieces at the first sign of a load, you&apos;re still not out of the woods. Climbing ropes stretch to absorb impact in

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.755201
Retrieved Text: The fire service is constantly evolving, and the rope rescue arena is not exception. At most departments, the training provided is based on the department's desired skill level for its members.
• Skill atrophy: If you do not embrace ongoing education in rope rescue (or any response area that you deal with), your skills will drop off to a point where you can become ineffective when working an incident with other responders.
• Conflicting training levels: Not staying current with training can create a situation where members of the same department have been training in different methods, leading to division among the ranks.
With this in mind, let’s take a look at some segments in the rope rescue arena to see how old school and new technologies can work together.
When I first began my training for rope operations, it was pounded into our heads that a knot is not a “proper” knot without a safety on it. This concept still holds true for some of the knots we use, including the Bowline and Square Knot. However, knots like the family of 8s really do not require a safety. When they are tied properly, the knot is very sound and actually locks down on itself.
So why did the rope rescue community decide “all” rope end knots needed to have safeties? One answer jumped to the top of the list the most often: “If the responder puts a safety on everything, he or she will not forget when there should be one in place.” Fortunately, user responsibility prevailed, and the safety

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.746183
Retrieved Text: Cascando | New designs by Robert Bronwasser for Cascando.
During the Orgatec, Cascando is launching the Plus coat stand and the Pully bar stool and bar table designed by the celebrated Dutch designer Robert Bronwasser. We interviewed him to learn more about the ideas behind these beautiful new products.
“In offices, public spaces and at home you always need a coat rack. Often the cloth and quantity of coats or jackets you like to store differ while space is limited. I wanted to design an unpretentious coat rack that minimizes the use of space, but I also wanted to make sure the rack was suited for storing many different coats. Plus offers both. It is a coat stand that allows you to use both hooks and hangers. With a soft square silhouette and friendly lining that together create a peaceful presence.
Design-wise, Plus is simple and minimalistic. The ground area is relatively small. A horizontal carrier at eye height is the fundament for attaching hooks and hangers. The plus hangers are just as minimalistic and functional as the coat rack itself. With an extra loop for shawls.
What does the Plus stand for?
The new Pully barstool and table designs by Robert Bronwasser originate from the idea that organisations increasingly seek to arrange informal meeting areas for short-term consultations (bilateral discussions, sparring).
“The story behind Pully? With Pully I want to design furniture for short consultations, whether you like to sit or stand. After the successful introduction of the Pully pouf, the design of a Pully barstool to me felt like a

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.70939
Retrieved Text: It's probably closer to a house in the trees, than a treehouse.
We set this up in Conroe on Saturday and it took us almost 4 hours to complete the assembly.
The house is 6' wide by 8' deep, and has a wrap around porch all on a 6' tower. Bunk beds are inside with trap door access through the floor and a hidden compartment in the floor as well. The tall post out in front is set up to attach a pully with rope and a basket or bucket.
It was nice to see a turkey around Thanksgiving. It kind of gets you in the holiday spirit.
We set this up in Bastrop. It's an 8x8 chicken coop. You can see it way in the background.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.698475
Retrieved Text: 1. Only use half ropes (7.5mm – 9mm) unless you’re confident you won’t take pissers! Skinny ropes have many advantages for winter climbing, most importantly of all their low impact force. Having two ropes at hand (rather than carrying a rap line), allows fast retreats, safeguarded down climbs (one rope clipped to a high runner, while the other is taken in), and provides a back up if one rope becomes damaged or even chopped (eeek!). The low impact force will greatly increase your marginal protection’s chances of holding…and that includes belays!
Never be tempted to clip both strands of a double rope system (8mm-9mm) into a screw’s extender (well unless you’re German), as this technique is only for dedicated twin ropes (twins are best for routes where there is little chance of falling), as this will probably apply a greater load then clipping with a chunky single rope.
2.Remember that the more rope you have out the less impact force on the screw, meaning using long screws with screamers low down on a pitch, a shorter screws higher up. It’s vital that you understand impact forces, falls factors and what they mean to you the leader before going winter climbing. If you have a mixed bag of screws, with some being faster to place than others, try and save your best screws for the steepest parts of the pitch.
3. Use screamer/ripper slings, they DO make a difference, both actual and psychological. Last year Paul Ramsden took a huge fall while in Norway while climbing over a huge over

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.64744
Retrieved Text: A great cliff between the 'new' Gym and Cactus Cliff. Offering some very good routes, mostly sport routes with some gear routes mixed in between. Mostly always in the sun during the day, which makes for enjoyable pocket pulling. Classics on the cliff include, The Hurricane, Cornerstone and (IMHO) Tractatus.
From the new parking area by The Bank Camground, follow the road NW towards The Bank for ~100yds. Pickup the trail on the right side of the road that descends into the canyon. Follow this trail for ~5 minutes, crossing the canyon bottom, and passing below the 2150 Wall, to a terminus at the road that heads up above Cactus Cliff (this road was the former approach to Cactus). Turn left and follow the road uphill towards Cactus. Continue along the road as it banks hard right, passing the new toilet. Where the trail banks left, continue west, passing signage, along a well maintained trail that traverses Cactus Cliff. Follow the trail around the SE buttress of Cactus. Once you cross a prominent drainage you will arrive at Spiney Ridge.
Details: Routes right of Purple Toenails get sun by mid morning. The rest can hold til late morning. The popular testpiece the Hurricane keeps shade til noon and has the only shady belay tree at the crag.
Spiney Ridge from the Banks Campground.
Spiney Ridge at moonrise, April, 2011.
Looking down from the anchor on 20th Century Man.
Was climbing at Shelf Road on the weekend. A climber led Pully Mammoth and set it up on top rope for his girlfriend. She

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.610416
Retrieved Text: While researching another area that was said to have been in the town of Ware, MA during the early 50's, I received information about Riggity Alps on Morse Avenue. It was on property owned by the Anair family. Being a teacher in the town, I knew quite a few people and soon was in contact with Francis Anair, who put me in touch with his cousin Richard Boos (pronounced "bows"). Richard's father, Donald Boos Sr., actually built and ran the tow with his wife Evelyn. Richard was rather young when the area operated, but agreed to meet with me and show me where the area had been. He also said he would talk to his brother and his father Donald Boos, who is currently living in Florida to get more details for me.
I met with Richard one spring afternoon and he showed me around the former ski area. A report of this visit can be found at: Lost Ski Area Discovery: Riggidy Alps :: Snow Journal :: 2002 Summer Edition : : Online magazine for serious snowsports addicts. After the visit, Richard told me he would see if he could find out more information from his dad who would be visiting in a few weeks. He later contacted me to meet him to get the information his dad had written up for me.
Donald Boos Sr. had the following information to share.
I was in the Navy and was discharged back in 1946. The winter of 1946-47 I put on a pair of hip boots and walked over

########
Rank: 22
Score: 27.558926
Retrieved Text: through Yokota Air Base, Japan to Travis Air Force Base near Sacramento, CA.
A YouTube video on the life of Bob Hope, America's favorite comedian.
This was prepared as an "official US Air Force Film."
The "last" is in quotes because he also went to Vietnam in 1971, 1972 and 1973.
This link goes to a rather large collection of photos and video segments related to Bob Hope's tour(s) in Vietnam.
I am not sure if it limited to just his 1970 tour or not.
This link goes to a number of still photos from Bob Hope's Christmas Day, 1970, show at Long Binh.
The first photo shows AFVN hard at work.
As I recall, General Weyand was at the show. Redd Foxx and Lola Falana were featured performers..
Bob Nelson also commented that he was there at the time.
Group Discussion about what was really his last show at MACV in 1972.
Bob Hope on NBC January 17th, 1973.
A synopsis of his 1973 Christmas shows from Vietnam, Thailand, Spain, Cuba, Hawaii, Wake Island, and Okinawa.
Retired MSG Ray Bows has written a number of books related to the Vietnam War.
The above link goes to a number of his books.
His latest book, titled "In Honor and Memory" is available at the following link. Click Here.
The term appears to go back to the Philippines in 1900 or so.
Saigon and tried to hide their connections with the Government of South Vietnam.
Beer - Those Were the Days!
The price of beer in Vietnam when we were there is almost unbeliveable today.
This may give you some idea of how bad this may be

########
Rank: 23
Score: 27.35304
Retrieved Text: The Kalani High School Engineering Class was given an assignment to publicly display knowledge of science, technology, engineering and math. To complete this project, the group of twenty-six students constructed a Geiger Cable Dome, a.k.a. the Tension Dome, in the campus. Using knowledge gained from a The Great Courses lecture about structure (conducted by Stephen Ressler, M.D), the students were able to finish the 20' diameter dome in twenty-four hours of brainstorming, designing and construction. The class was challenged to use wood and sisal rope instead of concrete and steel cabling in real world examples. The design would have to be easily deconstructed, too, so screws or nails would have to be used instead of wood adhesive.
Step 1: What Is a Tension Dome?
A tension dome is a structural system that uses the tensile strength of materials rather than the compression qualities of usual domes. The Tension-Dome is consisted of five main components: compression ring, centerpiece, cables, stents, and hoop cables.
A great real world example of a Geiger Cable/Tension Dome is the Seoul Olympic Gymnastics Dome in Korea (seen in picture above). This dome is able to cover 13,000 spectators in the 1988 Seoul Summer Olympics. Besides the difference in size and the covered roof of the stadium, the principles of this 390 foot diameter dome are exactly the same as our own 20 foot diameter.
1. Obtain sixteen 10' segments of 2x4.
2. On each segments, cut 22.5º on the width of the wood at both ends to create a trapezoid.
1. Obtain sixteen 2' segments of 2x4.
2. On

########
Rank: 24
Score: 27.216103
Retrieved Text: Get Going! Godzilland (すすめ！ゴジランド, Susume! Gojirando) is a series of four educational OVAs released to VHS in 1994 and 1996 by Gakken. They use Godzilla and other kaiju to teach children about the hiragana alphabet, counting, addition, and subtraction. Though the series is unavailable in English officially, Wakalan Translations uploaded fansubs for all four OVAs from 2016 to 2019.
Get Going! Godzilland is loosely based on the animated segments from Adventure! Godzilland, and focuses on a young Godzilla and his friends living together on Godzilland as they learn about various subjects. The first two OVAs were released in 1994, and focused on the hiragana alphabet and counting. The next two were released in 1996 and focused on addition and subtraction. The second pair of OVAs are notable for introducing more monsters as well as featuring live-action segments with Godzilla and his human sister, where he tells her about his childhood, shown through the animated segments.
In the show, Godzilla and the other monsters are portrayed as young children that live together as friends. They live on the island with Mothra, the only adult in the show, who acts a maternal figure to the other monsters while raising her two twin larvae. Godzilla frequently gets into arguments with his best friend Anguirus, which often drive the plot of the episodes. Mechagodzilla is portrayed as being very lonely and desperate to make friends. Because of this, Mechagodzilla tries to kidnap Godzilla's friends and force them to be his new friends, forcing Godzilla and the others to save them. Despite being

########
Rank: 25
Score: 27.09017
Retrieved Text: Let us say that you want to send to your friend an encrypted message saying "Hi". You decide to use the following encryption method, or encryption key: shift each letter by one place in the alphabet. The "Hi" is encrypted to "Ij". You meet your friend in private taking all precautions for eavesdropping, and you tell him that this is the key. You can then go ahead and send encrypted messages to each other. Cryptologists came up 30 years ago with the following method: they used an algorithm (key 1) to encrypt a word and strangely enough the word could not be decrypted by the same algorithm but with another one (let us say key 2). This means that you are free to send key 1 in a standard email message to your friend. Key 1 would be a public key. You just keep key 2 to yourself. In the previous case you cannot say over the internet that you need to shift each letter by one place. This makes it a private key, a key that has to be kept private. Also, in this case you use the same measure, same calculus, same math (metrics) to encrypt and to decrypt, therefore this is symmetric. In the other case you have two different algorithms, and therefore not the same measure (deprivative “a” in asymmetric).
"To create a photon, quantum cryptographers use LEDs -- light emitting diodes, a source of unpolarized light.
Through the use of polarization filters, we can force the photon to take one state or another

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.97251
Retrieved Text: The Goblin fall-arrester represents a monumental step forward in safety for workers who rely on fall arrest systems for work at heights. To be used on semi-static ropes ranging from 10 to 11 mm. The innovative cam also creates perfectly smooth action on the rope whether it is being used to ascend or descend the line. Performance can be further increased by using the new patented Rope Surfer device. Wear and tear on the rope is reduced to the minimum thanks to the specially designed locking mechanism that lowers the fall arrest force (the force transferred to the body in the event of a fall) by half compared to other devices and locks the rope along a long axis, rather than pinching it aggressively with a toothed cam.
Looked at every device around. Basically two types, teeth & no teeth. Read all the reviews and blogs, +'s & -'s. Nothing really out there on the Goblin except for the CAMP literature. I odered one. Came in a couple of days from Omniprogear which was great. Using the Petzl self-belay article as a guideline, two rope method. Goblin on one rope and the new Rescucender on the other. Goblin being the primary. Works great on an old 9.8 Petzyl rope I am using. The rope actually measures 10 but whatever. Rope does need a little weight on it when you start but it runs up and down nicely otherwise. If I let go, it stops me in less than a foot of rope slide or so. Rope stretch

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.790459
Retrieved Text: Friiiiday, Friiiiiday, gotta Link Dump on Friday! Your favourite weekly dietary supplement of unicorns, aliens, and snakes returns with a quartet of games to keep you busy just long enough for the weekend to inch ever closer to your grasp!
Hyper Pixel Man - If you're one of those people who can't sit still for long, you might appreciate the zippy, dead-in-a-flash challenge of Pixelulsar's platform game that uses simple, retro graphics to craft some maddeningly difficult levels. If you can put up with the over-eager movement, it offers a satisfying, if perhaps not all that unique, bit of spike-filled action.
Yepi Forever - Remember when Yepi just wanted to rescue his girlfriend? Remember how cute and adorable that was? Well, FUHGEDDABOUDIT, because Begamer's newest point-and-click puzzle adventure game featuring the little yellow dude has him responding to a distress call on a mysterious red planet, and the tone is decidedly gloomier. Some unintuitive gameplay and painfully slow movement mar this one, but it still provides a solid, coffee-break sized bite of puzzle-y gaming to fill up your day.
But do you want to listen to Erasure?
I got some trouble with the Room of 1000 Snakes game. When I load it all I get is a grey screen.
Cheers Jayisgames!! Way to return link dump Friday to it's former glory. I hope u never drop this format again!!!!
It's one of the strangest "games" I've ever played.
Click the bamboo pole to move it.
Notice that you can lift it up but it won't stay up.
Clicking each will change the symbols. Apparently you

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.768356
Retrieved Text: Tammy felt his strong hands grasp her ankles as he threaded the rope into the link on the ankle cuffs. He pulled the rope, tugging them together. Tammy knew what she had to do and pushed her knees as far apart as she could as she felt the tension on the rope as he pulled on her ankles.
'Wrists on your back pet.' Tammy heard his voice and obeyed immediately. She stretched her arms back as far as she could and felt the tension as he slid another piece of rope through the link on each of the cuffs, fastening her wrists together..
The tension increased in both her hands and her legs as he tied both pieces of the rope together, pulling them towards each other, hog tying her.
Totally helpless, unable to see and unable to talk, Tammy was in heaven. She loved deprivation play, when she wasn't able to see, and sometimes not even hear if he made her use a set of headphones. Being unable to talk also increased the helpless feeling, but she knew him well enough and trusted him totally, so there was no fear in her because she couldn't communicate verbally. They had other ways to communicate while she was gagged, and she knew he would be watching her hands closely. All she would have to do is start opening and closing her hands into a fist for him to stop what he was doing immediately. Her trust with him had developed over the months they had been meeting up, and both

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.733202
Retrieved Text: Arthur Woodley - shipwright, boat builder, seaman, ships carpenter, fisherman, precision woodworker, model builder, author, and marine historian.
Arthur Woodley was mentor to many professional and amateur trades and crafts people. He published several books on maritime history and the history of his home town - Crib point. His models and other work can be seen in many of Victoria's maritime museums and he was closely associated with the rescue and restoration of the historic ship "Polly Woodside". Amongst other work, he undertook the restoration of the ship's magnificent timber skylight.
Below are photos of Arthur's last major project - a model stationary steam engine built of wood. The model was built in response to a challenge issued by one of his mates who is an equally skilled fitter and turner. His passion was steam and he said it couldn't be done. Arthur accepted the challenge and the proof of his remarkable arsenel of trade skills is below.
I interviewed Arthur about his life and times shortly before he passed away in May 2009. His message was simple, seek knowledge, learn from your peers and have a go.
The engine is powered by vacuum pump salvaged from an old cleaner. Fastenings, fittings, the exhaust valve cover and the piston rings are the only "foregin" materials used.
The crank pully was machined from a laminated segmented block then drilled for balance.
Its profile (three laminations) can be seen on the right. These pulleys were constructed this way to eliminate warping. The valve regulates the engine's speed.
The sliding exhaust valve is behind the cover

================



======= Instance Index 47 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are more or less ):

The voice becomes deeper as the larynx in the throat grows larger.


If your larynx were to grow, your voice would become more or less deep?

Target Text: more

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 34.81207
Retrieved Text: Hello all, I've been practicing KT's volumes, and all seem to be focused on expansion toward higher octaves. I'd also like to hit lower octaves, like my idol, Axl Rose, who has gotten as low as F1. I'm worried that this is impossible, however, and is truly limited to natural gifts. Is this so, and if not, what exercises can I do to deepen my voice as well?
The lowest register vocal I know of by Axel would be "Patience". That's probably where I would start, but as far as exercising, you can use the piano only scales to sing in any octave of your choice.
Lowering your lowest notes is not that unlike stretching your highs. I would use a descending scale to see where your lowest phonated note lies, and write that down.
From there, it is a matter of hydrating and relaxing the vocal cords in order to allow them to access lower and lower notes. Each time you hit a lower one (and continue to hit it) there is a muscle memory that will eventually kick in.
There is no secret sauce or fast track to developing your range (in either direction)... just focused work and consistency.
You can deepen the tone of your voice if you lower your larynx.
If you want to know how to lower your larynx, do a YouTube search on Yogi Bear. Then imitate the sound of Yogi's voice. That is the sound of a low larynx. You may want to lower your larynx a little bit when trying to sing lower songs

########
Rank: 1
Score: 31.813581
Retrieved Text: Despite using our voice constantly, and often in unusual and athletic ways, we take it for granted. Here are some tips for looking after the two small vocal folds (‘vocal cords’) housed inside your larynx (voicebox).
The best thing you can do for your voice is drink water.
The act of sipping regularly will reset the larynx, especially good if some tension has crept in; this is because the larynx lifts then falls each time we swallow.
More importantly, drinking and sipping water frequently not only hydrates your whole body but also hydrates the mucous membrane which covers the whole of our vocal tract – mouth, throat, nasal passages and even the two vocal folds, helping to keep them cushioned as they move against each other to produce your voice.
If this mucous membrane is hydrated then the lubrication it provides will be balanced; if you feel phlegmy, try to avoid clearing your throat and take a sip of water instead.
If you were going for a run you would warm up your muscles, the same applies to the muscles of voice and speech, especially if you about to be more gymnastic with them eg. before acting, singing or presenting. You can arrange a visit for a vocal ‘MOT’!
There are definite benefits of steam inhalations for the voice. The evaporating steam lubricates the mucous membrane which covers the whole of the vocal tract and the vocal cords. It relaxes the pharynx (back of throat) and larynx (voicebox), and gives you the sensation of the openness of your vocal tract.
Contraindications – avoid

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.545616
Retrieved Text: Help me to find my voice!!
November 2013 in VOCAL DEMONSTRATIONS for the Bold!
Hi guys, today I fulfill almost 5 months of studying KTVA. I was not sure to uploading this track because I recognize that I still have much to learn, but I'm confused about my voice and that's why I decided to share my voice with you.
Honestly, I can´t find a genre or style that fit with my voice. I feel it is a very thin voice, without presence and strength, and with a very strange tone. When I study the method; I feel my voice with power, even when I recorded this track, I felt I was singing with intention, but now that I listen the track again, I hear my voice so weak, as if I was just talking and singing some notes.
I wonder if you can give me any advice? I know there are tuning problems and many others, but I wonder how could I improve my tone and give more intention and feeling to my voice, how can I find my style?
This track have my voice with the backing track, and then just my voice. This is a Spanish pop song, I will add the lyrics of the chorus.
This really isn't all that bad at all.
I do have some suggestions for you, that I think will help you to improve.
Thanks for posting this demo. You did a good job of getting the voice at the right level, over the music. And having the voice without music afterwards is also helpful.
The only

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.305138
Retrieved Text: Vocal cord surgery, or Thyroplasty, is offered by the New York Voice Center. Dr. Pincus, who learned Thyroplasty surgery from its originator, Dr. Ishiiki, currently is offering surgery to help lower vocal pitch.
Many men and women have voices that they feel are too high and have not responded to therapy. Generally as we age through puberty, the voice box (larynx) changes its shape, so that the vocal cords become less taught (think of a violin string) and the pitch becomes lower. If that fails to occur, one can have a higher voice than he or she would like, which can cause problems in work and social interactions.
Thyroplasty (vocal cord surgery)for lowering of vocal pitch is an out patient surgical procedure. It involves removing a strip of cartilage from the larynx (voice box). This then allows the vocal cords to become less taught, therefore lowering the pitch.
The following attached audio recording is that of a young man who found that his voice was a problem for him in his job in sales.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 30.068865
Retrieved Text: In most of the cases I have encountered, the irradiation intensity of the ultrasonic treatment previously used did not fit the individual’s muscle needs. Such as being too strong. When the degree is not accurate, I believe ‘flexion reflex’ of the muscles relating to the vocalization occurred, causing those issues.
‘Flexion reflex’ is triggered by stretching and massaging the larynx intensely, and must be taken into consideration during massage and ultrasonic treatments. The flexion reflex is a sudden automatic withdrawal movement occurring in response to a stimuli, and effected by the contraction of the flexor muscles of all the joints on the same side.
The muscles relating to vocalization are really small. If those muscles take too much of a powerful force suddenly, they tend to shrink reflexively.
Our experienced clinic uses special ultrasonic methods for treating the throat. These treatments are for available for vocalists looking to improve their voice or individuals who wish to target an area of a pre-existing condition or issue of the throat. The results sought as well as what we have seen are positive, showing increased flexibility of the muscles (impacting vocal range and muscle strength) and improved blood circulation.
The process of massaging the larynx is very detailed and precise! This is because you have to stretch each muscle fiber one by one gently and carefully. A process, both myself and colleagues at my Tokyo based Voice Care Clinic take pride in.
Of course, to have successful results from such treatments the Clinic and Professionals must have the vast knowledge of the neck and

########
Rank: 5
Score: 29.9435
Retrieved Text: If most singers were honest, they’d readily admit that they try to mimic the sound of the artists who did the song before them. While this can be an effective method of exploring your voice, it usually ends in us trying to manipulate things around to create a sound that isn’t our own. Being a good singer isn’t about creating a cool sound by whatever means necessary, it’s about relaxing enough that you can produce a great sound as effortlessly as possible. Put simply, if you feel tension in the voice when you’re singing, be it in the throat, neck, tongue, or anywhere else, you’re getting in the way of producing your best possible sound. Put even more simply, singing be as relaxed as speaking.
There are two main causes of tension in the voice. One of the causes of tension in the singing voice stems from allowing the larynx to move upward or downward while singing. This throws off the whole vocal mechanism and results in the closing off of your sound passage, resulting in a thin, pushed tone. The second major cause of tension in the voice is the tongue. Many people don’t realize it, but the higher they sing the more they press their tongue, be it downward or backward. This only gets in the way of good vocal production as it closes off air passages and creates tension that ends up spreading throughout the whole vocal system. Let’s look at these a little bit more closely.
What can we do to prevent unneeded movement

########
Rank: 6
Score: 29.341959
Retrieved Text: Oncocytoma is an extremely rare and benign tumor in cats. This type of tumor involves atypical cells found in the endocrine glands and epithelium (the tissue lining the cavities of the body). Endocrine glands are responsible for secreting hormones directly into the blood and lymph nodes.
As a benign tumor, an oncocytoma does not metastasize, and also tends to be minimally invasive. Concern arises according the location of the tumor, as its presence may restrict movement, blood passages, or airways. Though this is rare in cats, when it does occur, the tumor is commonly found in the area of the larynx. However, the tumor is also commonly found around the kidney, and can occur wherever there are endocrine glands and epithelium.
Symptoms depend on the location of the tumor mass. In some patients difficult breathing and change in voice may be seen.
The cause for this disease is unknown.
You will need to give a detailed medical history to your veterinarian, including background symptoms, time of onset, and the frequency of the symptoms. One of the main indications is a change in your cat's tone of voice. Your veterinarian will perform a detailed examination of your cat's larynx – the area of the voice box. Standard laboratory tests will include a complete blood count, biochemistry profile, and urinalysis. The results of these tests are usually normal unless a concurrent disease is present.
If it is indicated, your veterinarian will also take x-rays of larynx and lungs to see if there is any metastasis, which would indicate a different type of tumor.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.94965
Retrieved Text: Laryngitis is swelling and irritation of the larynx (voice box). It causes hoarseness and, in some cases, voice loss. It can be acute (short-lived) or chronic (long-lasting), but is usually the result of a temporary viral infection or vocal strain and clears up quickly. Persistent laryngitis that lasts longer than two weeks could be the sign of a serious condition, and should be evaluated by a doctor.
Your vocal cords, located inside the larynx, work by opening and closing, forming sounds when they vibrate. But when they become inflamed sounds are distorted, making your voice sound hoarse and – in some cases – indiscernible. This can be caused by a number of factors including colds and viral infections, allergies, misuse of the voice, bacterial infections, acid reflux, sinus infections, vocal cord lesions, and smoking. In addition to hoarseness, you may experience a dry or sore throat, coughing, and difficulty swallowing.
Treatment for laryngitis depends on what is causing your symptoms. To find this out, your doctor will give you a physical examination and will carefully inspect your nose, mouth, and throat. Diagnostic testing to check for allergies or lesions may be ordered.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 28.929342
Retrieved Text: www.voiceproblem.org An excellent resource on voice problems. Clearly describes symptoms, treatments and areas of research. Highly recommended.
www.britishvoiceassociation.org.uk The United Kingdom’s voice association which brings together voice professional and works for healthy voice use. Highly recommended.
Voice Care Network UK They offer voice workshops for teachers and other occupational voice users.
www.rcslt.org Royal College of Speech and Language Therapists (RCSLT) website.
www.voicedoctor.net The website of laryngologist Dr James Thomas. It is quite complicated but has some useful stuff. His views on the overstatement of reflux as a source of larynx problems are interesting.
www.dysphonia.org US organisation which provides support to SD patients through formal support groups, on-line activities and periodic newsletters. NSDA is dedicated to research, awareness and support.
www.laryngectomy.org.uk National Association of Laryngectomee Clubs – contact this organisation for details of laryngectomee clubs in your area.
www.webwhispers.org An international organisation supporting people who have had larynectomies (removal of larynx due to cancer). There is a very good and well used email list and forum section where patients can contact one another with their issues.
www.laryngectomylife.org UK laryngectomy site including a forum where British laryngectomees can contact one another with their issues.
www.larynxlink.com The website for the International Association of Larynectomees’ site.
www.goodvibrationsclub.org.uk Laryngectomy club for East Lancashire.
www.macmillan.org.uk Europe's leading cancer information service, with over 4,500 pages of up-to-date cancer information, practical advice and support for cancer patients, their families and carers. Visit the www.whatnow.org.uk website where you can contact other people with cancer including cancer of the throat and larynx.
www.rrpwebsite.org US based organisation for this disease. RRP results in tumour-like lesions to grow on the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 28.732851
Retrieved Text: People develop voice problems for many reasons. Doctors who specialize in ear, nose and throat disorders and speech-language pathologists are involved in diagnosing and treating voice disorders.
Treatment depends on what’s causing your voice disorder, but may include voice therapy, medication, injections or surgery.
Mirror. Similar to a dental mirror, a long, rigid instrument with an angled mirror is inserted into your mouth.
Flexible laryngoscope. A flexible tube containing a light and camera is inserted through your nose.
Rigid laryngoscope. A rigid viewing tube is inserted through your mouth.
Videostroboscope. A camera is combined with a flashing light to provide a slow-motion view of your vocal cords as they move.
Sound (acoustic) analysis. Using computer analysis, your doctor can measure irregularities in the sound produced by the vocal cords.
Laryngeal electromyography. Small needles are inserted through the skin to measure the electric currents in your voice box muscles.
Rest, liquids and voice therapy. Like any other part of the body, the vocal cords need regular rest and fluids. Speech pathology specialists can teach you how to use your voice more efficiently through voice therapy, how to properly clear your throat and how much liquid to drink.
Allergy treatments. If an allergy is creating too much mucus in your throat, your doctor or an allergy specialist can identify the allergy’s cause and provide treatment.
Smoking cessation. If your voice problem is the result of smoking, quitting smoking can help improve your voice along with many other areas of your health, such as boosting your heart health and lowering your cancer risk.
Medications. Several medications are available for treating

########
Rank: 10
Score: 28.59019
Retrieved Text: Yesterday, your son sounded like he's always sounded - like a boy. But today, you heard that first crack in his voice. It's the larynx (or voice box) that's causing all that noise.
At puberty, guys' bodies begin producing a lot of the hormone testosterone, which causes changes in several parts of the body, including the voice.
Both boys and girls experience voice changes as they grow older, but it's the boys that will notice the biggest difference. Find out more in this article for kids.
Where's your Adam's apple? Do you even have one? Find out in this article for kids.
When you're a teen, your body changes. This part of growing up. It's called puberty. Here's what to expect.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.501596
Retrieved Text: The larynx is the voice box that allows us to talk, shout, whisper, and sing. The larynx is composed of a skeleton of cartilage that houses the vocal cords are covered by a layer of mucus. The muscles within the larynx adjust the position, shape, and the tension of the vocal cords, allowing us to make different sounds of whispering to sing. Any change in the flow of air (which is generated by the lungs exhaling air) through the vocal cords affect the voice and sound quality.
But when you decide to say something, these cords come together. Now the air from the lungs has to pass through a smaller space.
This makes your vocal cords vibrate. The sound of these vibrations increases the throat and out your mouth as “Chocolate is the best flavor!” (Or whatever your favorite flavor of ice cream happens to be).
When you have laryngitis, the larynx (voice box) and the surrounding area becomes inflamed, irritated and swollen. Inflammation of the vocal cords causes the sound made to be distorted, so that your voice sounds hoarse. You may find that you cannot talk in a whisper, or even lose your voice completely for a few days.
Laryngitis rarely causes serious problems in adults. It is usually caused by a cold virus or other and disappears by itself. But it can cause complications in children – in particular the croup, an inflammation of the throat that narrows the airways and causes a “barking” cough. Chronic hoarseness may also be a sign of something more serious.
If you

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.161894
Retrieved Text: Laryngeal cancer is a disease in which abnormal or malignant tissues grow in the larynx (voice box). The larynx is a tube-shaped organ in the neck, connecting the pharynx (throat) to the trachea (wind pipe). This organ fulfills some very important functions. It produces sound for speaking, channels oxygen into the windpipe, and plays a role in preventing food and drink from entering the respiratory system.
When laryngeal cancer occurs, it typically starts in the vocal cords within the larynx. Left untreated, the cancer can become large enough to affect the movement of the vocal cords, and may metastasize (spread) to the lymph nodes and other organs in the body. Laryngeal cancer can be devastating, and have significant effects on voice, swallowing and quality of life.
According to the American Cancer Society, over 12,000 new cases of laryngeal cancer are diagnosed each year in the United States. The incidence is increasing at a time when many other types of cancer are decreasing. Still, it is fundamentally a preventable disease, as the risk factors are in big part associated with modifiable behaviors.
Tobacco use is the major predisposing factor for laryngeal cancer. Cigarette, cigar and pipe smoke, along with “smokeless tobacco” like snuff and chewing tobacco, all contain benzopyrene and other hydrocarbons which are carcinogenic. Studies show that tobacco-users are 5 to 35 times more likely to develop laryngeal cancers than non-smokers. The risk is even higher for smokers who drink alcohol heavily, as the alcohol promotes the cancer-causing process.
Having certain viral infections such as the human papilloma virus (HPV),

########
Rank: 13
Score: 28.092062
Retrieved Text: A hoarse voice sounds different to a normal voice in either volume, pitch or quality (sometimes this is called dysphonia). For example, your voice may sound croaky, strained or weak.
This is caused by a problem with your vocal cords, which are the moving parts of your larynx (voice box). Your larynx is a part of your throat and has several different parts. Many different things can cause problems with your vocal cords.
One of the most common causes of a hoarse voice is laryngitis, which is inflammation of the larynx.
Laryngitis usually results from a virus, and it can often be part of another illness, such as the flu, tonsillitis or a sore throat. Other symptoms that can happen with a hoarse voice are sore throat, dry cough, mild fever and a constant need to clear your throat.
Laryngitis usually gets better by itself within a week, without any treatment. Resting your voice can help you recover. Don't whisper, as whispering can strain your voice. Making sure you drink enough fluid and taking paracetamol can also help.
you have a polyp, nodule, or cancer on or near your vocal cords.
It's important to avoid smoking, which can not only affect your voice, but also increases your risk of cancer.
you have swollen neck glands that don't get better within three to four weeks.
Your doctor will let you know if you need any tests or follow-up to see what is causing your hoarse voice. They can also refer you to a specialist if necessary.
Alternatively, you might want to see a private ORL specialist.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.737122
Retrieved Text: When found early, most cancers in the head and neck can be treated successfully. Recovery rates for these cancers could be greatly improved if people sought medical advice as soon as possible. If you think you have one of the warning signs of head and neck cancer, see your doctor right away.
Cancers that begin in the head and neck often spread to the lymph nodes in the neck before they spread elsewhere. A lump in your neck that lasts more than 3 weeks should be seen by your GP. Not all lumps are cancer but it could be the first sign of cancer of the mouth, throat, voice box or thyroid gland. It could also be from a cancer on your skin that has already been removed. These lumps are usually painless and grow steadily.
Most cancers in the larynx (voice box) cause some change in your voice. Any hoarseness or other voice change lasting more than 3 weeks should alert you to see your GP.
Many cancers of the mouth or tongue cause a sore or swelling that doesn’t go away. They may be painless, they may bleed and they may become infected.
An ulcer under a denture that does not heal may also be a concern.
Cancer of the throat may make swallowing food and fluid difficult or painful. Food may ‘stick’ at a certain point and might eventually go down to your stomach or come back up.
Skin cancers are common in New Zealand due to our high levels of UV light.
The most common head and neck cancer

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.591604
Retrieved Text: NIOSH studied acid mist exposure among steelworkers.
The NIOSH studies helped us learn more about the hazards of exposure to acid mist. This information could help workers exposed to acid mist around the world.
This study was on cancer of the larynx. The larynx is the voice box in the throat.
This was an incidence study. This study followed the people exposed to acid mist to see if they developed cancer of the larynx.
We studied past workers at three plants so there would be enough people in the study. If a study didn’t include enough people, a real association between exposure and present disease may be missed.
Many of the workers in this study answered questions for the study by mail or over the telephone. Relatives answered for deceased workers.
However, even if you did not answer the questions, the results apply to your health, too. Nine men out of 879 men in the survey group had cancer of the larynx.
In the survey, NIOSH asked whether the worker smoked cigarettes or drank alcohol.
We asked this because excessive smoking and drinking can cause cancer of the larynx. We needed to see if more cases developed than we would expect from smoking and drinking alone. Additional cases could be caused by exposure to acid mist.
The first part of the study was to find out if nine cases of cancer of the larynx were more than expected. We estimated how many cases were expected based on rates of disease in the general population.
Based on the U.S. general population, only about 4 cases would have

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.532066
Retrieved Text: Radiotherapy, surgery and chemotherapy can all be used to treat cancer of the larynx. Generally how laryngeal cancer is treated depends on where the cancer is in the larynx, the stage of the cancer, and your age and overall health.
If the cancer is small and at an early stage, it can be treated and usually cured by radiotherapy or surgery (usually laser surgery).
With larger tumours you may need surgery to remove all or part of the larynx. Radiotherapy may also be given after surgery to help to get rid of any cancer cells that may have been left behind.
Chemotherapy given with radiotherapy (chemoradiation) may also be a treatment option.
Chemotherapy is sometimes used to help to reduce the size of the cancer before radiotherapy or surgery. It can also be used if the cancer has spread beyond the larynx or has come back after radiotherapy.
If you have cancer of the larynx, your treatment is more likely to be successful and the side effects of treatments more manageable if you can give up, smoking and drinking alcohol before you start your treatment. It will also reduce the risk of the cancer returning, and the risk of other cancers developing.
Giving up smoking can be very difficult, especially at times of stress, but several organisations can help you such as QUIT. Your GP or cancer specialist can also give you advice.
Together they will be able to advise you on the most appropriate treatment, taking into account a number of factors like your age, general health, the cancer type and stage.
If

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.34534
Retrieved Text: Around 2,300 people in the UK are diagnosed with cancer of the larynx every year.
The main risk factors are smoking tobacco and drinking alcohol, but other factors can also increase your risk.
This type of cancer is rare in people under 40. It's more common in people in their 60s and 70s. It's five times more common in men than in women.
Most cancers of the larynx are squamous cell carcinomas. This means the cancer starts in the thin, flat cells (squamous cells) of the lining of the larynx. There are also rarer types of laryngeal cancer including sarcomas, lymphomas, adenocarcinomas and neuroendocrine carcinomas.
Your symptoms will depend on where in the larynx the cancer is. Most cancers of the larynx begin on, or close to, one of the vocal cords.
A change in your voice can be an early symptom of laryngeal cancer. If you've had hoarseness for more than three weeks, your GP should refer you to a hospital for tests.
Less commonly, the first symptoms may be a lump in the throat or neck, or discomfort or pain when swallowing. This usually happens when the cancer starts in a part of the larynx that isn't close to the vocal cords.
If you have any of the above symptoms, it's important to let your GP know. They can all be caused by other conditions, but it's important to get them checked.
At The Christie, laryngeal cancers are treated by the head and neck team.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.34155
Retrieved Text: “Does it make an IMMEDIATE difference to singing when you drink water?” surprisingly is NO!
The ONLY way to quickly get water to benefit and hydrate your vocal folds is to gargle water. By gently bubbling water over the vocal folds, you get the water to the specific area you are targeting.
However, if you have a gig, the best possible thing you can do is to hydrate 48 hours before a performance so that every single molecule of “YOU” is hydrated properly! This is the ONLY failsafe way to get the benefit to the vocal folds in a more sustainable way.
1. Survival. We use our larynx without a second thought every single day of our lives for things such as general breathing, swimming and in emergency situations, (*the involuntary fight or flight mechanism of the larynx kicks in).
2. Swallowing food. The food you’re swallowing is called a bolus because of its ball-like shape. As the tongue pushes the bolus back into the throat, you stop breathing. The epiglottis acts as the “trap door” – automatically closing the larynx, as it leads to the oesophagus. We do NOT want food or liquid to go down the “wrong way” past the vocal folds and into the lungs. Worst case scenario, if you have liquid (your drink) or food ending up in your lungs, it could become infected and turn in to pneumonia!
So, when people say that they drink just before a gig to get hydrated, it is too little too late. The liquid does not actually go anywhere near

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.009531
Retrieved Text: The discovery of the oldest known bird voice box is shedding light on what sounds dinosaurs were capable of making — or not!
CAT scans of fossils from a bird called Vegavis iaai that lived in Antarctica 66 million years ago, reveal the presence of a syrinx, an organ unique to birds, which enables birds to produce their amazing array of sounds.
"It's always been a mystery how and when this special voice box evolved," biologist Professor Franz Goller of the University of Utah, who was involved in the discovery, reported today in the journal Nature.
The fact that Vegavis iaai was around at the same time as the dinosaurs and yet no syrinx has ever been found in a dinosaur is telling, Professor Goller said.
He said it suggests dinosaurs were no songbirds.
Apart from birds, all other air-breathing vertebrates rely on the larynx to vocalise.
Birds do have a larynx at the top of their windpipe, but they only use it to open and close the windpipe and do not produce any sounds with it.
While humans can use their larynx to shout across the street and sing opera, most reptiles do not make much sound at all with their larynx.
The syrinx of birds is at the base of the windpipe, just near the heart, where the windpipe splits into two.
This means the whole windpipe above is able to help resonate and amplify sound.
Some people had speculated that dinosaurs probably had syrinxes since they have bird-like characteristics in their respiratory systems.
But no syrinx has ever been found in a dinosaur fossil,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.983149
Retrieved Text: In order to be a good pop singer, you need to have a feel for the music, which does not always adhere strictly to what is written. The singer can add riffs and breaks, longer and shorter notes, but the intention is to communicate a feeling. Therefore your communication and emotional interpretation skills must be good.
All singing requires support, and pop is no exception. A good way to connect your voice to your body is to place a finger in front of your lips, touch them, and blow firmly. You should feel the connection to your stomach muscles, and the contraction of the abdominal area.
To work on speech quality, a vocal technique commonly used in pop that is closer to speaking than singing, try saying "uh-oh" with an edge on it. That's called starting a sound with a glottal onset, which means that the sound starts before the breath. If you say "ho-ho" with an "h", you can feel your breath escaping. Now say "uh-oh" again without the "h" and engage your abdominal muscles up a bit. The glottal onset is an important part of speech quality, which is the communicating factor in singing - it's what people recognise when we talk. Avril Lavigne and Alanis Morrisette both have terrific speech quality.
Speech quality singing becomes much harder in the higher range. To practise this, try singing "ee", going up in thirds (ie do-me-so). The sides of the tongue should touch the insides of the top back molars. Add a glottal onset to "ee", then say "hee"

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.921442
Retrieved Text: Head, neck and oral cancers are cancers of the tongue, mouth, tonsil, larynx, pharynx, parotid gland, salivary gland and sinuses.
Oral cancer may develop in any part of your mouth. Risk factors include smoking or chewing tobacco, and excessive use of alcohol.
Head and neck cancer treatments may include surgery, radiation therapy, chemotherapy or a combination of these treatments. Most patients receiving treatment to areas of the head and neck will develop side effects. The side effects are related to the location of the cancer and the type of treatment you receive. Some possible side effects include: dry mouth, taste changes, difficulty swallowing, sores in your mouth or throat, fatigue, changes in your voice, skin changes, poor appetite, nausea, vomiting and/or diarrhea.
Laryngeal cancer occurs when malignant (cancer) cells form in the tissues of the larynx. The larynx (voice box) is located just below the pharynx (throat) in the neck, and contains the vocal cords, which vibrate and make sound when air is directed against them. The sound echoes through the pharynx, mouth, and nose to make your voice.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.838696
Retrieved Text: Laryngitis is an inflammation or infection of the voice box (larynx) and the vocal cords it contains. Laryngitis makes the vocal cords swell, changing the way they vibrate and the sound of the voice. Depending on the degree of swelling, the voice may become mildly hoarse, turn into a croak or whisper or even disappear temporarily.
Laryngitis often occurs along with a viral infection, such as a cold or flu. Hoarseness tends to appear later in the illness, after the sore throat, sneezing, coughing and other symptoms. Bacterial infections of the breathing tubes (bronchitis) or lung (pneumonia) also can infect the larynx and cause laryngitis. And laryngitis can occur when the vocal cords are inflamed by straining the voice, such as when yelling or singing very hard.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.718302
Retrieved Text: When your child’s airway is narrowed due to obstructed airflow, they might breathe noisily. This is called stridor. Stridor is not a condition itself, but is a symptom of one of several airway disorders. The four most common causes of stridor are listed below. While there are other causes, these cover the vast majority of cases in which stridor is a symptom.
Laryngomalacia is the most common cause of noisy breathing in infancy, covering 65 percent of cases. Doctors do not know specifically what causes laryngomalacia. It is simply due to the larynx (voice box) being too soft or pliable, or due to the presence of excess or redundant tissue around the vocal cords. When breathing in, the upper portion of the larynx and epiglottis can be pulled into the airway, which causes a characteristic high-pitched noise referred to as stridor. The diagnosis can be made during an office examination, which may include a flexible laryngoscopy. In this procedure a small flexible endoscope is placed through the baby's nose to view the larynx.
Fortunately, most children do not have any significant problems with laryngomalacia, other than the noisy breathing that occurs, especially when the child is upset or while feeding. It usually presents early in infancy and resolves by 18-24 months of age. Laryngomalacia is commonly associated with reflux. Usually by treating reflux alone, laryngomalacia improves. In more severe cases where the infant has apnea (stops breathing), cyanosis (turns blue) or fails to grow due to feeding problems, surgery may be needed. Although this is infrequent, our CEENTA

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.701757
Retrieved Text: Chorus America is a national organization dedicated to the development and promotion of professional, volunteer and youth choruses. The Michael O’Neal Singers organization has been a member for many years and our singers, staff and board members have benefitted greatly from Chorus America’s national conferences, publications, and advice. I am taking a different approach in my blog today and instead of sharing my own thoughts, I am printing in its entirety an excellent article just published by Chorus America. It is written by Erin Nicole Donahue and Wendy LeBorgne, voice pathologists who possess a superior understanding of the singing voice and how to keep it healthy. You can read more about these individuals at the conclusion of the article. I hope you find it as interesting and informative as I did.
Healthy vocal habits can help older adults continue to enjoy the benefits of choral singing. Erin Donahue and Wendy LeBorgne, voice pathologists from the Blaine Block Institute for Voice Analysis and Rehabilitation and the Professional Voice Center of Greater Cincinnati, share expert advice on staying vocally “fit”.
Choral singing is an important part of the lives of many aging Americans. As we are living longer, retired persons now have the time and energy to pursue their avocation, which often involves choral singing. Over 22 million Americans participate in a choral activity once a week. The many benefits of choral singing have been well documented, including group camaraderie, mental acuity, personal confidence, and emotional gains from creating and enjoying music.
As the voice undergoes normal age-related changes, singers may

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.52276
Retrieved Text: Knowing the warning signs of laryngeal cancer can lead to an early diagnosis and possible cure.
Laryngeal cancer, or cancer of the larynx, is the second most common cancer of the head and neck. There are about 11,000 cases diagnosed in the United States each year. The larynx, or voice box, is the structure in the neck that air passes through on the way to the lungs. Air passing out through the vocal cords allows us to speak, and a part of the larynx called the epiglottis closes off the airway when we swallow to prevent choking.
Smoking is the biggest risk factor of laryngeal cancer, which is most common among men between the ages of 50 and 60. "Although men are much more likely to get laryngeal cancer, women are starting to catch up," explains Richard Smith, MD, head and neck cancer specialist at Montefiore Medical Center in New York City.
A change in your voice. Because most laryngeal cancers start on a vocal cord, a change in your voice is an important, and noticeable, early warning symptom. "Any time you have a change in your voice that lasts more than three weeks, you really need to see a specialist who can look at your larynx," Dr. Smith says.
Lump in the neck. If the laryngeal cancer has spread into any of the lymph glands in the neck, the first sign may be a bump on the side of the neck.
Throat pain. "A persistent sore throat or a sensation of something sticking in the throat that doesn't go away

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.509205
Retrieved Text: Have you ever experienced discomfort when swallowing or a sensation of a “lump in the throat”? Do you experience jaw pain? Does your jaw pull to one side on opening? Do you have a tight jaw and tongue that impedes freedom of your voice throughout your range? You may have tight digastric muscles.
The digastric muscle is one of 4 suprahyoid muscles (along with the stylohyoid, geniohyoid and mylohyoid muscles) that elevate the hyoid bone (the horseshoe-shaped bone you can see in this image). They are important for control of the oesophagus and pharynx during speaking, singing and swallowing. The hyoid bone elevates to help place the epiglottis over our windpipe when we swallow so that food or liquid does not enter our lungs.
The digastric muscle has two sections or “bellies”. The back section attaches from the mastoid process (just under your ear lobe) to the hyoid bone and lifts the larynx and hyoid when swallowing. The front portion extends from under the chin to the hyoid and along with the Lateral Pterygoid muscle helps to drop the jaw quickly. Unfortunately if you have tight jaw muscles the front portion of the digastric muscles cannot depress the jaw and instead changes its action to elevate the larynx.
For singers this means the optimal high soft palate and neutral or slightly depressed larynx used in classical singing is unachievable. It also can restrict access to the top of their range.
The digastric can become overly tight when you have a tight Masseter muscle (possibly from grinding your teeth when asleep);

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.495058
Retrieved Text: I value your privacy and would never share your details.
Than You EVER Have Done Before?
Online singing lessons can help you to sing better than you have ever imagined. The main benefits of having lessons online are convenience and easy scheduling. You can improve your voice from the comfort of your own home and lessons are easily booked via my online scheduling calendar. You will receive a video recording of your vocal lesson as well as all of the necessary audio files for you to practice with.
Vocal Power singing lessons are individually catered to help you become the best singer you can be. The human voice is the most expressive instrument in the world and the beauty is that we each have our own unique voice. Whether you want to improve your technique or focus on stylistic develepment – your lessons are designed for you.
With the right vocal coach and dedicated practice with the right vocal exercises and warmups you can quickly increase your vocal range and become a better singer. You can learn how to sing high notes with ease by exercising control over the exact muscles in your larynx that get your voice to function properly. No more straining or reaching for those higher notes in the upper register.
Develop your vocal power and become a better vocalist with custom designed exercises. Every online singing lesson is specifically designed to help you develop your singing voice to the maximum and will prepare you for singing properly. I will supply you with the right exercises for your

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.474813
Retrieved Text: Laryngitis is a swelling or inflammation of your voice box (larynx) from irritation, overuse, or infection.
Inside the larynx are your vocal cords — two overlaps of mucous membrane coating muscle and cartilage. Usually, your vocal cords open and close smoothly, forming sounds through their movement and vibration.
But in laryngitis, your vocal cords become inflamed or irritated. This swelling distorts the sounds produced by air passing over them. As a result, your voice sounds hoarse. In some cases of laryngitis, your voice can become almost undetectable.
Laryngitis may be short-lived (acute) or long-lasting (chronic). Most cases of laryngitis are triggered by a temporary viral infection or vocal strain and aren’t serious. Non -stop hoarseness can sometimes signal a more severe underlying medical condition.
You can take care of most acute cases of laryngitis with self-care steps, such as stop using your voice and drinking plenty of fluids. Demanding use of your voice while having an episode of acute laryngitis can damage your vocal cords.
You should schedule an appointment with your physican if your laryngitis symptoms last more than two weeks.
These symptoms and signs may stipulate croup — swelling of the larynx and the airway just beneath it. Although croup can normally be treated at home, critical symptoms need medical attention. These traits also can indicate epiglottitis, a swelling from infection of the tissue that serves as a lid to cap the windpipe (trachea), which can be dangerous for children and adults.
In some circumstances of laryngitis produced by infection, the infection may spread to other parts of the respiratory tract.
•

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.460535
Retrieved Text: Vocal cord paralysis is a health condition that affects the two folds of tissue in your voice box called the vocal cords. These folds are important for your ability to speak, breathe, and swallow.
One or both of your vocal cords can be affected by vocal cord paralysis. This condition requires medical attention and often requires surgery to restore communication between the nerves in your vocal cords and your brain.
If you notice those symptoms or you detect any significant changes in your speech pattern and the quality of your voice, contact an ear, nose, and throat doctor for an evaluation.
If you’re choking because of paralyzed vocal cords, you may not be able to dislodge a trapped object or breathe. If you’re choking and can’t speak, contact emergency medical assistance immediately.
Some people are at a higher risk for vocal cord paralysis than others.
People who’ve had recent surgery at or around the area of the larynx can end up with damaged vocal cords. Being intubated during any surgery can also damage your vocal cords. Thyroid, esophagus, and chest surgeries all carry some risk of damaging your vocal cords.
A small study from 2007 indicated that having intubation over the age of 50 and being intubated for more than six hours increased risk of vocal cord paralysis developing after surgery.
Vocal cord paralysis happens because of misfiring or damaged nerves. Neurological conditions, such as Parkinson’s disease and multiple sclerosis (MS), can cause this kind of nerve damage. People with these conditions are also more likely to experience vocal cord paralysis.
Vocal cord paralysis

================



======= Instance Index 48 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are increases or decreases ):

Acids have pH values below 7. The lower the pH value, the more strongly acidic the substance.


If Mary is cleaning her pool and she increases the pH value of the water, what happens to the acidity of the water increases or decreases?

Target Text: decreases

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 43.61096
Retrieved Text: Bestway® Clearwater™ 1kg pH Plus is the best way (boom, boom) to avoid itchy eyes and skin because swimming pool pH levels have dropped below the recommended level. To avoid a dreaded dose of red eye it's vital that acidity is controlled and pH Plus is a simple and highly effective way to achieve this. The recommended pH balance of pool water is between 7.2 and 7.6 (you can test pH levels using Clearwater™ Dip Test Strips, which are available on the Bestway® Chemicals section of the website). When pH levels drop below 7.2 acidity increases and pH treatment needs to be applied. PH balance can be altered by leaves falling into the water, beetles enjoying a skinny dip, cosmetics from your skin and even urine! Applying the pH water treatment couldn't be simpler. After dissolving the recommended amount of pH chemicals in warm water you simply add the solution to the pool, increasing its pH level. After eight hours, pH levels should be checked again and increased or decreased accordingly.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 41.461502
Retrieved Text: Keeping up with water chemistry is an important aspect of Seminole pool cleaning. Staying at the right level of chemicals is imperative in keeping the water healthy and safe for swimming. A simple understanding of the different components will get you far in the maintenance of your personal watering hole. These different components are measured by ppm (parts per million), and there are four basic elements that need to be kept track of, in order to maintain clean water.
Chlorine is what makes your Seminole swimming water safe to enjoy. Without it, your lagoon would be full of potentially very harmful bacteria and algae thus it should be added on a regular schedule. Chlorine will kill these various types of bacteria through a pretty simple chemical reaction. A pool cleaning technician will know when and how much chlorine to add in order to keep the harmful elements away.
PH is a way of expressing the acidity of a solution; this is important to the upkeep of your water chemistry in Seminole since pH will measure the effectiveness of the chlorine in your water. If you find your water’s pH level is less than 7.2 then it is too acidic. If it is above 7.8, then it is more on the alkaline side. You want the level to be between 7.4 and 7.6 and this should be tested 2-3 times per week, especially during high traffic seasons when you need pool cleaning more frequently.
Alkalinity, which is in close relation to pH, is the measurement of all hydroxides, carbonates in

########
Rank: 2
Score: 40.25761
Retrieved Text: You probably have at least one box of baking soda in your home right now. If you’re like many Americans, you probably use it for cleaning or baking. However, did you know that baking soda can be used for health purposes?
Sodium Bicarbonate (NaHCO3) commonly called baking soda is a natural substance used in the human body within the bloodstream to regulate pH as a counterbalance to acid build up, which is critical to life. It affects the pH of cells and tissues, balances cell voltage, and increases CO2 which helps with oxygenation. Sodium Bicarbonate is a powerful medical tool that everyone would benefit by knowing more about.
Baking soda is alkaline in nature helps to neutralize the acids in the stomach. Restore your pH balance easily by drinking a mixture of ½ tsp. baking soda and 1 cup of water. The famous Doctor and Nobel prize winner Otto Warburg, has discovered that cancer cells can’t survive in an alkaline environment; these cells only thrive in an acidic body. In other words, keeping your body alkaline actually protects your health in general.
Conduct an at-home test to see if your HCL is low. Mix 1/4 tsp. of baking soda in an 8 oz. glass of cold water. Drink the baking soda and water mixture first thing in the morning before eating or drinking anything. Time how long it takes to belch after drinking the mixture. You should belch within 2 to 3 minutes if your HCL is adequate.
Baking soda is an alkaline compound that can help to decrease the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 39.980934
Retrieved Text: Pool Tiger helps control particles in the water by improving the effectiveness of the pool filter. This allows for a significant reduction in the use of chlorine, a chemical linked to a variety of health problems, including cancer and heart disease.
Among children, exposure to chlorine in pools is also linked to the development of allergies and asthma.
Pool Tiger helps balance the pH of pool water and helps to keep acidity levels low. Acids are absorbed through the skin while swimming, and numerous studies have shown a connection between high acidity in the body and disease.
Pool Tiger infuses pool water with negative ions. Studies show that negative ions trigger the secretion of serotonin, the good-mood chemical. In addition to improving one’s mood, it is also said to improve focus and provide an increase in energy.
Pool Tiger eliminates suspended particles that refract sunlight. This maximizes clarity and makes pool water sparkle on sunny days.
Pool Tiger requires no electricity to operate. It also reduces the demand for harmful chemicals whose manufacture and use pollute the environment and damage the ozone.
Pool Tiger is affordably priced and requires no maintenance whatsoever. And by mitigating the corrosive effects of high acidity, Pool Tiger increases the life expectancy of pool equipment and finishes.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 39.80716
Retrieved Text: Rain is the single biggest source of water in India. Snow, ice, fog and desalinated sea water would make up the rest. As rainwater harvesting picks up all across the country it is important to focus on the cleanliness of rain itself. Inevitably the first question is of ‘acid rain’. What is acid rain? pH is a measure of the acidic or basic nature of a substance. This is a measure used scientifically to understand the concentration of Hydrogen ions contained. Rainwater with a ph below 5.6 would be acidic and would be called acid rain. Typically pH balanced water would have a pH value of 7. Rainwater being naturally acidic coming in contact with the Carbon Dioxide in the air, would have a ph of 6.0 to 7. Acid rain occurs when rainwater picks up weak sulphuric acid and weak nitric acid from the atmosphere. These acids are a result of the polluting sulphur and nitric oxide emissions from vehicles, thermal power plants, oil refineries and other gas emitting industries. Acid rains are known to have had pH values of 4 and less. What harm can acid rain do? Acidity in water may in itself be not harmful to health. However this water can leach lead or copper if present in pipes and this can be harmful when ingested. Acid rain can also destroy life in water bodies and vegetation by its corrosive effect. BIS standards for drinking water in India specify that the pH value of potable water be between 6.5 and 8.5. It

########
Rank: 5
Score: 38.6721
Retrieved Text: Most swimmers are surprised to learn about the potentially corrosive effects pool water chemicals can have on teeth. When maintaining a pool it’s a constant battle keeping the temperature, chlorine level, and pH level balanced. When the pH level isn’t properly balanced (and sometimes even if it is) your smile can be exposed to excessive acidity levels.
Swimmer’s calculus reveals itself as hard brown tartar deposits that show up primarily on front teeth. It’s difficult to remove by yourself, but it can be removed during a deep dental cleaning.
Regardless of where acids come from—whether it’s from sports drinks, certain foods, soda pop, or pool water—acids can eat away at tooth enamel. Thin enamel can lead to accelerated decay and uncomfortable sensitivity.
Drink water! NOT pool water… Drinking water! For example if you’re swimming laps, set a bottle of drinking water poolside that’s easily reachable from inside the pool. Take a drink often and swish your mouth with fresh water. Also, be sure to drink and swish a lot right after your workout.
If you’re only in pool a couple hours a week, or at the hotel on vacation, chances are you don’t need to worry about this. However, pass this information along to others! Most people have a friend, extended family member, coworker, or mail carrier who spends a lot of time in a pool.
Call us if you any questions about this topic, or leave a comment below. We look forward to seeing you during your next visit!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 38.194225
Retrieved Text: After adding acid to the pool water, the pH goes down (at first) because of the effect on pH of the increasing amount of CO2 (aq) produced by the acid. Shortly afterwards, the pH begins to rebound and eventually can return to its original level. This is due to the equilibrium relationship between the amount of CO2 in the water and the amount of CO2 in the air above the water. This is known as Henry’s Law. Since the acid addition forms more CO2 (aq) in the water than is dictated by the equilibrium, most of the CO2 (aq) created by the addition of acid will then begin to release and off-gas into the atmosphere – which will gradually raise the pH level but not the alkalinity.
It may be instructive at this point to mention that the “natural” level of CO2 in balanced pool water after it has had sufficient time to reach equilibrium with the atmosphere is from about 0.5 ppm to 2.0 ppm and the pH will be around 8.0 to 8.3. This pH range is dependent on total alkalinity.
Since it is dissolved CO2 in water that keeps calcium soluble in water, we want to maintain pool water with just enough CO2 to keep the pH down in the mid to high 7 range. Too much CO2 in water creates low pH conditions that are aggressive to pool plaster, and no CO2 creates high pH conditions that are scale forming to pool surfaces. Of course, etching and scaling are something service techs are always

########
Rank: 7
Score: 38.157814
Retrieved Text: and then the pH will fall below 5.6 without adding any pH down. When the pH falls without you adding pH down, you have met the pH rule, and this is when it is time to change out the nutes,... High pH is a common concern among beginning and intermediate aquaponic growers, who want a quick fix to bring it down. My philosophy on lowering the pH in a system with high pH is simple. If you’re thinking about using a chemical or acid to lower your pH, don’t.
10/12/2018 · Ponds bring the magic and tranquility of water to your backyard, and give you exciting ways to experiment with new types of plants. But for the healthiest backyard pond, your pond water needs a pH how to draw a simple cat face for halloween Controlling the pH level in a pool that has high alkalinity is difficult, as the cushioning properties of the water to withstand alterations in acidity increases. This means that if you want to adjust the pH levels in the water, you will have to use higher amounts of chemicals.
PRODUCT SUMMARY: API® pH DOWN lowers pH to make freshwater aquariums more acidic for fish and plants when levels rise too high. pH is the measure of acidic or alkaline conditions in water, where a value of 7.0 corresponds to a neutral pH, pH values about 7.0 are considered alkaline, and pH values below 7.0 are considered acidic. how to download wacom software on a macbook air High pH is a common concern among

########
Rank: 8
Score: 38.100296
Retrieved Text: Alkaline water is nothing but water with a pH value higher than 7. Many medical experts and researches in this field believe that alkaline water is good for people with excess acidity as it helps in neutralizing excess acid in the body. This neutralizing effect reduces the acidity and helps in preventing and controlling in several diseases that are caused by high acid reflux like heart diseases, digestion related problems, arthritis, lack of immunity etc. There are many benefits of drinking alkaline water and there are several ways to make alkaline water. We will answer all this and more right here and right now.
If you are drinking water with low pH value and are facing any health problems related to acidity then you should need for alkaline water.
There are several ways to make alkaline water or in other words to increase the pH value or alkaline nature of water by using special alkaline filters, and additives that increase the pH levels, changing the pH value of water from neutral to alkaline.
3. Adding pH Drops – You can buy a bottle of pH drops medical store near you & read instruction for use.
4. Add an Alkaline Filter to Your Water Purifier – Add a alkaline filter in your water purifier.
How to Test pH Value or Alkalinity?
pH value of water can easily be tested using a piece of litmus paper, simply dip the pH strip/litmus paper in the water, let it sit for a moment, and then compare the color of litmus paper against the standard pH color

########
Rank: 9
Score: 37.7209
Retrieved Text: The family pool is where summer fun happens. But keeping it sparkling is more than cosmetic — it’s about keeping it safe to swim in. Aside from skimming out debris every day and vacuuming, here’s how to maintainyour pool’s sparkle, all summer long.
Maintaining the proper balance of your pool’s water chemistry is key to keeping your family healthy — avoiding the itching, burning and bacteria that can make you sick. And there are plenty of factors that can throw off the balance, from sunlight to falling debris to body oils.
The measurement of acidity or basicity of water on a scale of 0-14. A pH of below 7 indicates water is acidic, above 7 indicates water is alkaline (basic). The correct balance can help minimize eye irritation, reduce odor, help prevent corrosion, keep water crystal clear, and avoid scaling (growth of mineral deposits on pool surfaces and equipment, which can impact their performance.
The amount of active chlorine in water that’s able to destroy bacteria, algae and other organic matter.
Also called calcium carbonate. Although some level of hardness may be desirable to reduce the chance of corrosion, higher levels indicate a greater chance for scaling.
A stabilizer that helps reduce the loss of free available chlorine due to sunlight and evaporation.
Chlorine kills bacteria, helps prevent algae growth and destroys other organic matter in the water, so maintaining proper chlorine levels is key to making the water safe to swim in.
But before chlorine can do its job, your water’s pH has to be stabilized. If the pH is too high,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 37.05795
Retrieved Text: Our research has revealed a large body of evidence demonstrating many potential benefits of alkaline water. To understand the implication of the evidence supporting alkaline water use, it’s best to start with an understanding of alkalinity and acidity overall.
When water is acidic, it becomes the ideal environment for the formation of bacteria, fungus, and more. Increasing the pH—making the water more alkaline—will make the water a less likely living space for all kinds of germs and bacteria. Our bodies, according to science, are mostly water. If our bodies are overly acidic, or if our body fluids are overly acidic, we may begin to experience a variety of symptoms and sicknesses because our body has become more hospitable to bacteria and viruses.
When we drink alkaline water, there is evidence that the pH of our body fluids increases accordingly. As a result, the germs that were able to flourish in the acidic environment we previously provided will begin to die off. This is the essence of the alkalizing effect, and is what is responsible for many of the health benefits that people experience after drinking alkaline water.
Many people experience relief of these and other symptoms when combining alkaline water use with a healthy alkaline-promoting diet. It stands to reason that if excess acidity can produce the above symptoms, then balancing the pH of the body could improve or dissolve them. Alkaline water use often leaves a person with more zest for life, better moods, and overall better health. Just as much as we know that excess acidity is

########
Rank: 11
Score: 37.05726
Retrieved Text: How Does an Alkaline Water Ionizer Make Alkaline Water out of Tap Water?
You might have asked about it several times.
There are some homemade ways to make alkaline water. The most common and easiest ways are by mixing baking soda or lemon into your water.
Baking soda or sodium bicarbonate is a basic compound, so it neutralizes acidity. Simply dissolve an ample amount of baking soda into the water you want to alkalize. However, this will cause your water to taste like baking soda.
Although lemon is acidic by nature because of the high level of citric acid, lemon is also anionic. This means that lemon extract alkalizes as it is processed in the body. To make alkaline water out of tap water using lemon, simply slice the lemon into eight equal parts. Put the slices in the pitcher of water, and leave it for about 8 to 12 hours at room temperature. You can prepare this at night, so it will be ready to drink when you wake up in the morning.
You may not be able to make a lot of alkaline water using baking soda or lemon in one sitting, and maintaining this can take time. Another very effective way to make alkaline water is to buy an ionizer system. In this way, you can have alkaline drinking water from your tap at any time.
There are two main steps on how an ionizer turns your regular tap water into alkaline water. This involves purification and ionization.
The first thing that the ionizer does is filter your tap water

########
Rank: 12
Score: 36.93269
Retrieved Text: It’s no secret that kids LOVE sugary drinks like pop, lemonade, and gatorade. It’s important to know what the pH levels are of the common drinks that your kids might be digesting on a daily basis. The pH scale measures the acidity or basicity of a food or drink based on a number 0-17, with 7 being completely neutral. Anything with a number under 7 is more acidic and anything with a number higher than 7 is more basic.
For each number that is below the next (4 below 5), the acidity or basicity increase by 10 times. Therefore, a substance with with a pH of 4 is 10x more acidic than that with a pH value of 5. Acidic drinks are bad for anybody’s teeth, especially for undeveloped children’s teeth. We would like to show you some of the acidity levels of drinks that you and your child might be consuming.
As you can see, a lot of what both parents and kids are drinking are extremely acidic. The high amounts of sugar will ultimately break down your child’s teeth if they are not properly cared for. If your child is due for a dental cleaning or in need of a sealant, we are more than happy to help! If you have any questions or would like to learn more about what we can assist you with at Pediatric Dentistry, contact us today!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 36.854332
Retrieved Text: Proper pH adjustment in a swimming pool means keeping the acidity low.
2 What Can You Put in a Pool to Make the PH Level Go Up?
When the pH level in a swimming pool is low, it means the water is too acidic. A pool with a pH below 7 can exhibit long-term problems relating to acidity such as etching of the plaster and grout used in the construction of the pool, corrosion of pipe fittings and other metal equipment and rapid deterioration of pump O-rings and seals. An acidic pool also loses chlorine content faster, increasing operating costs. Because the pH of people's eyes is around 7.2, pools with lower pH will frequently cause stinging eyes and dry, itchy skin for swimmers.
Accurately determining pH is a standard function of every pool chemistry test kit. Most kits include a daily TC/pH test sequence that quickly tests total chlorine and pH levels. The pool operator takes a water sample, adds drops of reagents, then compares the resultant color change of the samples against a reference chart to determine chlorine content and pH. In most circumstances, during pool season the pH level of the water will be found to be slowly rising. This is due to the addition of sweat from swimmers during heavy use, chlorination and the natural tendency of standing water to gradually rise toward a stabilized pH level of approximately 8.5.
Why Is the pH Low?
When the tendency of the pool runs toward a low pH, it is usually the consequence of more than one factor. First,

########
Rank: 14
Score: 36.644543
Retrieved Text: If you have a personal swimming pool, it is extremely important to clean it properly. Cleaning not only ensures that the water is clear and safe to swim in, but also helps to keep all of your equipment functioning properly. By simply spending a few minutes of your time each day on the up-keep of your swimming pool, you will be able to enjoy it throughout the season without having to worry about the health of your pool and whether it is safe to swim in or not. In fact, cleaning your pool does not have to be as cumbersome as some may think. Routine care can help with common problems such as build-up on the bottom and sides of the pool, murky water and chemical levels of the water. These tips will help you to learn how to properly clean your pool.
Brushing is one of the most important pool cleaning tips. Brushing the walls and tile of your pool should be done at least once a week. This maintenance technique will help to prevent, minimize and even eliminate algae build-up along with deposits of calcium. Those with concrete walls in their swimming pools should opt for a stiff brush while those with vinyl walls should choose a soft brush for cleaning their pools.
Vacuuming should be performed every week to keep the pools water clean and clear. There are a wide variety of different vacuum types that you may choose from. This includes both manual and automatic models. After vacuuming, be sure to clean out the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 36.43932
Retrieved Text: A sparkling swimming pool is a gorgeous thing to behold. It makes a backyard look great while providing an oasis from the heat – and a centerpiece for that summer barbecue. All of this clean pool action comes with a price: many hours spent cleaning, brushing, scooping, and testing the water like some kind of recreational scientist unlocking the mystery of fun.
Although maintaining a pool can often seem impossible – no matter how many gallons of chlorine you dump into it the water is still murky, it can be done.
Whether you have a salt-based pool that produces chlorine or you have a tablet- or liquid-based chlorine pool, keeping your water balanced is key to its health.
Water that’s out of balance can irritate your eyes and skin; not kill the pool’s bacteria and even be harmful to the actual pool itself – corroding hardware and even the pool pump. So while it’s not cheap to maintain a pool, it’s far more expensive to neglect it.
Ready to get scientific? It’s not organic chemistry, but you might be able to impress a 5-year old.
Basically, a balanced pool means that the pH and chlorine levels are where they need to be. The chlorine slays bacteria and germs while the pH measures acidity and alkalinity. Twice a week, use a water testing kit to measure both of these levels.
Optimal chlorine levels are between 1.0 and 3.0 parts per million; the pH level should come in at between 7.2 and 7.6. Low chlorine levels mean you need to add chlorine until the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 36.326378
Retrieved Text: In the case of soil measurement, the pH value may vary depending on the amount of the soil sampled, the amount of pure water, stirring time, exposure time. Always measure the pH value with a constant amount of the soil and under the same condition. When perform the measurement, exercise the caution regarding the following items.
When perform the measurement, keep the temperature of the supernatant constant.
Securely avoid that the liquid junction of the sensing part and the reference part from being immersed in the soil precipitation part.
In the pH measurement of the soil which includes many salts, measuring the level of potential acidity is better to obtain the value with smaller error. However, the values between the level of the potential acidity are extremely different. Therefore, unify the methods into either of them to compare some samples.
Put 10 g of air-dried fine earth on top of 50 mL beaker, add 25 mL of pure water, stir it 4 times in every 30 minutes, leave it alone for an hour, then perform the measurement after immersed the electrode in the supernatant.
*The pH value measured by the method mentioned above is called the level of active acidity pH (H2O).
On the other hand, the pH value measured from the supernatant after adding the 1 mol/L KCl (75g of KCl/pure water) instead of pure water into the fine earth is called the level of potential acidity (pH (KCl)).

########
Rank: 17
Score: 36.303814
Retrieved Text: Nearly 15 years ago, my cousin and her husband built a beautiful brick home. The traditional southern home has a large wrap around porch with stately white columns. While my cousin was ecstatic to move into this grand home, she was also disappointed. Due to budget constraints, she was unable to build her dream pool. However, she has finally made her wish come true. Recently, an experienced pool contractor installed the pool of her dreams. Her lovely outdoor oasis contains a diving board and a water slide. In the summer, she spends entire days lounging by her new pool. On this blog, you will discover how a pool contractor can transform your backyard into a summer outdoor retreat. Enjoy!
When it comes to taking care of your pool, you want to do what's best for it. There are a number of things that you know to do with your pool if you're a seasoned pool owner. However, do you know of the few things that you shouldn't do with your pool? There are a number of things that are bad for your pool that you should make sure you are avoiding in order to ensure your pool stays as healthy as possible.
When it comes to pool maintenance, the number 1 thing that you should be doing for your pool is cleaning it. There are a variety of ways that you can clean your pool: by making sure that your filter is clean, by raking up any floating debris, or investing in a vacuum that will undoubtedly make

########
Rank: 18
Score: 36.22705
Retrieved Text: Dissolved carbon dioxide: Gases in liquid?
Atmospheric carbon dioxide (CO2) increased 40% from preindustrial levels to the early 21st century, ten times faster than has occured on Earth for millions of years.
The ocean surface layer absorbs about one third of human-released CO2.
Ocean acidity has increased about 25% from preindustrial times to the early 21st century, a pace faster than any known in Earth's geologic past.
The acidity of the ocean is greater than any point in the past two million years.
Until recently, the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere has fluctuated slightly and slowly during the past 10,000 years. However, the Industrial Revolution of the 1700s started a global adoption of fossil fuels to power human activity. The rate at which fossil fuels like coal, oil, and natural gas are burned has increased up until the present day. Burning fossil fuels releases carbon dioxide gas to the atmosphere, and the ever-increasing global use of fossil fuels has caused the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere to increase to a concentration that is higher than any time in the past 800,000 years. The cutting of forests for fuel or to clear land for agriculture over the past 200 years has contributed to higher carbon dioxide in the atmosphere because trees capture and store carbon dioxide.
Not only do higher atmospheric concentrations of carbon dioxide alter the Earth’s climate, they also shift ocean chemistry. This phenomenon is due to the fact that carbon dioxide in the air can dissolve into bodies of water.
As the amount of dissolved carbon dioxide

########
Rank: 19
Score: 36.118652
Retrieved Text: Instead of adding chlorine to the water of a saltwater pool, you add salt, and a chlorinator converts it to hypochlorous acid (HOCl). This chemical is sometimes referred to as free chlorine, and it's the actual sanitizing agent in both saltwater and conventional pools.
Cloudy water is a sign of chlorine deficiency, even in a saltwater pool.
When the water turns cloudy, it usually means there's an HOCl deficiency, and that could be the result of insufficient salt levels or problems with the chlorinator. The problem might also be pH, which is the first thing you should check. If the pH is outside the optimal range of 7.2 to 7.6, free chlorine generated from the salty water doesn't last long enough to do its job.
The pH value is a measure of the acidity/alkalinity of the pool water; a reading of 7 means the water is neutral. Pool water should ideally be slightly alkaline, with a pH between 7.2 and 7.6. If it's higher than this, the alkaline water quickly neutralizes the hypochlorous acid generated by the chlorinator. In acidic water with a pH lower than 7, hypochlorous acid reacts too quickly with contaminants and gets used up faster than the chlorinator can produce it.
Before addressing chlorine deficiency, it's important to raise or lower the pH, as needed, to bring it within the proper range. Lower pH by adding muriatic acid or sodium disulfide to the water, and raise it by adding baking soda (sodium bicarbonate) or soda ash (sodium carbonate). Check the total alkalinity of the pool water

########
Rank: 20
Score: 36.03549
Retrieved Text: Hose connector for 1-1/4'' or 1-1/2'' hose. 100 percent PVC. Featuring funny animal arm bands. 8" x 8" Suitable for children ages 3-6 years. Animal split ring. 100 percent PVC. Multi-color. 24" L x 21" W. Suitable for ages 3 - 5 years old. 48 blue/48 green.
Controls pH fluctuation in spa water. Fahrenheit or Celsius reading. 10'' long scoop thermometer with water pocket. Destroys bacteria and algae. Calcium hypochlorite 65 percent non stabilized chlorine (granular). Used for shocking destroys algae growth and bacteria.
Increases hardness in spa water. Over 100 square inches of transparent, pressure-sensitive patches that instantly mends either wet or dry surfaces. Repairs inflatable pools, toys and vinyl liners. Just peel off backing and apply. Raises the pH level in spa water.
Pool and spa vinyl repair kit. Repairs inflatable pools, toys and vinyl liners. Mends even under water. Kit contains: 1 ounce of adhesive and 42 square inches of patching vinyl. Increases pH in swimming pool water. Heavy-duty, one piece plastic frame.
100 percent pvc yellow 2 ring kids pool. Suitable for children ages 1-3 years old. For sparkling pools. Quick dissolving. Contains no additives. For all salt water chlorinators. Comes in a convenient, easy to carry bag. Balanced for clean pools. Ideal for vinyl and tile for a clean pool surface.
For pools and spas. Each strip tests for: Free chlorine, Bromine, pH, Total alkalinity and hardness. Contains 50 strips. Reduces pH and alkalinity in spa water. Anti-foaming agent. Compatible with other chemicals in spa water.
Part 1 of 2 part product sanitizer system for spa/tub water.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 35.98221
Retrieved Text: Water ionizer Using separating velum as the medium to give the direct current electric voltage in the water, and separate an alkaline water and the acidity water. Because of the mineral substance such as aquatic calcium, magnesium, natrium , potassium almost comes together to the cathode, hydrogen oxygen ion increase and become the alkaline water; oxygen, sulfuric acid, sulphur is led to the anode, increase hydrogen ion and become born acidity water, the cathode water contain more mineral substance, become alkaline water that suitable for drinking, the constringenct acidity water produced by the anode is for hairdressing, disinfecting to use of refrain from rash action the acidity water. Illness have closed contact with over ixidize, and the cancellation of the free radicals oxidizes is restore a series of oxidation, when the body is oxidized, as long as we try to restore the oxidation, disease canf+t exist any more.
Short on time? Let water-ionizer sellers contact you.
Buder Electri Appliance Co., Ltd.
Buder Alkaline Water Ionizer HI-TAQ7 (Made in Japan by Kyushu Hitachi Maxell) Certificated by TUV / ISO13485 / SGS ORP: Max.-1000mv Flow Rate: Max. 5.5L/minute PH: 2.7~10.5 Cleaning cycle: Each second automatic reverse cleaning for 1/50 second (3600times per hour). The Quick-Change replacement cartridge (Silver activated carbon combined with UF membrane 0.01um) (Made in Japan by Kyushu Hitachi Maxell) Lifetime: 12000liters Certificated by JIS / SGS.
The Material of Electrolysis trough: 100% Titanium white electrode board (5 pole 4 trough). Type of the faucet: Curve feature Suggested Water Pressure: 0.8KG/CM2 ~ 7KG/CM2 The material of the filter:anti-bacteria carbon filter,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 35.89306
Retrieved Text: "In just 26 seconds after any exposure to chemical toxins, they can be found in every organ of the body."
Why is this important to know and what does it have to do with acidity?
Imagine a fishbowl, the bowl is the outside of your body --- your skin. The water inside the fishbowl represents the water, the fluids, inside your body.
Now, let's consider the fish swimming around inside the fishbowl. These fish represent the cells floating inside your body. Also keep in mind your cells are made up of 96% water! What happens to the fish if you don't take care of the water in the fishbowl?
It's actually really simple, the fish DIES!
But before it dies, it slows down and gets sick. Well that's what happens to your body if you're not taking care of your body fluid (water), in your body (fishbowl), your cells (the fish) get sick! And when they get sick, they can't work right can they? That dirty "fishbowl" water is what is known as acidosis.
According to the experts, high acidity or acidosis causes 97% of the American population's health problems and a major cause of this is the common toxins we use every day.
Remember, "in just 26 seconds after any exposure to chemical toxins, they can be found in every organ of the body."
Many of the products we currently buy thinking they are safe actually may not be so safe, have you ever read the labels?
Watch for an ingredient called DEA which is a common toxic ingredient found in over 600 personal

########
Rank: 23
Score: 35.87671
Retrieved Text: When it comes to learning about hydroponics and aquaponics, it’s likely that you’ll run into a few unfamiliar terms. In particular, there’s a lot of mumbo-jumbo about pH—we know it’s important and we know that it affects the way our plants grow in the system. But what exactly does that mean; why does it have such a big impact on the success of our farms? Let’s dig into the chemistry a bit.
pH is a measure of acidity, which matters because nutrients are more or less available at different levels of acidity. That means you’ll need to find the sweet spot on the pH scale where all of the nutrients are available, and the plants are getting what they need.
pH is represented by a scale that ranges from 0 to 14 (0 being the most acidic and 14 being the most basic). The term “pH” stands for “potential hydrogen” because hydrogen ions (H+) and hydroxide ions (OH-) are what cause a solution to be basic or acidic. pH tests measure the concentration of these two substances in a solution. Because there are so many, measuring a number of hydroxide or hydrogen ions is not practical, so instead, pH is measured on a logarithmic scale (we’ll get to that shortly).
This is where things get more complicated. As you know, water is made up of hydrogen and oxygen. Two hydrogens, in fact. Pure water has a pH of 7, which means that it has an equal number of hydrogen and hydroxide ions because nothing else is in the water

########
Rank: 24
Score: 35.793903
Retrieved Text: Acids, Alkalis, and the pH Scale. Hydrochloric acid, the same acid found in stomach acid, is a strong acid as it can easily split up into its component ions.
Use a cup of plain, white vinegar. While vinegar is not as acidic as stomach acid, it can be used to simulate what a stomach does in a simple experiment. To use it, simply fill a cup with vinegar, and drop what you want to test into the cup. Vinegar ranks at about 2 on the pH scale, so it is about as acidic as stomach acid.
That’s approximately the pH level of gastric acid in the stomach. Initial acid in Cotton Lake and the Escambia River were at and have remained near normal. Multiple agencies have participated in the cleanup process, including the U.S.
…than lost to the environment. The relative acidity or alkalinity of a solution is reported by the pH scale, which is a measure of the concentration of hydrogen.
The pH of hydrochloric acid is 0, which means that it has the highest degree of acidity on the pH scale. Hydrochloric acid is a clear and highly corrosive solution of.
Make an acid-base indicator. Dr Yan uses some very colourful. The concentration of hydrogen ions is also used to create the scale by which we measure acidity: the pH scale. The scale spans from 0 to 14, with pH 7 being neutral.
An important property of blood is its degree of acidity and alkalinity, and this is referred to as acid-base balance. The acidity or alkalinity of the blood

########
Rank: 25
Score: 35.77915
Retrieved Text: my cousin has this prob which i really dun know wat to do.
here it is: when she tests her tap water the ph is ok, but then when she wakes up the next day the fishes r all lifeless, ph olso turn acidic.
after changing 80% of the water the ph goes back to normal,n the fish r ok again. but the same thing happens again the next day.
Anyway, Spiff, more details please. What substrate is she using? Any rocks, drift wood, plants, etc? Adding anything to the water? CO2? What is she using in her filter? What pH values is she getting?
hi spiff......just to add on, it may be good to check her tap water KH level which I believe can be pretty low. My tap water KH is at 2 and if voided or very low dissolved CO2, the PH is at 7...but once I inject CO2 without adjusting the KH up, the PH goes all the way down to about 5.5.
thanks...will check wif her. not very close so dun really know much.
check back with her, willya?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 35.69228
Retrieved Text: How do you test your body acidity level?
There are 2 ways to use litmus paper or universal indicator to test out how acidity your body is. Each litmus paper or universal indicator can be used only once. The optimal pH value for both tests should be between 6.8 to 7.2.
Saliva Test : Wait for 2 hours after eating. Then fill up your mouth with saliva and swallow it. Repeat the movement twice to ensure your saliva is clean. Wet the litmus paper with your saliva. Note down the color change and obtain the pH value.
Urine Test : Test your urine first thing in the morning. This urine has been stored in your bladder during the whole night. You need to wet a strip of litmus paper with your urine, note the color change and record down the pH number.
What do you do if your pH value is lower than 6.8?
If your urine or saliva pH value is lower than 6.8, your body is within the acidic range. This means you are deficient in alkaline buffers. In order to balance the pH of your body, you need to move away from acidic foods and begin taking lots of alkaline food like green vegetables, low sugar fruits and healthy polyunsaturated fats. If you have a busy life, you can use Supergreen powder as a replacement of your green vegetables and fruits. You also need to drink alkaline water instead of acidic drinks to hydrate and flush out the acid from your body.
What do you do if your pH

########
Rank: 27
Score: 35.61098
Retrieved Text: A high level of water quality with stable water values is a basic prerequisite for a healthy garden pond. Above all, many pond owners wish to have clear water to be able to see to the bottom of the pond. However, it is important to know that clear water is not necessarily an indicator for species-appropriate living conditions.
Indicators such as carbonate hardness (KH) and pH value ("degree of acidity") reveal the true state of the water. When both parameters are in order, the self-cleaning processes and ecological cycle processes are working properly. For this reason, pond care needs to start by determining these important water parameters. The Söll product range offers rapid tests and with AQUA-CHECK, which is an electronic measuring device, these and other important water values can be determined reliably.
Carbonate hardness indicates the total amount of hydrogen carbonates dissolved in the water, mostly as a compound with calcium or magnesium, which operate as a buffer system. Carbonate hardness can prevent unhindered increase or decrease of the pH value. It should always remain above 5 °dH (0.890 mmol/l CaCO3).
With regard to the pH value, a range between 7.5 and 8.5 meets the requirements of most water dwellers.
Fluctuations occur during the course of the day. Due to the photosynthesis activities of pond plants and algae, the pH value is high in the evening and low in the morning. Strong algae growth leads to a continuous reduction of carbonate hardness, which, in turn, changes the pH value even more and makes it instable.
At worst, damage to skin

########
Rank: 28
Score: 35.608906
Retrieved Text: With a view to the fact that PROXIM s.r.o. has been focusing on water treatment methods for many years, it decided to create a project that would be matchless in its scope and content and provide useful advice by means of Mr. Clearwater, an expert on swimming pool and garden pond water care and treatment.
Only a few professionals would claim to be the only true and experienced experts who have an answer to every question. We are no exception and the more in-depth knowledge we obtain, the more we feel that we know much less than in the beginning. Nevertheless, putting to use our knowledge and experience, we ventured into creating space with tips and advice on how to maintain water in garden or public swimming pools, whirlpools or wellness pools, and decorative or swimming ponds.
What can happen if the water pH is too low?
A pH value below 6.8 causes metal and concrete corrosion, discolouration, as well as eye and skin irritation.
What to do after filling up the pool for the first time?
First of all, you should measure the pH value of the water in the pool with the aid of a pH tester. The optimum pH value is between 6.8 and 7.6. If the measured value is higher, lower it by adding pH MINUS, or if it is lower, increase it by adding pH PLUS.
Especially in cases when you use local water sources to fill the pool, you should determine the water hardness. If the water is too hard, apply the HARDNESS STABILISER. This will

########
Rank: 29
Score: 35.404095
Retrieved Text: Our bodies live and die at a cellular level, i.e. we have billions of body cells that make sure there is alkalinity in the body so that we can live. Namely, a healthy pH balance between acidity and alkalinity is vital for fighting off any diseases since they are known to thrive in acidic bodies.
An acidic environment is the perfect breeding condition for viruses, mold, bacteria, yeast, as well as fungus. Acidosis or the state of higher acidity in the body can cause insufficient oxygenation at the cellular levels. Hence, when the pH values are lower than 7.4, the blood receives less oxygen and this opens a path for bad bacteria, mold, and viruses.
What Happens when the Body Is in a State of Acidosis?
An overly-acidic body will try to protect itself from damaging acids by storing more acid in fat cells. And, when the acid levels become excessively high, the calcium amounts become depleted and this may cause malfunction in the major organs. Rebalancing the pH can be of great aid in reducing fat cells and saving additional organ damage. According to medical experts, one’s food intake should be 75 percent alkaline foods.
In a state of acidosis, the body has to take minerals, like calcium, from important organs, which can cause arthritis and osteoporosis. A 7-year study with 9,000 participants conducted by the University of California indicates that chronic acidosis increases the chance of bone loss when compared with the risk of those with a balanced pH. The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition asserts that hip

================



======= Instance Index 49 =========
Input Text: Read the passage below and choose the right answer to the following question (choices are easier or harder ):

The closer to the surface an aquifer is, the easier it is to get the water.


An aquifer deep down will provide easier or harder access to its water than one near the surface?

Target Text: harder

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 39.91343
Retrieved Text: Part 1 of this article (Kincaid, 2002) discussed the primary legislation that drives groundwater and surface water protection efforts in the U.S. at the state and federal levels. Though the programs have contributed to a significant decrease in point sources of pollution to both reservoirs, overall groundwater and surface water quality continue to degrade, a fact which is particularly evident in Florida Springs where increasing nutrient levels are causing diminished water clarity and changes to the ecologic systems. Part 1 argued that one of the primary culprits here is the segregation of legislative measures into separate programs, programs that are slow to recognize the interactions between the two reservoirs and the increasingly apparent fact that pollution to one can and will lead to pollution to the other. The remainder of this article will present some of the basic scientific principles that govern groundwater and surface water interactions and discuss examples of common pollution problems that confront the two reservoirs. Key terms that are common to most technical discussions about groundwater/surface water exchange are described and marked by italic font in the text.
The hydrologic cycle (Figure 1) describes the pattern of continuous water circulation through air, land, and sea that is always active in our global environment. Precipitation that falls on the land surface via rainfall or snow either runs off to streams, lakes, and rivers or seeps into the ground and saturates underlying rocks and soil. The saturated rocks and soil are described as aquifers and the process of filling the aquifers is described as recharge.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 38.199898
Retrieved Text: Groundwater is the water found beneath the Earth’s surface and occupies the very small cracks and spaces between rocks, gravel and sand. It is a common misconception that groundwater is in the form of underground lakes, streams and rivers, when in reality, groundwater is found inside rocks: in the small pore spaces between rock grains in sedimentary rocks, between sand and gravel particles in alluvial deposits, or in narrow fractures and faults in crystalline rocks (Water Education Colorado [WEC], 2005, 2007; Colorado Geological Survey [CGS], 2002, 2003).
Groundwater supplies are available throughout much of Colorado; however, while most of state’s surface water resources are found west of the Continental Divide, most of the state’s groundwater resources lie to the east of the Divide (Grigg, 2003; Pearl, 1980). Of Colorado’s 64 counties, 19 rely heavily on the state’s groundwater resources, with private wells and public water supply systems serving approximately 20% of the population. (CGS, n.d., 2002; State of Colorado, 2015). Agriculture also heavily relies on groundwater, mainly for irrigation, but also for livestock and rural domestic needs (CGS, n.d.).
Groundwater Diagram. Department of Environment & Conservation, Government of Newfoundland & Labrador (2016).
Groundwater that is hydrologically connected to a surface stream and which has the ability to influence the amount or direction of flow of water in that stream is referred to as tributary. In Colorado, all groundwater is presumed to be tributary to a surface stream (unless otherwise defined) and is treated like surface waters under the prior appropriation doctrine administered by the Office of the State Engineer.
Streams

########
Rank: 2
Score: 38.11186
Retrieved Text: In addition to being invisible, groundwater is a 'horizontal' resource (in spite of the verticality of wells that abstract groundwater from aquifers), i.e. farmers located above an aquifer can sink wells independently of each other over a significant areal extension depending on the size of the aquifer. For example, in Mexico some aquifers have an area of only a few square kilometres, whereas the Guarani aquifer system in South America has an area of 1.2 million square kilometres, i.e. the size of England, France and Spain combined (World Bank, 2003).
Therefore, groundwater as a resource - in a situation of abundance - is distributed in an equitable manner to those above a given aquifer. With the less-pronounced upstream-downstream dimension, which is so defining in surface water management, and where upstream users literally have the upper hand over downstream users, the groundwater management challenge is a radically different one. The key issue is to manage a pool resource, which any user who can afford a deep enough well has access to and which therefore can provide benefits to many, but with the focus to make it last for as many users as possible for as long as possible. Groundwater management therefore implies dealing with decentralized stakeholders who will make their decisions based on private utility, weighing their costs (sinking the well, variable abstraction costs, etc.) and their benefits (well yields, type of use, benefit derived from it, etc.). Compared to surface water management, there is no 'tap' in the form of a reservoir release or an irrigation gate

########
Rank: 3
Score: 38.056313
Retrieved Text: File photo. landowners near Moses Lake, Washington, have been fined $618,000 for illegally pumping 500 million gallons of water from the Odessa aquifer.
Over the summer, Washington’s Department of Ecology sent at least nine notifications and inspected one property before they issued cease and desist orders to landowners.
“The land where they applied water to grow alfalfa, Timothy hay and potatoes didn’t actually have any water right authorizations,” Ecology spokesperson Brooke Beeler said.
More than 500 million gallons were pumped out of the aquifer. According to Beeler, that’s enough water to serve 4,000 homes in the region for a year.
Since 1980, groundwater in the Odessa aquifer has dropped more than 200 feet. In 2004, the Washington Legislature passed a law that limits groundwater use when landowners have access to surface water from the Columbia River.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 37.978912
Retrieved Text: Fig. 1 In nature, groundwater and surface water are connected.
The indiscriminate and sometimes excessive use of groundwater has led to questions regarding its sustainability. To what extent can groundwater be exploited without unduly compromising the principle of sustainable development? The sustainability of groundwater utilization must be assessed from an interdisciplinary perspective, where hydrology, ecology, geomorphology, and climatology play an important role. Shallow groundwater flow systems should be distinguished from deep groundwater flow systems; the former interact with surface water, while the latter do not. Generally, groundwater does not recycle as fast as the surface water, with rates of groundwater turnover varying from years to millennia, depending on aquifer location, type, depth, properties, and connectivity.
Excessive pumping can lead to groundwater depletion, where groundwater is extracted at a rate faster that it can be replenished. Unregulated groundwater use leads to the "Tragedy of the Commons," with the eventual depletion of the resource and ruin to all. The effects of excessive groundwater development tend to become apparent gradually, with time often measured in decades. To assure sustainability, studies must show that the hydrological, ecological, and other impacts of groundwater utilization are minimal. In addition to water quantity, sustainability must imply the preservation of water quality.
Groundwater is the portion of the Earth's water cycle that flows underground. Groundwater originates from precipitation that percolates into the ground. Percolation is the flow of water through soil and porous/fractured rock. The water table separates the saturated, or aquifer zone, from the unsaturated, or vadose zone, where the water does not fill all the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 37.01055
Retrieved Text: At a cost of $400 million, the Guadalupe-Blanco River Authority (GBRA) is moving forward with its plan to get its Mid Basin water supply system operational by as soon as 2018.
While large financing questions loom, GBRA General Manager Bill West believes the project is “absolutely necessary” for the growth of the region, which includes south and east Hays County.
The Mid Basin project is a “combination” of surface water, groundwater and aquifer storage and recovery. According to West, the project is proposed to deliver 50,000 acre feet of water, with the potential to expand that amount to 100,000 acre feet.
Surface water would come from the confluence of the San Marcos and the Guadalupe Rivers in Gonzales County. Groundwater would come from the Carrizo Springs aquifer.
West said the aquifer storage and recovery component is “unique” as it helps mitigate the impact on the aquifer.
“It’s where you can take excess water in times of plenty and store the water in the aquifer, so that in times of need, you can access it,” West said. He added that at times of excess river flow, GBRA’s project would treat the water and replenish the aquifer.
According to West, several potential customers may use water from the Mid Basin project. Customers could include the Walton Development group, which has acquired 10,000 acres in various parcels across Hays and Caldwell Counties.
Walton Development is planning two subdivisions, Pecan Woods and Kyle Estates, along FM 150 East in Kyle. He also said the General Land Office could be a customer to provide water to its tracts

########
Rank: 6
Score: 36.911682
Retrieved Text: Here at All Phaze Irrigation, your Town n Country well, submersible pump, centrifugal pump, shallow & deep well jet pump service installation and repair provider, we specialize in installation, service and trouble shooting of many types of wells. A water well is in excavation or structure created in the ground by digging, driving, boring or drilling to access ground water in underground aquifers. The well water is drawn by a pump which can be located both above and below the surface.
A well is considered to be shallow if it is less than 50 feet deep. The source of a well as an aquifer. An aquifer is an underground layer of permeable soil such as sand or gravel that contains water and allows the passage of water. Our knowledge of shallow wells is impeccable throughout the entire Town n Country Bay area. Diagnosing the correct problem is crucial and we here at All Phaze irrigation are your well experts. We install me the highest quality shallow well pumps in the industry an offer a 1 year warranty from the date of installation.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 36.776363
Retrieved Text: Antipodes Water comes to the surface from a deep aquifer and is bottled at source in Whakatane, Bay of Plenty, New Zealand.
Until Antipodes, most of the bottled waters on the tables of New Zealand's best restaurants came from Europe. That got the guys at Antipodes thinking. Why are we taking water from some of the most intensely industrialised land on earth and shipping it all the way to one of the world’s purest sources of water?
New Zealand Water is across the board renowned for its purity. Antipodes is sourced from an exceedingly deep aquifer of 150 to 300 meters.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 36.62475
Retrieved Text: We live on a planet covered by water (9.25 million trillion gallons), but more than 97 percent is salty, and nearly 2 percent is locked up in snow and ice.iThat leaves only a fraction of one percent of the earth’s total water supply to grow our crops, provide for industrial use, and supply drinking water. Unfortunately, these available water reserves are already strained – surface supplies are shrinking and groundwater is being depleted faster than it can be replenished. It is estimated that by 2025 almost two billion people will live in areas plagued by water scarcity and two-thirds of the world’s population will be living in water-stressed regions. By 2050, one in 5 developing countries are expected to face water shortages.
Currently, approximately 9 percent of countries experience absolute water scarcity, 6 percent experience water scarcity, and 10 percent are under water stress.vEighty nations now have serious water problems that are expected to become severe within twenty years.
In the world’s driest places, fossil water is becoming as valuable as fossil fuel. This ancient freshwater was created eons ago and trapped underground in huge reservoirs, or aquifers. And like oil, no one knows how much there is.
More than two billion people worldwide rely on wells for their water. As water tables continue to drop, many of them devote countless hours to collecting and hauling this valuable resource.viiBringing fossil water to the surface may cause other water quality issues. When aquifers are depleted, they can be subject to an influx of surrounding contaminants such as saltwater—a particular problem

########
Rank: 9
Score: 36.619934
Retrieved Text: Contrary to popular belief, an aquifer is not a free flowing underground river or lake. Actually, an aquifer is a body of rock or sediment that is completely saturated – water is in it and all around it. It can be made of sand, gravel, sandstone, or other rocks that can store or transmit water. What goes in an aquifer stays in an aquifer.
Water that flows into an aquifer may be contaminated by many things we do at or near the surface of the earth. Contaminants may reach the aquifer through natural or man-made pathway. Deliberate disposal of waste such as landfills, septic tanks, and injection wells can have an impact on the quality of an aquifer.
Samples of water taken from the Mahomet Aquifer are routinely dated between 1,000 and 12,000 years old; however, the geological events that lead to the creation of the aquifer were set in motion over a million years ago. The Mahomet Aquifer is composed of sand and gravel that was deposited in the valley of a river that was formed 1.5 million years ago. This ancient river was later disrupted by floods that permanently altered the landscape. The last remnants of this valley were covered by sand, silt, gravel, and clay left by advancing glaciers over 130,000 years ago.
The deposits responsible for producing the aquifers pristine waters are typically found 500 feet below the surface. These deposits average close to 100 feet thick and may be as much as 200 feet in some places. It is only in areas near the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 36.5382
Retrieved Text: The Forest View Acres Water District is dedicated to providing its customers with relevant and timely information regarding their services and any issues that may be of concern to the residents of the District. The District publishes several reports regarding the quality of the water and other documents and facts of interest to their customers. Among these items are Drinking Water Quality Reports and information on water utility locates.
The Forest View Acres Water District budget is balanced annually by the District Management working with and approved by the Board of Directors. The budget is based upon the expenses incurred to provide water service to the District and to repair, maintain, and improve the infrastructure and facilities of the District to ensure that clean, safe water is produced and delivered to residents of the District. The District must deliver clean, safe water in statutory compliance to federal, state, and local laws.
Click to view FVAWD's Rules and Regulations.
Forest View Acres Water District’s surface water source is in Limbaugh canyon. Surface water is susceptible to many forms of contaminants, such as bacteria, pesticides, industrial waste, algae and other organic materials. Surface water must be treated to meet the state and federal regulations for potable water. Forest View Acres Water District filters and treats its surface water at their Surface Treatment Plant before sending it to their storage tank.
The Forest View Acres Water District currently maintains one well that pumps water from the Arapahoe aquifer. This well is about 1,250 feet deep and produces volumes between 90 to 100 gallons

########
Rank: 11
Score: 36.52283
Retrieved Text: The Minnesota Department of Natural Resources is close to completing installation of the first of two deep bedrock wells in Solomon Park to provide ongoing information on groundwater levels and movement in the area.
The first bedrock well was drilled 400 feet down into the Jordan Sandstone aquifer in the northwest corner of the park. Water generated from the drilling process was pumped to a settling tank to remove sediments, then directed into the sanitary sewer system to avoid adding groundwater to local surface waters. A second bedrock well will soon be drilled nearby to a depth of about 250 feet into the Prairie du Chien aquifer. Installation of the wells was delayed by weather conditions and is now expected to be complete by the end of February.
A buried artesian well (a deeper well separated and below the water table aquifer) at Solomon Park, also installed last fall.
The water level data provided by this network of six observation wells will help the multi-agency team that’s been working on the Nokomis area water concerns better understand the area’s groundwater system and learn how different aquifers may be interacting with each other and with surface waters.
View the October 9, 2018 Newsletter here.
As part of efforts to keep area residents informed and engaged, the Nokomis Area Groundwater and Surface Water Evaluation team held an open house on Wednesday, Oct. 24. Interagency staff were on hand to provide information and answer questions on a variety of topics related to groundwater and surface water issues in the area. Information from this meeting

########
Rank: 12
Score: 36.436226
Retrieved Text: Thirty percent of all water used to irrigate U.S. agriculture is pumped here.
But this giant basin, which underlies eight states, isn’t keeping up with demand.
Some of its levels are rising.
But many parts are in decline.
Even in water-rich Nebraska, overpumping the High Plains aquifer, also known as the Ogallala, is a problem. Two-thirds of the Ogallala’s water reserves underlie the state, but pumping by thousands of Nebraska farmers has reduced the flow of the Republican River, which is fed in part by groundwater seeping into the streambed. Nebraska, Kansas, and Colorado share the river’s waters, based on a 1943 agreement.
In 1998 Kansas sued Nebraska, demanding that Nebraska permanently shut down irrigation on some 300,000 acres of farmland and pay $80 million for failing to deliver enough water downstream to Kansas. To finally settle the case, four Nebraska groundwater management districts built a six-mile pipeline to transfer water pumped from the aquifer into a tributary of the Republican River to increase stream flow.
The true test of this solution will come in drought years, when groundwater pumping for irrigation increases. Meanwhile, a group of Nebraska farmers downstream from the pipeline sued Nebraska for disrupting water that would normally have flowed to them.
Like a sponge, an aquifer holds water in its crevices.
Typically it can take hundreds of years to accumulate water. In the High Plains aquifer, groundwater discharges at a faster rate than it replenishes. Half of the aquifer has less than a hundred feet of saturated thickness. At least 30 feet of saturated thickness is necessary for large-scale irrigation.
The

########
Rank: 13
Score: 36.27623
Retrieved Text: In 2014, IGRAC, together with Acacia Water, carried out a project on Managed Aquifer Recharge (MAR) in the transboundary Merti Aquifer, shared between Kenya and Somalia. The project was commissioned by IGAD Inland Water Resources Management Programme (IGAD-INWRMP), which is an EU funded programme that aims at strengthening the national and regional capacities in the field of water resources management and at the development of regional dialogue and cooperation for sustainable water resources management in the Horn of Africa.
The overall goal of the project was to identify and map the potential for different MAR applications within the Merti aquifer and to develop a MAR data management system. Based on the project results recommendations were given on the potential for different MAR applications in the region.
The IGAD-INWRM team has selected the Merti aquifer, shared between Kenya and Somalia, as pilot transboundary aquifer (TBA) for this project. The Merti aquifer is a large non-renewable aquifer that is one of the few reliable water sources in this semi-arid region. Since the early 1990's there has been a significant increase in population due to the settlement of a large number of refugees from Somalia in the Dadaab area, which led to an increased demand for drinking water. For this drinking water both local population and refugees depend entirely on groundwater. However, although the Merti aquifer is a vital source of fresh water in the region, still relatively little is known about the extent of the aquifer, its hydrogeological parameters and groundwater recharge.
The study has shown that for the Merti aquifer

########
Rank: 14
Score: 36.272827
Retrieved Text: Figure 1: baseline monitoring network (with Superficial geology).
Figure 2: baseline monitoring network (with bedrock geology).
There are two significant aquifers across Lancashire: a shallow aquifer formed of superficial glacial sand and gravel interbedded with clay (Figure 1), and a deeper aquifer below formed by the Sherwood Sandstone (Figure 2).
The shallow aquifer is up to 40 m thick and is designated by the Environment Agency as a Secondary B aquifer. It is used for private drinking water supply, farms and golf course irrigation. In the area of the proposed shale–gas sites, this aquifer is underlain by a thick layer (up to 350 m) of a low–permeability mudstone, the Mercia Mudstone. Water moves slowly through this mudstone and it is not classed as an aquifer. Below this is the Sherwood Sandstone, which reaches a thickness of up to 750 m. The Sherwood Sandstone is classed by the Environment Agency as a Principal aquifer.
The Sherwood Sandstone is too deep to be practically accessible in the area below the Fylde. However, to the east of the proposed shale–gas exploration (east of the Woodsfold Fault – see Figure 1), the aquifer is much closer to the surface. In this area it is used for both public and private water supply.
The aquifer units overlie the deeper shale that is the proposed shale–gas target. In the area of the proposed gas–exploration sites, the shale units occur at some 2000 m below surface.
BGS has established a network of water sampling sites consisting of existing boreholes, wells and streams within a radius of some 10 km

########
Rank: 15
Score: 36.192535
Retrieved Text: Note: Contaminants with dates indicate results from the most recent testing done in accordance with regulations.
Maximum Contaminant Level (MCL) – The highest level of a contaminant that is allowed in drinking water. MCLs are set as close to the MCLGs as feasible using the best available treatment technology.
Maximum Contaminant Level Goal (MCLG) — The level of a contaminant in drinking water below which there is no known or expected risk to health. MCLGs allow for a margin of safety.
ppb — parts per billion.
ppm — parts per million.
Drinking water, including bottled water, may reasonably be expected to contain at least small amounts of some contaminants. The presence of contaminants does not necessarily indicate that water posed a health risk. More information about contaminants or potential health effects can be obtained by calling the Environmental Protection Agency’s Safe Drinking Water Hotline (800-426-4791).
If present, elevated levels of lead can cause serious health problems, especially for pregnant women and young children. Lead in drinking water is primarily from materials and components associated with service lines and home plumbing. LAKESIDE WATER SUPPLY is responsible for providing high quality drinking water, but cannot control the variety of materials used in plumbing components. When your water has been sitting for several hours, you can minimize the potential for lead exposure by flushing your tap for 30 seconds to 2 minutes before using water for drinking or cooking. If you are concerned about lead in your water, you may wish to have your water tested. Information on lead in drinking water, testing methods and

########
Rank: 16
Score: 36.177845
Retrieved Text: Bentonite Chips/Pellets are made of Premium high Swelling Natural Sodium Bentonite. These form a flexible, permanent, non-toxic seal where water flows and hydrostatic pressures are involved.
Sizes are available in 5 to 10 mm (1/4 to 3/8 inch) and any Bespoke solutions would be available.
Seal all types of well sealing, abandonment, seismic shot holes, grounding rods, mineral exploration holes, etc.
Seal surface casing for water wells and well pits.
Provide an intermediate seal, preventing inter-aquifer transfer.
Seal at the upper most aquifer and prevent entrance of surface water into aquifer.
Seal abandoned wells maintaining aquifer yield and artesian head.
Increased hardness and density provide better settling characteristics. Can be placed in a dry or wet borehole with the same ease as pea gravel.
Extremely slow swelling rate allow the proper placement of the Bentonite seal without bridging.
Will swell up to 15 times its dry volume when hydrated by fresh water.
It will provide an “in place” expansive seal.
Superior characteristics where low permeability flexible seals are required.
It will not shrink or crack with time.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 35.993744
Retrieved Text: Case includes 24, 500mL (16.9oz) bottles of FIJI Water. The 500mL size is perfect for everyday on-the-go hydration. Its soft, smooth taste comes from its extraordinary source -- a protected artesian aquifer found deep underground in the remote Fiji Islands. FIJI Water is the choice of discerning top chefs, fine restaurants and hotels around the world.
Case includes 12, 1.5L (50.7oz) bottles of FIJI Water. The 1.5L size is great for ongoing hydration throughout the day. Its soft, smooth taste comes from its extraordinary source -- a protected artesian aquifer found deep underground in the remote Fiji Islands. FIJI Water is the choice of discerning top chefs, fine restaurants and hotels around the world.
Case includes 36, 330mL (11.15oz) bottles of FIJI Water. The 330mL size is great for events, offices and kids. Its soft, smooth taste comes from its extraordinary source -- a protected artesian aquifer found deep underground in the remote Fiji Islands. FIJI Water is the choice of discerning top chefs, fine restaurants and hotels around the world.
Pack includes 6, 500 mL (16.9 oz) bottles of FIJI Water. The 500 mL size is perfect for everyday on-the-go hydration. Its soft, smooth taste comes from its extraordinary source -- a protected artesian aquifer found deep underground in the remote Fiji Islands. FIJI Water is the choice of discerning top chefs, fine restaurants and hotels around the world.
Pack includes 12, 700 mL (23.7 oz) bottles of FIJI Water. The 700mL Sports Cap size is perfect for hiking, traveling, and everyday hydration. Its soft, smooth taste comes from

########
Rank: 18
Score: 35.788162
Retrieved Text: Pesticide contamination of ground water and surface water has become a major environmental issue. Recent studies indicate that pesticides applied to cropland can contaminate the underlying ground water and then move along ground-water flow paths to surface water. In addition, as indicated by the following examples, movement of these pesticides between surface water and ground water can be dynamic in response to factors such as bank storage during periods of high runoff and ground-water withdrawals.
A study of the sources of atrazine, a widely used herbicide detected in the Cedar River and its associated alluvial aquifer in Iowa, indicated that ground water was the major source of atrazine in the river during base-flow conditions. In addition, during periods of high streamflow, surface water containing high concentrations of atrazine moved into the bank sediments and alluvial aquifer, then slowly discharged back to the river as the river level declined. Reversals of flow related to bank storage were documented using data for three sampling periods (Figure P-1). The first sampling (Figure P-1A) was before atrazine was applied to cropland, when concentrations in the river and aquifer were relatively low. The second sampling (Figure P-1B) was after atrazine was applied to cropland upstream. High streamflow at this time caused the river stage to peak almost 6 feet above its base-flow level, which caused the herbicide to move with the river water into the aquifer. By the third sampling date (Figure P-1C), the hydraulic gradient between the river and the alluvial aquifer had reversed again, and atrazine-contaminated water discharged back into

########
Rank: 19
Score: 35.754677
Retrieved Text: New Jersey’s network of rivers, wetlands and ground water is the source of life from the Pinelands to the Jersey Shore to the Delaware River and beyond. Millions of people depend on New Jersey’s ground water every day for drinking, their economic wellbeing and quality of life.
Save the Source is a campaign by Pinelands Preservation Alliance to protect the 17-trillion gallon Kirkwood-Cohansey Aquifer, a vast reserve of fresh water that underlies southern New Jersey and all of the Pinelands.
The Kirkwood-Cohansey is one of the cleanest aquifers in America. Yet it is threatened by overuse, pollution and degradation.
The future of the aquifer is being set TODAY. Join us as we unveil the stories of people whose lives and livelihoods rely on a healthy groundwater supply. Help us in the coming year as we work to make protection of every drop of water in the Kirkwood-Cohansey a priority.
It contains more than 17 trillion gallons of fresh water and lies beneath most of southern New Jersey.
Water flowing out of the ground from the aquifer represents about 90 percent of all water flowing in the streams and rivers in the Pinelands and southern New Jersey.
It supplies clean, fresh water to the Delaware River and Bay.
It is a “surficial” aquifer meaning it is exposed at the land surface in our wetlands, lakes and streams.
The aquifer is comprised mostly of water-saturated layers of sand and fine gravel and some clay-like material and extends from the land’s surface just beneath our feet to depths of up to about 1000 feet near the shore.
The

########
Rank: 20
Score: 35.74946
Retrieved Text: Groundwater must be recharged so the aquifer is available to get through future droughts.
For more than a century, California farmers have extracted water from underground to irrigate crops during droughts or where surface water is not available. However, in recent decades, water reservoirs that accumulated over thousands of years underneath the state's valleys are being tapped with deeper and deeper wells that pull out more water than can be replenished in the winter.
The 2012-14 drought intensified the problem. Greater groundwater usage than recharge has left some rural homeowners' wells completely dry. Land is subsiding as clay layers that are interspersed between sandy and gravelly aquifers beneath the surface compress due to lower pore water pressure, which is responsible for keeping clay pores open.
To ensure California's aquifers are available to meet future generations' water needs, proper management in terms of extraction and replenishment is critical, says Thomas Harter, UC Cooperative Extension groundwater hydrology specialist.
Urbanization and advances in agricultural technology have reduced historic groundwater replenishment. Asphalt, concrete and buildings block water infiltration. Water-saving irrigation devices – like drip and microsprinklers – are more protective of groundwater quality, but have reduced the amount of water applied to crops and are cutting down on recharge into the aquifer.
In urban areas, substituting gravel for concrete and leaving areas undeveloped can boost aquifer levels. There is also more that can be done in the agricultural sector to replenish groundwater with clean recharge.
Microsprinklers have allowed farmers to use water more efficiently, but compared to flood or furrow irrigation, less water percolates down to

########
Rank: 21
Score: 35.22402
Retrieved Text: The Acadian Group of the Sierra Club and the WaterMark Alliance have sent a letter to Lafayette Consolidated Government leaders that recommends actions that they say should be taken to remedy the recently discovered contamination of the Chicot Aquifer near the Lafayette North Water Treatment Plant.
The letter was sent to Mayor-President Joel Robideaux, LUS Director Terry Huval, LUS Water and Wastewater Operations Manager Craig Gautreaux and all nine Lafayette City-Parish Council members, according to a press release issued jointly by the organizations.
Plan and execute a study of surface contamination within the wellhead protection area of local wells. Include sampling for all contaminants that have been monitored in LUS well water, and for contaminants found at other US rail sites, which are either undergoing or have been remediated.
Where appropriate, partner with other state and federal agencies.
Intensify sampling of well water by increasing the frequency of sampling and adding contaminants for analysis to include all known or suspected contaminants present on the surface or in the surficial aquifer (groundwater just below the surface).
Make all past and current well monitoring and sampling data easily available for public review and analysis.
Begin contingency planning for shutting down all wells in the vicinity of the North Treatment Plant. Abandoning some or all of these wells may be necessitated in the future to allow aquifer remediation through recovery well operation or other groundwater cleaning technology.
Identify responsible parties and methods to recover ratepayer and taxpayer costs.
The abandoned railyard site is a public hazard and should be posted as such. It is known to be

########
Rank: 22
Score: 35.20946
Retrieved Text: Groundwater in the Floridan Aquifer is the source for more than 1,000 springs in North and Central Florida. It also provides water for over 90 percent of the people who live there. Even though this water lies hundreds of feet below the ground, it is not entirely protected from sources of pollution at the surface. Nitrate-nitrogen is one pollutant that has contaminated much of the water in the Floridan Aquifer. Nitrates are nutrients necessary for plant growth; however, when water with elevated levels of nitrate-nitrogen flows out of the aquifer into our springs it is harmful to their environmental health. Elevated groundwater nitrate concentrations can cause algal blooms, which may lead to a lack of oxygen, negatively affecting fish and other aquatic creatures.
Nitrates in drinking water also have negative health impacts on humans. The EPA has mandated that public water supplies must maintain nitrate levels below 10 milligrams per liter (mg/L). Drinking water with nitrate levels above 10 mg/L can reduce the oxygen carrying capacity of blood, causing methemoglobinemia, or blue baby syndrome, which is harmful or fatal for young children and the elderly.
Epidemiological research conducted by the National Cancer Institute has provided strong evidence that drinking water with elevated nitrate levels is associated with increased risk of certain cancers and birth defects, even at concentrations much lower than 10 mg/L. Nitrites, created from nitrates, react in the stomach to form what are called N-nitroso compounds. These compounds are the main carcinogen in cigarettes and they have been shown to cause multiple forms of cancer in

########
Rank: 23
Score: 35.19819
Retrieved Text: There is deep concern over the worsening shortage of clean water in the Gaza Strip where only a small number of the Palestinians in the besieged coastal enclave have access to drinking water.
The Palestinian Water Authority’s deputy chairman, Rebhy al-Sheikh said that more than 90 percent of the water in the aquifer in Gaza is unfit for domestic use.
The aquifer is contaminated by sewage, chemicals and seawater and the territory’s three desalination plants unable to meet demand.
Aquifers are Gaza’s primary water source and provide for 98% of public consumption. Locals and development specialists say the situation is getting beyond dire across the besieged Palestinian enclave.
Residents say the water from the tap is barely usable, while those that can afford it buy bottled water.
Marwan An-Najar, a Gazan who travels four kilometers (2.5 miles) to fill a 20-liter plastic jerrycan at a local desalination station, said he has not tasted sweet tap water in 10 years.
The Gaza Strip, which has been under an Israeli siege since June 2007, has long suffered severe water problems. Its aquifer has been contaminated by sewage, chemicals and seawater and the territory’s three desalination plants are unable to meet demand.
The Israeli blockade has also led to a dramatic decline in the standards of living as well as substantial levels of unemployment and poverty.
Adnan Ghosheh, a senior water and sanitation specialist with the World Bank, stated in November that only 10 percent of Palestinians in the blockaded enclave have access to drinking water.
The official with the international financial institution also reiterated earlier United Nations

########
Rank: 24
Score: 35.15557
Retrieved Text: A shallow well is a hole which has been dug, bored, driven or drilled into the ground for the purpose of extracting water is a well. A well is considered to be shallow if it is less than 50 feet deep. The source of a well is an aquifer. An aquifer is an underground layer of permeable soil (such as sand or gravel) that contains water and allows the passage of water.
Aquifers are replenished as rainfall seeps down through the soil. Ground water travels through permeable soil on top of hard or impermeable layers. Shallow wells usually are only deep enough to intercept the uppermost (or most easily reached) perched water table.
Water table wells penetrate into aquifers in which the water is not confined by an overlying impermeable layer. The level at which the soil is saturated is the water table. Pumping the well lowers the water table near it. These wells are particularly sensitive to seasonal changes and may dwindle during dry periods.
Artesian wells penetrate into ground water having confining layers above and below the aquifer. Rainfall enters into the aquifer through permeable layers at high elevations causing the ground water to be under pressure at lower elevations. Because of this pressure, the water level in the well is higher than the aquifer. A well that yields water by artesian pressure at the ground surface is a "flowing" artesian well.
Since shallow wells penetrate into aquifers that are near the ground surface, they can become contaminated by barnyards, pastures, sewers, chemicals, or septic tank systems. Both

########
Rank: 25
Score: 34.806713
Retrieved Text: Why does TMWA store water underground?
During low water years and in abundant snow years, Truckee Meadows Water Authority (TMWA) carefully manages our water resources. Our water supply depends on annual snowpack and reservoir levels. Since we can’t predict how much snow we will get in any given winter, this is stored water that the community can use if there is a drought. This benefits everyone in the Truckee Meadows. One of those resources is our capacity to store water underground in the aquifer; this storage is in addition to upstream reservoir storage. Both surface and groundwater resources can be tapped in the event of a drought. By injecting treated surface water into some of its wells, TMWA recharges the underground aquifer annually.
The recharge program, known as Aquifer Storage and Recovery (ASR), pipes treated surface water into existing wells. This treated, surface water is injected into the aquifer through several wells throughout TMWA’s service area. The process occurs during fall and winter when water use drops to one-fourth of the summer average usage and surface water is available. The stored water can then be accessed during drought periods, if necessary. The earlier in the fall that TMWA can start injecting treated water into our wells throughout Reno and Sparks, the more water can be stored and available for use in below normal precipitation years. We use the replenished aquifers like underground reservoirs from which water can be withdrawn in the event of reduced availability of river supplies.
How much water has TMWA recharged?
Since recharge began in 1993, ASR

########
Rank: 26
Score: 34.507553
Retrieved Text: John Grace is the Chief of the Source Protection and Appropriations Division of the Water Supply Program, Water Management Administration (WMA). His major responsibilities are implementing the water appropriation and use permitting program, assuring that communities have adequate water supply capacity, and helping communities protect and improve the quality of their water. John has just completed his 25th year with the WMA.
To address capacity concerns, the State’s Advisory Committee on the Management and Protection of the State’s Water Resources (the Wolman Committee) released its final report in 2008. The Committee assessed the condition of the Maryland’s water resources management effort and made recommendations to assure State will provide for the long-term use and protection of our water resources and a strategy for appropriate funding for sustainable management of the resources.
John’s Division continues to work on implementing recommendations from the Committee. Compliance with water use reporting requirements has significantly improved since 2006. A new GIS project enables John’s Division to have ready access to multiple levels of information about Maryland’s Coastal Plain aquifer system. John is looking forward to the development of an improved data management system and is working with his staff in concert with resource study agencies on two major aquifer studies.
John is from East Patchogue, New York. In his youth, he says, he spent a lot of time outside participating in sports, bicycling and hiking through the woodlands and marshes near his home. John says he was fortunate to have mentors along the way that had deep appreciation and knowledge regarding the natural world.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 34.45968
Retrieved Text: Safety hazards to people and animals.
The plugging of an abandoned well needs to meet requirements outlined in the SD Well Construction Standards sections 74:02:04:67 and 74:02:04:69. These rules specify how to plug a well depending on the type of well construction, the type of aquifer or aquifers which the well penetrates, and the materials to be used to plug the well. Even though the owner of an abandoned well may plug the well, it is strongly suggested that a SD licensed well driller perform the work due to the varying conditions encountered in plugging an abandoned well. If a well is not plugged properly, ground water contamination may still occur and it is very difficult and expensive to correct the improper plugging of an abandoned well.
Historical Background. Abandoned wells exist throughout South Dakota and tap into every principle aquifer in the state. These are the same aquifers that are relied on today for much of the drinking water used in the state. While the actual number of abandoned wells is not known, it is possible to make some reasonable estimates of the number of abandoned wells. In 1910, South Dakota had approximately 78,000 farms which reached a maximum of 84,300 farms in 1932. Since that time, farm numbers have declined steadily to about 31,700 today. Therefore, South Dakota has lost approximately 52,600 farms that likely had at least one well which may now be abandoned. Aside from the reduction in the number of farmsteads, other factors have also contributed to the creation of abandoned wells such

########
Rank: 28
Score: 34.322086
Retrieved Text: The fresh water that flows through rocks and open spaces below the Earth’s surface is known in environmental science as groundwater. Most of the fresh water that people access is groundwater, flowing underground.
Unconfined aquifers: Water in an unconfined aquifer is stored in permeable rocks and sediment through which it can flow freely. Hence, water in this type of aquifer can flow to plant roots or bubble up to the surface as a spring.
The water table is the boundary between the water-filled rock and sediment of an aquifer and the dry rock and sediment above it. Water that seeps into the ground through the water table when it rains, refills, or recharges, the groundwater in unconfined aquifers.
Confined aquifers: Confined aquifers are surrounded by impermeable layers of rock that don’t allow water to move through them. Thus, confined aquifers create underground storage containers for the water they contain. Because impermeable rock layers surround confined aquifers, they have a specific area of recharge, where fresh water from rainfall can enter and refill the aquifer.
To withdraw groundwater stored in both types of aquifers, people dig wells. Unfortunately, the rate of recharge for most groundwater aquifers is much slower than the rate of withdrawal through wells to meet human water needs. As a result, many existing wells are now dry wells, where no more water can be drawn, and cones of depression form in the water table.
A cone of depression is an area where the water table dips because water has been withdrawn from that area of the aquifer faster than

########
Rank: 29
Score: 34.120766
Retrieved Text: and updates from the OWRB.
The OWRB has completed a 20-year update study of the aquifer. Goals of the aquifer study included 1) updating aquifer maps such as saturated thickness, aquifer thickness, and potentiometric surface; 2) compile groundwater use from the aquifer; and 3) incorporating Oklahoma Comprehensive Water Plan projections for management purposes.
The Rush Springs aquifer, located primarily in western Oklahoma, is comprised of the Permian-age Rush Springs and Marlow Formations. The Rush Springs Formation is a massive fine-grained poorly cemented sandstone with some interbedded dolomite, gypsum, and shale. The Marlow Formation is composed of interbedded sandstones, siltstones, mudstones, gypsum-anhydrite, and dolomite.
Aquifer thickness ranges from less than 200 feet in the south to about 330 feet in northern areas and is generally less than 250 feet thick through the central part of the aquifer. Water from the Rush Springs aquifer tends to be very hard yet suitable for most uses. Levels of dissolved solids are generally less than 500 mg/L. Nitrate, sulfate, and arsenic concentrations exceed drinking water standards in some areas, limiting its use for drinking water.
The aquifer is used primarily for irrigation, but it also supplies water for industrial, municipal, and domestic use. Most groundwater withdrawn from the Rush Springs aquifer is in Caddo County. Wells commonly yield 25 to 400 gpm while some irrigation wells are reported to exceed 1,000 gpm.
The Cimarron Alluvial and Terrace aquifer located in north-central and north-western Oklahoma is composed of loose sediments, mostly made of gravel, medium to fine sands, and some mud. Underlying the newer geological formations are

================



