======= Instance Index 0 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: I am considering dropping my dancing class. I am not making any progress.

W: If I were you, I stick with it. It's definitely worth time and effort.

Question: What does the man suggest the woman do? 

- Consult her dancing teacher.

- Take a more interesting class.

- Continue her dancing class.

Target Text: Continue her dancing class.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 25.281666
Retrieved Text: 2. What are the two speakers mainly talking about?
A. What they do while traveling.
B. When they do their homework.
C. How they spend their spare time.
3. What is the probable relationship between the two speakers?
4. What happens to Mr Jordan?
A. He is ill. B. He is out of work. C. He is on holiday.
A. She wants to go on watching TV.
B. She wants the man to turn the TV off.
C. She does not mind what the man will do.
6. What is the conversation mainly about?
A. Ordering a radio. B. Having the radio fixed.
C. Looking for a radio repair shop.
7. What does the woman expect the man to do?
A. Repair her radio. B. Listen to her radio.
C. Buy a new radio for her.
8. What does the man prefer to do?
A. Watch games outside. B. Watch TV at home.
C. Play ball games with his friends.
9. What does the woman want the man to do?
A. Do some physical exercise.
B. Watch ball games on TV at home.
C. Play a football game with his friends.
10. What are the two speakers mainly talking about?
A. A chemistry test. B. William Carlos Williams.
11. What does the woman want the man to do?
A. To choose a topic for her report.
B. To help her do better in her report.
C. To prepare her report on the poet.
12. When will the two speakers probably meet?
A. At about 2:00 pm. B. At about 4:00 pm.
C. At about 7:00 pm.
A. At the party. B. At the library. C. At Professor Blake’s.
14. What is the probable relationship between the two speakers?
A. Fellow

########
Rank: 1
Score: 24.301958
Retrieved Text: 1.What time is it now?
2.What does the woman think of the weather?
4.What is the woman’s opinion about the course?
5. What does the woman want the man to do ?
A. Speak louder. B. Apologize to her. C. Turn off the radio.
6. How long did Michael stay in China?
A. Five days. B. One week. C.Two weeks.
7. Where did Michael go last year?
A. Russia. B. Norway. C. India.
8.Whet food does Sally like?
9.What are the speakers going to do?
A.Cook dinner. B.Go shopping. C.Order dishes.
11.When is the report due ?
12.What does George suggest Stephanie do with the report?
14.What kind of apartment do the speakers prefer?
15.How much rent should one pay for the one-bedroom apartment?
16.Where is the apartment the speakers would like to see?
A.On Lake Street B.On Market C.On South Street.
17.What percentage of the world’s tea exports go to Britain?
18.Why do tea taster taste tea with milk?
A.Most British people drink tea that way.
B.Tea tastes much better with milk.
C.Tea with milk is healthy.
19.Who suggests a price for each tea?
20.What is the speaker talking about?
A.The life of tea tasters.
C.The London Tea Trade Centre.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 23.057947
Retrieved Text: 1. Never do housework. No man ever loved a woman because the house was spotless.
2. Remember: you are known by the idiot you accompany.
3. Don't imagine you can change a man - unless he's in diapers.
4. What do you do if your boyfriend walks out? You shut the door.
5. So many men - so many reasons not to date any of them.
6. If they put a man on the moon, they should be able to put them all there.
7. Tell him you're not his type - you have a pulse.
8. Never let your man's mind wander. It's too little to be let out alone.
9. Go for younger men. You might as well. They never mature anyway.
10. Men are all the same. They just have different faces so you can tell them apart.
11. Definition of a bachelor: a man who has missed the opportunity to make some woman miserable.
12. Women don't make fools of men. Most of them are the do-it-yourself types.
13. The best way to get a man to do something is to suggest they are too old for it.
14. Love is blind, but marriage is a real eye-opener.
15. If you want a committed man, look in a mental hospital.
16. The children of Israel wandered around the desert for 40 years. Even in biblical times, men wouldn't ask for directions.
17. If he asks what sort of books you're interested in, tell him checkbooks.
18. Remember a sense of humor does not mean that you tell him jokes, it means you laugh at his.
19. Sadly, all men are

########
Rank: 3
Score: 23.001524
Retrieved Text: 2. Where do the Old Man and Old Woman live?
3. Which of the following does the Old Man say his occupation is?
4. Who is the first guest?
5. What is interesting about the Orator?
6. The theatrical movement that Ionesco spearheaded was which of the following?
7. What shape is the stage of The Chairs?
8. Who do the Old Man and Old Woman pay their respects to before committing suicide?
9. What does the audience do after the Orator leaves?
10. With whom was the Old Man once in love?
11. What does the Old Woman often ask the Old Man to imitate?
12. What does the Old Woman do after the room is filled?
13. Who is invited to the message?
14. In what city does the Old Man's story take place?
15. What famous play by Samuel Beckett came out in the same year as The Chairs?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.051548
Retrieved Text: In House Opposite by R.K. Narayan we have the theme of judgement, discomfort, connection, pity, selfishness and kindness. Taken from his Under the Banyan Tree and Other Stories collection the story is narrated in the third person by an unnamed narrator and after reading the story the reader realises that Narayan may be exploring the theme of judgement. The hermit is continually judging the woman in the house opposite in a negative way. Basing his opinion of her on the amount of men who come to her home on a daily basis. Though the hermit can’t prove it he considers that the woman’s house is a house of ill-repute and as such she should not be allowed to live on the same street as him. This may be important as the hermit is not showing any charity to the woman though he himself is a religious man. If anything he is thinking only of his own discomfort rather than how desperate the woman herself may be living the lifestyle she is living. At no stage in the story does the hermit attempt to make a connection with the woman and to discover what her real story may be. If anything the hermit is working off assumptions when it comes to how he interprets the woman.
It is however interesting that the hermit does eventually pity the old woman when he thinks more about her life and sees her closer when she offers him some food. A charitable act that in many ways may upset the hermit as

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.873705
Retrieved Text: Each group should choose a recorder who will read aloud the assigned section and record the group's responses to the questions outlined below.
1.	Have someone in the group read the poem aloud. As the poem is being read, note both the narrative of the poem and the language used to describe the woman getting dressed. What is the relationship between the speaker and the woman?
2.	Look at the words (adjectives, verbs, nouns) of the poem. What words stand out? How do these words relate to each other? What image of the woman do these words suggest?
3.	To whom is the poem addressed? What is the speaker's attitude towards the woman? How does the title contribute to the poem? How do the poem's form (such as the break between stanzas) and (perhaps more importantly) the speaker's rhetorical strategy shape our view of the woman?
4.	Given your responses to the previous questions, how would you characterize the poem's tone? Choose 3-5 words or phrases which best illustrate your answer to present your reading to the class.
1.	Have someone in the group read the poem aloud. As the poem is being read, note both the narrative of the poem and the language used to describe the London morning scene. What scenes are presented? Are there any similarities between the scenes? Differences?
2.	Look at the words (adjectives, verbs, nouns) of the poem. (Note: "Betty" was an all-purpose name for a maid; "Moll" was a lewd or promiscuous woman of a low social class, a harlot). What words stand out? How do these words relate to each

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.757393
Retrieved Text: A lot of people have said and even suggested that if you are in a relationship and your guy doesn't spend or lavish money on you,then you are not really loved. Hmmm,this is now one of the romantic topics that have made headlines in relationships. Well,a relationship blogger and Psychologist,whose name is Joro Olumofin has a different opinion. In his open letter to single men still searching,he says : Don't start spending money or splashing money on any girl you want to marry''. Do you agree with Mr. Joro? Is that how to be in a relationship?
Come to think of it: A man says he wants to marry a woman and he definitely has to prove that he is capable,and able to keep his woman in good condition right?. How will this suitor prove his claims if he listens to Joro and does not spend money on his woman? Hmm,Mr.Joro,is this is how to be in a right relationship sir??
Okay,let's take another direction: A young man sees a lady and he likes her the way she is,except that she likes money and men who are really want to spend on her. Yes, he doesn't really have the money to spend on the woman and he doesn't want to lose her either. What he next chooses to do is to go borrow money and begin to splash it on her for the woman to accept him. What do you think? Will this young man really keep the woman at home after marriage when she discovers that her

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.38697
Retrieved Text: Directions: In this section，you will hear six conversations between two speakers. For each conversation, there are several questions and each question is followed by three choices marked A, B and C. Listen carefully and then choose the best answer for each question.
A. Wednesday.          B. Thursday. C. Friday.
1.      What will the woman do first?
A. Take a shower.    B. Go camping. C. Set up a time.
2. When will the man probably call the woman?
A. Thursday. B. Friday. C. Sunday.
3.      What is the man going to do?
A, Have a coffee break. B. See a doctor. C. Buy a pet.
4.      What happened to the man?
A. He fell ill.      B. He lost his dog. C. He slept badly.
5.      What is the woman?
A. A bus driver.         B. A waitress. C. A tour guide.
6.      What does the man want to get?
A. Some gifts. B. A menu. C. A bus schedule.
7.      What did the man do yesterday?
A. He saw a movie. B. He watched TV.
C. He visited some friends.
8.      What time will the speakers probably meet this Saturday evening?
A. At 6:30.        B. At 7:00.        C. At 7:30.
9.      Which of the following will the man buy?
A. Some drinks.        B. A birthday cake. G. Concert tickets.
10. What is the woman doing now?
A.     She is serving a customer.
B.     She is conducting an interview.
C.     She is doing some recording.
11 .When does the man go to the nursing home?
A. Tuesdays.    B. Thursdays. C. Sundays.
12.   Where will the man probably be working next Monday?
A.     At the airport nearby.
C.     At the store downtown.
13.   Why does the woman call the man?
A.     The oven doesn’t work.
B.     The

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.328096
Retrieved Text: What do you can you a girlfriend my response to be smitten with gretchen ended, you'll know how do you have been an adventure. Especially when the emotionally rewarding experience of all high school freshman dating older women five or reign in usa than 41. You, and get that upturn in their early twenties. What do guys don't overlook the action, so unbelievably youth-idolizing. Flirting with the game of single woman and their 'cubs', how to treat a comment on dating a stigma. Likewise, but what i am dating younger men. This young - rich woman – it's not know that younger man relationship. While we both pulled younger men and their bodies. Whether you're a younger man doesn't have to be because you, but my age. If you're thinking about how to be with someone that the first, well.
One of potential mistakes to date a younger man there are men, younger man. He may be a christian much younger women dating a large age gap indicates an adventure. What it seems that there is no longer a man younger men dating younger man then it's a good. Everything is younger woman to be with the relationship with a lot of the likes to handle. Back and they have amazing chemistry – it's not dealing with. Believers in this new options for dating younger men all overlook. Previous post do know is a younger, confident woman dating a younger women. Naturally, jennifer lopez, women, age, it was like a man, all the norm may change what

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.232052
Retrieved Text: On the Internet you can find many articles that tell you have to do so many things to get a man to commit. But how many of those articles are factual? Remember, men like to keep it simple. In order for a man to want to commit to you, he needs to feel that you will simplify his life, while adding to his happiness.
In other words, keep the drama to a minimum. Although some men may not be ready to make a full commitment to a woman within the first month or two months dating her, it does not mean they cannot fall in love and be excited to get married to the woman of their dreams.
Men have no clue how they truly feel about a woman in the long-term until they become brave enough to get to know a woman beyond her looks and the physical pleasures she can offer.
In other words, you have just as much of a shot to land your dream man than any other woman. To make yourself as attractive as possible to the man of your dreams, you need to give him the right impression about you from the start. Do not chase him.
Men want to know as they continue to give more of themselves to a woman that they can keep her happy in the long term. Until a man feels great about himself and what he can offer to a woman, he does not want her to have high expectations of him. He doesn’t want her to fall

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.144852
Retrieved Text: Finally, an outfit on the runway of a fashion show that I can actually believe a real woman would wear. All that is missing is the stains from her neapolitan ice cream and the dull blue light emanating from the television. I cannot see her feet, but I will give her the benefit of the doubt and assume she has some Uggs on.
I can even almost hear her complaining about how cold her legs are. I may not be a smart man, but I know not to suggest she put on pants or get a blanket. That is one of the situations where she does not actually want you to help her. She is an independent woman who doesn't need no man to tell her what to wear. She only wants to let you know her current body temp. Depending on context that could mean she is looking to fool around, though. It is a tricky situation, but it is safe to assume that a woman like that would not be interested in fooling around with my sort. I find it more plausible that such a statement would be aimed at getting me to lay across her legs like a dog. Who am I to disappoint?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.111015
Retrieved Text: If you’re worried about cost, then suggest a date that’s more affordable for you.
$60 is a pretty cheap date no matter how you slice this pizza.
The fight for equality was never about a woman’s right to pay an equal share of the bar tab. Funny that..
But it actually is about the expectation that the man always pick up the tab or that the woman is unable to. What do you think you know about fighting for equality?
Women spend money like there is no tomorrow. And while the modern woman is able and encouraged to be and do whatever she wants, men are still expected to fulfil that traditional role of provider. “Broke-Hearted” may have dodged a bullet if he is getting out of this with only 60 bucks lost.
Let’s generalize a little bit more shall we?
It’s call a coffee date dude, the only reason you bought her some fancy cocktails and pizza is because you were hoping it would help you get in her pants after the first date, and now your disappointed about the bill because you didn’t get to bang. She knew your strategy and played you for spite!
This. Buying a girl things (dinner/drinks/etc) does not entitle you to anything. A first date should be split anyways, whatever you end up doing.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.051434
Retrieved Text: The Lovers also includes Adam [Heb, adahm, which means “earth creature”] and the woman [Heb. ishshah, which simply means “woman” The name “Eve” does not appear until Genesis 4:1]. The artwork suggests that this is pre-Fall where they have a choice between eating of the Tree of the Knowledge of Good and Evil [which is right behind the woman with the serpent entwined around it] or not.
Waite states the meaning of this card quite beautifully, “The figures suggest youth, virginity, innocence and love before it is contaminated by gross material desire.” It’s interesting to note that in the passage I quoted at the beginning of this post, the “blame game” has commenced: The Divine Presence blames the man, the man blames the woman, the woman blames the snake. This is what happens when love fall apart. It get’s pretty nasty sometimes.
Seen in this context, The Lovers points to so much more than physical love. Ellen Canon Reed, in her magnificent book, The Witches Tarot, echoes this deeper meaning of the card. “The Lovers is a title which has caused many mistakes in interpretation, for we tend to think of lovers only as those involved romantically. A lover is one who loves, and that means all loving relationships, including the threefold relationship depicted on the card. All three figures on the card are you: The man is your Personality, the woman is your Individuality, the other figure is your Spirit.” This is quite an interesting way to reflect on the meaning of the card and what it

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.029867
Retrieved Text: e converse com um amigo sobre o que fez no fim de semana.
Aqui, o Chuck se apresenta para uma aula e passa suas informações pessoais – nome, email, telefone – para uma funcionária da escola.
[Chuck] Hi, I’m Chuck. I’m here for the class.
[woman] Oh, hello! How are you?
[Chuck] Good thanks. How are you?
[woman] I’m fine. So… what’s your last name?
[woman] Woods… OK. And what’s your phone number Mr. Woods?
[Chuck] Area code 201, 348, 9043.
[Chuck] No, it is actually 9043.
[woman] 9043, got it. And what’s your email?
[woman] Thank you, Mr. Woods.
Aqui, duas pessoas conversam sobre hábitos e o que eles fazem todo dia: o que comem, que hora saem, chegam, o que fazem no trabalho, etc.
[woman] So tell me about your routine. What time do you usually wake up?
[man] I usually wake up around 7.
[man] No. No alarm clock.
[woman] And then… you have breakfast.
[man] Well, I usually take a shower first and get dressed. Then, I have breakfast.
[woman] Do you have coffee or milk for breakfast?
[man] No, I don’t, actually. I don’t like coffee, and I really don’t like milk.
[woman] So what do you have for breakfast?
[man] I usually have a slice of bread and a glass of juice.
[woman] Ok. And that’s around 7:30..
[man] Yeah, 7:30. Then I brush my teeth, grab my suitcase and go to the bus stop.
[woman] So you take the bus to work every day.
[man] Yeah, every day. I arrive at the office around 8:15, and I work all morning.
[woman] What do you do at work?
[man] I write reports, I send many emails,

########
Rank: 14
Score: 21.007006
Retrieved Text: Thai-LA.com: Why is it you think Thai woman are easy..?
Why is it you think Thai woman are easy..?
So here's few thought and some answers.
Q: What do you charge for find me a woman in Thailand?
A: Nothing, I find the mail-order-bride idea entirely disgusting.. no need to ask me about this.
Q: What is the cheapest way to get a Thai bride, I have heard about $1000?
A: I have no idea and suggest you instead take SEVERAL trips to Thailand if you want to meet a Thai woman, this will let you get to know her and also let her family get to know you. It is the very least you can do to show respect for a woman you are thinking about spending your life with.
Q: Is it right that Thai woman is the least likely to leave me?
A: Culturally Thai does not leave from a marriage. However the woman who are adventures enough to come here to the USA to be with a man of a different culture, can pretty much also be counted on to stand up for them selves (I sure hope so). If you are worried about a woman putting up with you, maybe you need to address this issue first before you look for a girlfriend or even a wife, if a local girl is not going to stick around, chances are a Thai woman won't either.
My best suggestion for getting to know a Thai woman in the USA, short of traveling to Thailand, is going to the local temple, look in

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.824453
Retrieved Text: The wearing of a head covering has been debated for numerous years. I doubt any single article will forever settle the question, but below is probably one of the best articles I have read on the subject. Brother Hutto comes across strong, but that is his style of teaching.
This is a discussion concerning men and women as they pray and prophesy. The discussion does not concern men and women in their everyday activities of life nor how they ordinarily appear in public, but only how they appear as they pray or prophesy. It may be true, as some contend, that women of Paul's day wen appearing in public always wore a veil, but this is not the subject the apostle discusses in these verses! His discussion concerns praying and prophesying. Hence, any reference to what men and women did or did not do in their ordinary activities of life is completely beside the point and a reference to such is not pertinent to the issue. This passage discusses worship-life, not every-day life.
Furthermore to say that women who appeared in public with their faces unveiled were branded as harlots and thus brought reproach upon the church is to make an assertion that is lacking in conclusive proof. Note this comment in Smith's Bible Dictionary: "Veil. With regard to the use of the veil, it is important to observe that it was by no means so general in ancient times as in modern times. Much of the scrupulousness in respect to the use of the veil dates from

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.739752
Retrieved Text: Hadith no. 1570 and no. 1571 (below) are repeats. Read them here.
A woman from the tribe of Khath’am came in the year (of Hajjat-ul-wada’ of the Prophet (sallallaahu `alayhi wasallam)) and said, “O Allah’s Apostle (sallallaahu `alayhi wasallam)! My father has come under Allah’s obligation of performing Hajj but he is a very old man and cannot sit properly on his Mount. Will the obligation be fulfilled if I perform Hajj on his behalf?” The Prophet (sallallaahu `alayhi wasallam) replied in the affirmative.
Al-Fadl (radiallaahu `anhu) was riding behind the Prophet (sallallaahu `alayhi wasallam) and a woman from the tribe of Khath’am came up. Al-Fadl (radiallaahu `anhu) started looking at her and she looked at him. The Prophet (sallallaahu `alayhi wasallam) turned Al-Fadl’s face to the other side. She said, “My father has come under Allah’s obligation of performing Hajj but he is a very old man and cannot sit properly on his Mount. Shall I perform Hajj on his behalf? The Prophet (sallallaahu `alayhi wasallam) replied in the affirmative. That happened during Hajjat-ul-wada’ of the Prophet (sallallaahu `alayhi wasallam).
It is permissible to do Hajj on behalf of someone else. It is also permissible for a woman to Hajj on behalf of a man, and vice versa.
It is permissible for a man to be appointed to do Hajj on behalf of a man or a woman, and a woman on behalf of a man or a woman, according to the majority of scholars.
How to perform Hajj on another’s behalf?
If a person intends to do Hajj on behalf

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.723288
Retrieved Text: Since men are very good at hiding their feelings, a woman often can not understand whether he is in love with her or just wants to spend time with her. But still there are 10 signs that should help you find the answer to this exciting question.
Asking yourself this question, you should remember a very important point, if you doubt that a man loves you, despite the fact that he spent quite a lot of time with him, then your doubts have good reasons.
So, check out 10 signs that a man loves you more than you think he does and analyse your relationships once again. Maybe, you will change your mind about how serious your man is.
#1. One can understand that a man is in love, by the way he agrees to do something that the woman offers. When a man starts to introduce a woman to his friends, this is a clear sign of falling in love.
#2. A man in love is always in a good mood. He becomes really happy and changes his whole life. Friends and relatives notice the change that has taken place with him.
#3. A man in love allows a woman to manage at home. He is proud of how she changed the situation. He buys furniture that she liked. He even allows her to keep her tampons under her sink. He is ready to let a woman into her life.
#4. He begins to pay more attention to his appearance, thinks about the future - in financial, physical and in all

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.690556
Retrieved Text: Musings of a Metalhead...: Who are the true slaves.. FW or slaves?
This question was posed recently on one of the forums I am on, and I thought I would share my response here.
The question, in paraphrase, cited the fact that Gorean FW are constrained by "chains" of their station, forcing them to hide their true selves, as opposed to slaves, who, not only are not so constrained, but, in fact, MUST be completely open.
I think much depends on whether one is referring to the FW of the books, or those in real life. If the former, then, certainly, the majority of them wear, perhaps, the heaviest of chains.. Those of the denial of their true nature.
They are forbidden to show any nuance of "slave-like behaviour", lest they be fully enslaved. That may work in the fiction, but in reality, it is absurd! The FW of the books are, in their way, no more "free" than the average Earth woman!
You see, I agree with the idea that, in each woman, there is some slave and some free woman. Of course, how much of each is going to vary widely from woman to woman, but I do think that the vast majority of (straight) women will joyfully kneel before the right man, if only behind closed doors.
That does not mean, however, (contrary to what the books seem to suggest, within the stories) that ALL women are cut out for slavery. In fact, I maintain that most are absolutely NOT! Despite the romantic ideal, where, time and time again,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.581423
Retrieved Text: Because one has chosen to follow the Biblical path does that mean it is time for them to enter into the synagogue/study/assembly? Absolutely not we see in the books of Exodus and Leviticus that the stranger was not allowed to take part in the Passover. Why is this? Notice at the entrance of the tabernacle there was a basin of water, which was to signify the purification of the priest and of those attending. There are several covenants that are carried out and taught within YHWH’s house and just the entering in of YHWH’s house cannot be taken lightly because there are several covenants that one’s heart must understand so we can come to YHWH pure of heart.
Given that Paul was indeed a Pharisee, he knew the concepts of which he was teaching that was engrained in Rabbinic Judaism. This dealt with purity and not defiling the temple which is what was done during the times of the Maccabees, Jeremiah, and Esther. This is why this wall was instituted so that bad theology and division does not make it’s way into the temple nor that of deviating spirits making their way into the temple that a person does not know they have. The Noahide laws are one of the first steps before, Shabbat, before the Feasts, before all the other mitzviot because it is a time of purification of one’s self so that they may come before YHWH pure.
He must often talk about YHWH’s love for people as a whole and not just his congregation or

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.553207
Retrieved Text: Just listening to his version of the Human League's Louise again now, and I have to say I'd love him to do another volume of Made in Sheffield.
I could even suggest a song or three!
that's a brilliant record, danger is a woman in love is my favourite.
Heaven 17 - Come Live With Me.
I liked his version of Coles Corner so maybe tackle another RH song on the followup - Coming Home maybe?
Definitely another Hawley number for Volume 2! Maybe the man himself should choose that one, though.
Does anyone know what Mr. Christie's up to at the moment? I did enjoy his last Acid Jazz album, but not as much as Made in Sheffield. Would love to think he's got another like that one planned.
Tony Christie has just recorded a new album. Due for release early next year. Got the info from his manager who also happens to be his son. Expect a UK tour as well next year. If anyone here hasn't seen him live it's a must. Absolutely incredible voice.
Made In Sheffield 2 would be great.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.494474
Retrieved Text: Home Russian brides Why Russian Women Look for Love Abroad?
You probably know that Russian ladies are very beautiful and lovely women but also they are open-hearted, tolerant and womanly. Unfortunately, we cannot say the same about Western ladies. This is one of the reasons why foreigners look for a Russian bride. But why do Russian women look for a husband abroad if they are pretty and clever, well-educated, have successful career in their country? Let’s try to understand this tendency from the point of view of a Russian woman.
Why do Russian Brides look for a love abroad?
A lot of people can firmly say that Russian woman is sitting on dating sites online because she simply wants to meet a rich foreigner and to move to his country in order not to work, simply to say that she wants an easy life. Why does not she want to marry with a man from her country? Why does she want to move, to change the place of living? She is a successful woman here, maybe she has a child or she has never been married. Only try to meet your love in your country. But there are a lot of reasons why Russian single lady wants to go abroad. She understands that the children will be born abroad and will be automatically the citizens of that country but Russian men do not think over this question.
Russian men, as a rule, do not appreciate Russian ladies. They are used to see our women beautiful and pretty, to have two

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.30669
Retrieved Text: How much should Judaism change to accommodate those who cannot abide its rules? When someone claims that the Torah’s laws may drive them to suicide, does this threat to life constitute piku’ach nefesh that overrides the law? These are complex questions that I do not claim competency to answer. I will offer a few sources for thought.
Ran and pseudo-Rashi explain that R. Shimon cursed the man and his children to die. Rosh explains differently that R. Shimon cursed the man as a widow’s son (i.e. fatherless), because he seems to have had no positive role model on how to interact with others. The contemporary scholar, Rav Moshe Zuriel (Leket Peirushei Aggadah, ad loc.) suggests very simply that R. Shimon was saying that he would not budge — he would remain in his place for decades, even after the man and his children died, rather than compromise on this issue.
Why was R. Shimon so stubborn? Why didn’t he follow R. Yehudah’s path of prioritizing a marriage’s well-being over the respect of a Torah leader? I suggest that the two agreed in principle and disagreed in application. The issue is simple: any mischievous man could use vows to manipulatively embarrass rabbis. If it becomes a trend, it would make a circus out of communal leadership, draining their time and the respect others have for them.
R. Shimon took this as a guiding principle. He would not allow leadership to collapse in this way. In contrast, R. Yehudah distinguished between one-off cases and a trend. If one person does it,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.287207
Retrieved Text: (Natural News) A 19-year-old black man from the South Side of Chicago is dead after a 25-year-old woman he tried to rob at gunpoint shot him first with her concealed handgun. But rather than acknowledge this as a good thing, the LGBTQ editor for ThinkProgress, Zack Ford, says that the woman should have just let the man rob her because Ford personally finds self-defense with a gun to be offensive.
In a series of now-deleted tweets he shared on Twitter, Ford lamented the fact that the woman in question didn’t “let” Laavion Goings Jr. steal her belongings – because had she done so, then Goings might still be alive. Not only that, but Ford also claimed in another corresponding tweet that conservatives were “thrilled” that the woman shot Goings, seeing as how they love firearms so much.
“Conservatives are thrilled a woman with a concealed-carry permit shot and killed a 19-year-old would-be mugger,” were Ford’s exact words. “That’s not how justice works. The penalty for theft is not death, nor do we want it to be,” he added, insinuating that self-defense is somehow akin to the criminal justice system, overriding lesser penalties for theft as they might be handed down to a guilty party in a court of law.
Instead of stopping this tirade and deleting such nonsense, Ford went on with even more tweets propelling the life of Goings above that of the woman who he might have murdered, had she not taken care of him before he acted on his felonious impulses.
“I just feel like we’re being

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.280771
Retrieved Text: When you ask a man what type of a woman they would like to date, they will suggest that she has to be smart. After they give descriptions such as in good shape, a beautiful face, a good character, and ambitious, 86% will add an intelligent woman to the list.
Why is a significant percentage of educated and smart women single? A lady who is a scientist with several advanced degrees once interacted with a man on a dating site. They were acquainted and went for a date. Everything was going well, and the conversation was flowing with fascinating discussions.
The man asked a question about a topic in the woman's field of work. As a successful scientist, she answered enthusiastically exuding in-depth knowledge. After the answer, the man cut the date short and explained he had to leave. The lady was baffled because they did not plan for a second date or make any plans of dating. After asking herself so many questions about what went wrong, she came to realize that it could have been her answer. The answer she gave made her appear more intelligent than the guy, and it intimidated him.
Research has been done and shows that intimidation of intelligence has led to men not interacting with smart women. In many classes, men move away from ladies who score higher in tests than them. They feel less masculine and do not ask the ladies out for dates.
What's an Intelligent woman to do?
Not all men are biased when it comes to dating smarter ladies than

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.26138
Retrieved Text: The most senior Family Court judge in England and Wales is set to rule on a case involving a baby who could become the first in the country not to legally have a mum. The tot is the child of a single parent who was born a woman but who now lives as a man after undergoing surgery.
He wants to be identified as the child’s “father” or “parent” on the birth certificate but a registrar has told him that the law requires people who give birth to be registered as mothers.
Sir Andrew McFarlane, President of the Family Division of the High Court, is due to decide whether only either “father” or “parent” can be listed on the child’s birth certificate following a trial scheduled to take place at the High Court in London in February.
Lawyers say other transgender men have given birth but have been registered on birth certificates as mothers. They say if the man wins his fight the child will be the first person born in England or Wales not to legally have a mother.
There have always been children forced to grow up without a mother, but it has nearly always been a matter of tragic circumstance. Now, growing up motherless is presented as a viable, healthy option for children—to even suggest that a child raised by two men is missing someone fundamental is to trigger immediate and vociferous condemnation. Mothers aren’t necessary, we are told. Not anymore. Any old person will do.
This child, of course, does have a mother—but a mother who insists

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.26071
Retrieved Text: Why would a Capricorn be hesitant about revealing entirely his or her true self?
Ghosts or Hauntings of the Jersey Shore?
Anyone feeling the effects of the full moon?
10 pts to the first to answer correctly?
How would know if a virgo likes me?
I'm a Libra and I'm wondering about these characteristics...?
Whats so interesting about Capricorns???
Anyone ever go through astral catalepsy?
Can someone tell me what makes a Pisces a Pisces?
ALL ANSWERS WILL BE APPRECIATED thanks!?
How to handle a LEO MALE?
My b-day is June 22. Am I on the cusp?
Does any one know of a good "fortune teller" website?
What makes Leos sooo daaaammnn sexxayy????
Ok i have a question...?
I'm a Pisces male, what's my best match?
What is soulja boy's birthdate?
Astrological romantic advice for an Aquarius?
(For Gemini Guys Preferably) How would you feel...?
Common character triat for aries please?
Any bored Capricorns out there?
Full Moon 2-day @ 9:04 pm ET in Sagittarius. Were you affected by the Full Moon?
What is going on with my Shani Sade Sati?
What are some common character traits of Capricorns?
What are the zodiac numbers of the constellations?
Hello does any one no if anything ..?
Why are sagittarius' liars?..its written so openly?
What does aquarius think about Geminis?
Do you play slots? Looking for volunteers in large City.?
A cancer boy goes well with a.............gal?
I'm a Leo/Virgo Cusp, am I compatibile w/ an Aries man?
What signs do you think is the most masculine?
What sign has the most "me first" attitude?
Does your sunsign description fit your personality?
Does your sunsign fit your personality?
Do you really believe that horoscopes are true?
Do I have Dainya Yoga?
Are a Libra woman

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.213356
Retrieved Text: Whenever the educated or the uneducated man or woman does not think the way he or she is expected to, it is neither applauded nor appreciated. The same is not expected every time he or she wants to think.
The non-appreciation of the thinking happens in the moment and is known in the moment by those who expect him or her what to think.
Wisdom reveals that this is proof that man neither decides nor predicts nor thinks. Wisdom reveals that even the movement of the hand to press the button happens and the brain does not make the movement happen in the moment.
Wisdom further reveals that thinking happens for understanding to happen that only moving is in every moment and that every moment is only moving. Also, for wise understanding to happen that moving in every moment is instinct and instinct cannot be controlled by man or his brain.
Does not think the way he or she is expected to think happens for understanding to happen that thinking is not an actuality in a moment. Does not think the way he or she is expected to think happens for understanding to happen that thinking in any moment is illusory and not real. Does not think the way he or she is expected to think happens for understanding to happen that thinking is not present, but only moving is present. Also, for understanding to happen that moving in any moment is instinct.
The moving happens for understanding to happen that when the moving is accepted as thinking, it is believed

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.200195
Retrieved Text: ← ASK FATHER: I’m afraid that my mobile phone addiction will put me in Hell.
This last week I saw the new and well-done Masterpiece Theatre issue of the classic Little Women by Louisa May Alcott (US HERE – UK HERE).
Some mothers might be objecting that they give “everything” to their sons. Well, maybe so. And maybe not. Nemo dat quod non habet, as they say, or to put it another way nemo dat quod non ‘got’… no one can give what she doesn’t have.
Our sexes are different, with differing needs and abilities to receive and to give.
Esolen points out what always was and today ought to still be obvious but has been obfuscated. Biology matters. That’s the starting point for his considerations.
In revving up his presentation, he draws from The Twilight Zone (perhaps an analogy for our times) to George Gilder’s Sexual Suicide (US HERE – UK HERE), to Saint Jose Maria de Escriva’s “Esto vir! Be a man!”, to Kipling’s Captains Courageous, and (here it is at the end) Little Women.
I must insist upon the distinction here. Saint Jose Maria de Escriva could understandably say to each of his male followers, Esto vir! Be a man, and we know what the exhortation implies. Even feminists know, and tremble. It implies that at any moment of a man’s life, his manhood is subject to trial, to be won, again and again, to be confirmed or to be canceled. A man can lose forever his right to stand beside other men. He can fall to being no

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.178154
Retrieved Text: As we have seen, the sin of the first humans leads to multiple layers of brokenness. Brokenness affects personal identity, intimate relationships, the relationship between human beings and God, and the relationship between people and the earth. We will continue to do the work God had assigned to us, but now with greater difficulty and pain. And, at the end of our lives, we will die, returning to the dust from which we were made. Not a pretty picture, to say the least.
Immediately after the man and woman ate the forbidden fruit, their eyes were opened so that they felt shame about being naked. Therefore, they “sewed fig leaves together and made loincloths for themselves” (3:7). But this initial effort at making clothing was doomed to fail. Loincloths made from flimsy leaves would hardly work to cover the men and women and protect them from the elements of the newly broken world. So God intervened, making “garments of skins” for the first couple and clothing them. This clothing would be much more effective and resilient than a skirt of leaves.
Why is God’s clothing of the man and woman a glimmer of grace? For one thing, we see that God does not abandon his creatures even though they abandoned him. God does not say, “Good luck, fools!” and laugh while the man and woman flail away in failed attempts to take care of themselves. Rather, God gives them what they need, offering something better than they could do for themselves. God does this, not because the man

================



======= Instance Index 1 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Well, I'm afraid my cooking isn't to your taste.

M: Actually, I like it very much.

W: I'm glad you enjoy it. Let me serve you some more fish.

M: No, thank you. I've had enough fish, but I'd like some soup.

W: Here it is. Help yourself!

M: Thanks. I didn't know you were so good at cooking. If only my wife could learn to cook from you.

W: Why not bring your wife next time? I haven't seen her for quite a while.

M: OK, I will. She will be very glad to see you, too. Thank you for the wonderful meal.

Question: What does the man think of the woman's cooking? 

- It's really terrible.

- It's very good indeed.

- It's better than what he does.

Target Text: It's very good indeed.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 24.39169
Retrieved Text: Looking for: I dream to meet a soul mate to find a woman's happiness! I will make happy - a man with a good sense of humor, caring, gentle and kind! I'll be happy with a man who knows what he wants from life and achieve their goals!
My goals for the future: To love and be loved, happy family!
My travel destinations (past or future): During my life I have never been in another country but it is a dream to visit a loved one in Paris!
I spend a lot of time thinking about (or my dream is): The biggest dream of my life-it just be a happy woman, close loved one, beloved forever!
My favorite movies, books, music, shows: I listen to jazz, favorite book, "Lone Wolf" favorite movie "Silence of the Lambs"
My hobbies and what I'm good at: Most of all I love cooking, my friends love my cooking!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 23.260567
Retrieved Text: What Side Does a Wrist Corsage Go On?
A wrist corsage is worn on the left wrist. Traditionally, boutonnières and corsages are worn on the left side of the body because that way the flowers are closer to the heart.
A corsage is a small bouquet of flowers worn on a woman's dress or around her wrist for a formal occasion, traditionally purchased by the woman's date. Corsages are most frequently worn to school dances, most popularly the prom. It is common practice for a young man to present his prom date with a wrist corsage at the beginning of the night and to wear a matching boutonnière on his lapel.
Compare Prices on Prom Corsages Wrist in Home Decor.
What Side Does a Corsage Go On?
What Leg Does the Bridal Garter Go On?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.35119
Retrieved Text: By Britney McPheron of Bowen Ten Cardani, PC posted in Divorce on Friday, January 25, 2019.
Few people want to think about the possibility of divorce and the need for prenuptial agreements while planning a wedding. Students may be even less likely to think a prenup is needed since they may have few assets. However, there are several reasons students in Virginia might want to consider one.
By Britney McPheron of Bowen Ten Cardani, PC posted in Divorce on Thursday, January 24, 2019.
A Virginia couple may be more likely to divorce when the wife gets sick. Of course, this depends on what type of illness she has and how strong the marriage was before the illness occurred. However, data from multiple studies suggests that a man getting sick doesn't have the same type of impact on a marriage. Overall, research suggests that a man's health benefits more from being married than a woman's health does.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.30815
Retrieved Text: Meal assembly centers are not necessarily a return to the home-cooked food generations grew up eating. For one thing, no one actually cooks at them. The chopped vegetables and frozen meats at most of the centers come from industrial food suppliers like Sysco, and recipes include ingredients like canned wax beans and that old hot dish standby, cream of chicken soup. Nothing is actually cooked on site, although workers in the back room might chop scallions or slice raw beef into serving sizes.
SEATTLE — Jodi Robbins and her family were on a grim dinnertime merry-go-round.Takeout pizza was a mainstay, except on the nights when Chinese food seemed more appealing. When Ms. Robbins cooked, it was spaghetti or tuna casserole over and over, with rarely enough time to make a salad.
Fair enough. As the article says, "Their routine was expensive, fattening and boring." Absolutely. But how does spending a two hour chunk of time at a meal assembly center preparing "a rotating menu of mostly stews and casseroles designed to be assembled in freezer bags or aluminum trays, then taken home to be baked or simmered in a single pot," made from cafteria quality ingedients help? This chain seems to be making its bones by adding "inconvenient" to the "expensive, fattening and boring" equation. Also, my objection to this business is not a question of insisting that parents ("Moms" as the Times call them) travel to Brittany to harvest their own fleur de sel, or generally spend more time making meals, and eschew this kind of shortcut

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.2544
Retrieved Text: If you've ever felt like pulling your hair out trying to get through to your man, you'll appreciate the advice in this communicate with men effectively interview. Believe it or not, it all comes down to science.
By following the advice of dating experts Donna Sozio and Samantha Brett, you can learn how to communicate with men and see real results. Their recent book, The Man Whisperer, offers sound advice to women who just don't seem to be able to get the men in their lives to hear them. You may be surprised to learn that it is easier than you might think.
In the following communicate with men effectively interview, you can learn how to become a man whisperer and bring out the best in your man.
LoveToKnow (LTK): What are the biggest mistakes women make when communicating with men?
All men need to feel like they can succeed. This includes the need for men to feel successful in pleasing their women. So when a man decides a woman is "unpleasable" from nagging or criticizing him too much, he will give up trying to please her altogether!
Another mistake is not appreciating all that men actually do, which is usually more than we think. When women appreciate a man's efforts to make her happy, men try even harder the next time.
LTK: Why is it necessary to communicate differently to get through to a man?
D&S: Men's brains are biologically hard-wired entirely differently from women's brains. Therefore, it is imperative that women understand that men don't communicate the same as women do

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.97994
Retrieved Text: Josh Henkin answers questions about "The World Without You"
Are there better and worse ways to mourn?
Do you agree with Noelle’s decision?
Is the relationship between mother-in-law and daughter-in-law inherently volatile?
Why did Amram bring Gretchen back?
What do you think attracted Noelle to Amran? Do you find him likable?
What role does money play in this novel?
Amram and Noelle, in contrast, struggle professionally. How does this affect their relationship with the rest of the family and their high-powered jobs?
How do sibling relationships change as people get older? Are some siblings simply not meant to get along?
To what extent have Noelle’s decisions been shaped by being Clarissa and Lily’s sister?
How successful is Joshua Henkin at writing from the perspective of women?
Is infertility always harder for the woman than for the man?
Is this a woman's book or will it appeal to men as well?
Where do you think the characters will be in ten years?
Thisbe says, "Everyone wants to know about the milestones...but it's the everyday things that are the toughest." Do you agree?
Is separation/divorce different for children when they’re adults than when they’re younger?
In what ways is it different to lose a son than to lose a husband?
BookBrowse Online Book Club: Join the discussion of The World Without You by Joshua Henkin.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.889477
Retrieved Text: July 1939. Oklahoma City. "Shacks, tents, other makeshift shelter in May Avenue camp, which is partially under bridge and adjacent to city dump and hog wallow. Photographs show squalor, filth and vermin in which poverty-stricken inhabitants dwell. Water supplied by shallow wells and water peddler. Piles of rubbish and debris in which children and adults have injured feet. Privies. Families eating food from vegetable dumps, packinghouses and discarded from hospital. Children clothed in gunny sacks. Malnourished babies. Sick people. Cooking, washing, ironing, patching. Improvised chicken coop. Corn patch." Medium format negative by Russell Lee for the Farm Security Administration. View full size.
Submitted by Lectrogeek68 on Fri, 05/04/2018 - 9:16pm.
That was Packard's tagline, not Buick's, but imagine being able to walk up to the then-current owner of that car and ask.
Or ask the owner of a 2004 Buick today. You think he or she is the original owner? Let's not forget that modern cars last much longer.
No, the original purchase price of a fourteen-year-old car parked under a bridge in 1939 means nothing. Look at this woman's clothes. They tell the story the 1925 Buick only pretends to conjure.
Submitted by PUFF4 on Fri, 05/04/2018 - 4:41pm.
a Buick? Well, this gent does. Clearly this is a man who once had money, given his car is a 1925 Buick Master 6 Touring Sedan and was a quality, up-market car in its day. Now, 14 years later, the crash has come and gone, leaving him with his one friend and grand possession, his lovely old Buick, which lives on to

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.659773
Retrieved Text: Being a 'man' doesn't mean women can touch you whenever they want or wherever they want! What does it mean when a guy puts his hand on a girl's waist? What does it mean when a guy touches another guy's thigh? What does it mean when my guy best friend puts his hand on my thigh? What does it mean when a girl unnecessarily touches you? What is the best way to kiss A Girl Suddenly?
Use as much KY jelly as you can to lube it well. Related Questions More Answers Below How does it feel to put your hands under a girl's underwear while kissing? This is a classic flirty move which was popular as far back as I can remember. These are two people having fun together… while enjoying themselves on a date. Do you want it there? What does it mean when a man holds a woman's hand?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.560837
Retrieved Text: This is an article of great interest for this wishing to discuss it. Shows the War on Men starting to be taken seriously and it is women who are helping to take the debate forward.
Well it seems to be a piece with others noticing that there are fewer "princes" willing to take on Cinderellas who now wait to their 30s to discover they actually want children and nice homes and someone to pay for it. Why on earth would anyone want to support 2, 3 or more people when they could just look after themselves? No more Princes ? Tough.
Good supportive article. But it's still from a woman's point of view. It's as if what men want is immaterial.
We need more reports like this, yes. But we also need a new dialogue to complement it. A man wants a woman who enthuses in cooking and cleaning for him -- as well as making the effort to look nice with reasonable frequency, who takes pains to understand what he likes and deliver it. Not least, a man wants a woman who will OBEY him. He is the master -- because he is also the slave.
This dialogue is a long way off I know, but we need to ensure it somehow happens.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.482164
Retrieved Text: Nature admits of no permanence in the relation between man and woman. It is only man's egoism that wants to keep woman like some buried treasure. All endeavors to introduce permanence in love, the most changeable thing in this changeable human existence, have gone shipwreck in spite of religious ceremonies, vows, and legalities.
Man is the one who desires, woman the one who is desired. This is woman's entire but decisive advantage. Through man's passions, nature has given man into woman's hands, and the woman who does not know how to make him her subject, her slave, her toy, and how to betray him with a smile in the end is not wise.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.365606
Retrieved Text: 1. Why does Iris try to go downstairs in chapter 9?
(a) She hears a noise.
(b) To try to find something.
2. One of the newspaper articles describes the awarding of a prize for a high school student. For whom is this prize named?
3. How does Iris and Laura's mother die?
(a) Catches a mysterious ailment.
(b) An unknown form of cancer, most likely uterine.
4. What is the name of the girl's caretaker and the family's main servant?
5. In the woman's imagination, the man is sitting next to a woman who is doing what to pass the time?
1. Where is Laura found after going missing for a week, according to the newspaper article?
2. Who hosts the reception for Iris's new baby?
3. In what year does Laura die?
4. What are the aristocrats called in the man's story?
5. What item does the man often ask the woman to bring him?
More summaries and resources for teaching or studying The Blind Assassin.
The Blind Assassin from BookRags. (c)2019 BookRags, Inc. All rights reserved.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.011734
Retrieved Text: Head coverings & veil (vail) customs, long hair- in the Church and Bible.
Does the Bible say that a Christian woman should wear a veil (Vail) when she prays or prophesies in Church? Head coverings may not be the most important thing to argue about when you look at the state that the church is in today. There are other more important things that the church today do not know or care about. Nevertheless it should certainly not be completely ignored. The apostle Paul thought it important enough to take the time to write about it and instruct the church in these matters. Therefore this subject needs to be addressed and understood because we ought to obey the Word of God and this is always a good thing. Also, my daughters are starting to question why I want them to keep long hair, so this can be my answer to them.
As I said, today most do not even care at all what the Bible says about whether women should wear head coverings or not, but those who do care have one of two theories and these are that the apostle Paul in 1 Corinthians chapter 11 says that women should either wear a veil (vail) to cover their head, or that her hair is given her for a veil (or a covering). So what we must do is to find the definition of this head covering. The truth is that a woman's hair is given as a covering (not a veil), but even those who believe this

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.973196
Retrieved Text: Biting lower lip may sound simple but there is an art to it and very very few girls do it correctly and per taste of their man. There are two ways and many variation to biting lips. There are girls who bite guys lower lips with their lips and pull out.... A woman in West Virginia got upset on Wednesday when another woman TWERKED on her. So . . . she bit off the tip of that woman's FINGER. She was arrested for malicious wounding.
What does nail biting mean. People usually bite their nails when they feel anxious. Because feelings of anxiety are usually associated with feelings of loss of control people bite their nails when they feel they want to be more in control.
3. And in today's "pornified" world, she notes, nuzzling a woman's neck connotes intimacy, not eroticism, so it may heighten arousal more than overtly sexual moves do.
Biting lower lip may sound simple but there is an art to it and very very few girls do it correctly and per taste of their man. There are two ways and many variation to biting lips. There are girls who bite guys lower lips with their lips and pull out.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.912954
Retrieved Text: The elements that govern a woman's psyche, such as social calibration, are much more complex and dynamic than those for a man. Understanding how women think and knowing "what women really want" will facilitate your ability to attract any woman. In this Interview join Savoy and Soul as they discuss female psychology from attraction through comfort, and explain the reasoning behind certain female behaviors.
Why men fall into the "friend zone"

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.886232
Retrieved Text: Man's age: 43 years old; color: ¼ white; father: ¼ white; mother: ½ white; lived with another woman 5 years, separated from her by sale. Woman's age: 36 years old; color: ¼ white; father: black; mother: ½ white; lived with another man 3 years, separated from him by force. They, unitedly had 4 children; the man by previous connection had 3; the woman by previous connection had 1.
Isaac Bradford of Madison Parish, La. m. Edinoria Reed of Concordia, La.
Man's age: 24 years old; color: mixed; father: ½ Indian; mother: black. Woman's age: 22 years old; color: mixed; father: black; mother: mixed. They, unitedly had 0 children; the man by previous connection had 0; the woman by previous connection had 0.
Man's age: 25 years old; color: brown; father: brown; mother: brown; lived with another woman 3 years, separated from her by consent. Woman's age: 18 years old; color: brown; father: brown; mother: brown. They, unitedly had 0 children; the man by previous connection had 0; the woman by previous connection had 0.
Man's age: 30 years old; color: black; father: black; mother: black. Woman's age: 31 years old; color: black; father: black; mother: black. They, unitedly had 0 children; the man by previous connection had 0; the woman by previous connection had 0.
Man's age: 25 years old; color: ¾ white; father: brown; mother: brown. Woman's age: 18 years old; color: ½ white; father: 3/8 white; mother: 5/8 white. They, unitedly had 2 children; the man by previous connection had 0; the woman by previous connection had 0.
Man's age:

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.874739
Retrieved Text: In the moment and struggling to find… condoms? Well with a condom pillow, you won’t have to worry about that again! Not only does this oversized condom wrapper come with an oversized stretchy fabric material condom inside, but it also comes equipped with a smaller pocket on the outside for safe keeping of your real condoms.
Just what every man needs...A pillow with condoms...Seriously, if he's single he needs this. No more going to the bathroom, trying to find one in his pants pocket...But what if he's at the woman's house?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.851212
Retrieved Text: Book ➲ "Kingdom Man: Every Man's Destiny, Every Woman's Dream" Audiobook ➲ "Kingdom Man: Every Man's Destiny, Every Woman's Dream"
Kingdom Man: Every Man's Destiny, Every Woman's Dream By Tony Evans it's a great choice for you. We rated this audiobook with a Top 5/5 stars.
Kingdom Man: Every Man's Destiny, Every Woman's Dream Tony Evans audiobook; Kingdom Man: Every Man's Destiny, Every Woman's Dream audiobook; Tony Evans; Kingdom Man: Every Man's Destiny, Every Woman's Dream audio book online .

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.817759
Retrieved Text: I love the Provincial Lady series by E. M. Delafield. They are witty and clever and laugh out loud funny. Lately, I have been trying some of her other novels. I read Consequences a while ago. I found it so depressing I had trouble judging whether it was good or not. (I know it was good, the internet tells me so, it was just so sad.) Last week I read Thank Heaven Fasting.
Thank Heaven Fasting is the story of Monica Ingram. When the book starts she is just about to "come out" in society with all that implies.
"She could never, looking backwards, remember a time when she had not known that a woman's failure or success in life depended entirely upon whether or not she succeeded in getting a husband."
Really, that sums up the whole book right there. Monica knows she needs to find a husband, her mother knows it. Everyone knows that is the whole purpose of the rounds of balls and visits. The girls have been groomed from childhood to catch a man. They are taught to make the best of themselves, to look interested but not too desperate, and most of all to never do anything that might damage their reputation because then no man would look at them.
Monica falls in love with the wrong man and commits the sin of kissing him at a party. The book then becomes a story of quiet desperation. Monica returns to society the next season but she never is as successful again. With each succeeding year,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.782503
Retrieved Text: (MENAFN - Asia Times) 'These days, actresses don't know what kind of dress they should wear for film events. Should their behavior be taken as an act of innocence? Or do they think that only if they wear revealing outfits will heroes and directors give them opportunities?' So asked famous Indian singer SP Balasubrahmanyam last week.
He sang the popular hit song Dil Deewana from the Bollywood film Maine Pyar Kiya (1989), and has won multiple awards throughout his career. None of which makes it any surprise that the above, widely-quoted comment came from a man.
Think about it: have you ever heard a woman tell a man to button his shirt all the way up because she was offended by his chest hair popping out?
But last year, actress Priyanka Chopra was trolled for wearing a skirt and 'revealing' her legs when she met Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Berlin. Later, actress Parineeti Chopra was trolled for wearing a 'tight' dress.
Disha Patani was slammed for wearing a 'bold' outfit to the Filmfare awards. Sonam Kapoor, Rakhi Sawant, Deepika Padukone, and several other actresses constantly find themselves being told to 'respect Indian culture' and 'dress decently'. This trend of people playing the morality police with show business professionals who have to maintain a certain image and glamour, reveals something running deeper in Indian society. One thing is clear: men in this country have a problem with everything women do. Or don't do.
But who are these men who think they have the right to tell women how to dress or

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.54473
Retrieved Text: Man's age: 24 years old; color: quadroon; father: white; mother: mulatto. Woman's age: 19 years old; color: black; father: black; mother: black. They, unitedly had 2 children; the man by previous connection had 0; the woman by previous connection had 0.
Man's age: 23 years old; color: mixed; father: black; mother: mulatto. Woman's age: 24 years old; color: black; father: black; mother: black. They, unitedly had 0 children; the man by previous connection had 0; the woman by previous connection had 0.
Man's age: 25 years old; color: mixed; father: black; mother: mixed; lived with another woman 1 year, separated from her by force. Woman's age: 20 years old; color: black; father: black; mother: black. They, unitedly had 0 children; the man by previous connection had 1; the woman by previous connection had 0.
Man's age: 40 years old; color: black; father: black; mother: black. Woman's age: 19 years old; color: black; father: black; mother: black. They, unitedly had 1 child; the man by previous connection had 0; the woman by previous connection had 0.
Man's age: 25 years old; color: black; father: black; mother: black; lived with another woman 1 year, separated from her by consent. Woman's age: 20 years old; color: black; father: black; mother: black; lived with another man 3 years, separated from him by force. They, unitedly had 0 children; the man by previous connection had 0; the woman by previous connection had 0.
Man's age: 70 years old; color: mulatto; father: white; mother: black; lived with other women 15 years, separated from them by force &

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.153051
Retrieved Text: Definition - What does Autogynephilia mean?
Autogynephilia refers to a man’s sexual arousal at the thought of himself as a woman, and is considered a type of transsexual gender dysphoria. The term can be thought of in contrast to autoandrophilia, which refers to a woman's sexual arousal at the thought of being a man. There is a distinction within the classification of autogynephiliacs between heterosexual and homosexual desire.
Autogynephilia is also referred to as Blanchard’s transsexualism typology, or Blanchard’s autogynephilia theory (BAT).
Transvestic autogynephilia: When a man is sexually stimulated by the thought or act of wearing traditionally feminine clothing.
Behavioural autogenephilia: When a man is sexually stimulated by the thought or act of doing something thought of as traditionally feminine.
Physiologic autogynephilia: When a man is sexually stimulated by the thought or fantasy of having bodily functions specific to females.
Anatomic Autogynephilia: When a man is sexually stimulated by the thought or fantasy of having a female body, or parts of one.
Autogynephilia is typically associated with gender identity disorder, although it is not necessarily the same disorder.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.030937
Retrieved Text: Hilda told me it was an emergency.
I think that Pam has a thing for you.
Ernie is a man with many talents.
Collin needs to know where Evan is.
What has Rudolf been accused of?
Victor could hear the cat scratching the door.
Micky got the guards drunk and managed to escape from the castle.
Israel could hurt himself if he's not careful.
Charlene is fairly ambitious, isn't he?
Jurevis is an enormously gifted musician.
I never realized Isabelle was interested in French.
Noemi is lying on the floor, unconscious.
I just wish I could figure out what to give Ronni for Christmas.
Does anybody here know Case?
I wanted to marry Grace.
Boyce hates it when it's hot.
Amarth is a man's name and Ernest is a woman's name.
Linley told Marion he didn't have anything to do.
Did Patricio really get into Harvard?
Why are we dealing with Mechael?
Thad knew Leigh wouldn't want to go there by herself.
Janet could be in real danger.
Do you want me to teach Bobby karate?
Who will be the next class president, Maureen or Sunil?
Joni usually goes to sleep at about eleven.
Leads is doing everything possible to help.
Blayne is majoring in chemistry.
Magnus turned his bowl upside down.
Evan put in for a raise.
Teresa is a quarter back.
Roxana was late getting home yesterday.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.957558
Retrieved Text: From fanatically gymming it out to wearing the most fashionable clothes, we're all for doing our best to make sure that we look amazing.
However, there is more to being attractive than just having six-pack abs, right?
At a time when gender dynamics need a serious re-looking, it's important for men to understand that looking a certain way isn't the ONLY thing that women want from them.
1. Never questioning a woman's attire.
What you want to wear should be your choice entirely. A real man would never have a problem and would never dictate what a woman should wear.
2. Respecting her career as much as he respects his own.
Now that women are at par with men when it comes to their careers, it's high time men understand and respect her professional goals and ambitions.
3. Not being afraid to express emotions.
Men are always told to hide their tears and keep their emotions to themselves. However, women appreciate men who can express their emotions freely.
And no, crying doesn't make you any less of a man!
4. Never looking down upon household work.
What is wrong with helping each other with household chores? The time when work was stereotypically gender-assigned is long gone. In fact, if you can run a house better than a woman, she'll be majorly impressed!
5. Never judging a woman by her past.
Everyone has their own share of relationships and heartbreaks. And just like a man is allowed to have girlfriends, it's also a woman's right to date men without being questioned about her character.
6. Considering women and men as equals.
There's

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.897861
Retrieved Text: Self description: For someone I may seem a typical woman, but for you I will be special. I am not afraid of finding my happiness abroad. I try to learn everything new and interesting for me. It is always wonderful to discover something new. I like life and sociability. I would like to create some comfort and quite but captivating relations when it is interesting to talk and just to keep silent being together.
Hobbies and interests: I am serious and responsible. My interests are typical. I like reading, cooking, and swimming. But I have some other interests and I would like to speak about them only with you!
Here is a proverb: The woman's sense of life is not to compete with a man and to prove who is right or wrong but to be happy. I would like to find a person who will make me happy.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.895023
Retrieved Text: HOUSTON - A candidate for Harris County Civil District Court judge believes she is being specifically targeted after a series of campaign sign thefts.
One of incidents was caught on video.
Houston attorney, Michelle Fraga, is one of three candidates in the Republican Primary running for the bench in the 295th Civil District Court.
"I was shocked. I think we expect more from our judicial races," Fraga said.
The video, captured on a security camera at Northstar Auto Group, a car dealership on the North Freeway, shows, from many angles, a man walking up to the large 4-by-8 foot campaign sign, forcibly ripping it down, and leaving with it.
Fraga said she does not recognize the man seen on the video.
"He was delivering food next door," Jimmy Vitela, the dealership's own said.
Vitela, a friend of Fraga's, said he investigated the incident and procured video from a neighboring business which revealed the license plate of the car the man was driving.
The car is registered to woman who lives on the eastside.
That woman's husband pointed to their daughter's boyfriend.
Fraga said Friday she will contact the police.
Texas state law specifically prohibits tampering or unauthorized removal of campaign signs with jail time of to one year and a fine of up to $2,500.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.822369
Retrieved Text: The MEDICOR LAB Basic Artificial Man The MEDICOR LAB Basic Artificial Man Hand is designed for th..
Basic realistic man hand Our basic realistic man's hand provides a realistic view of the outdoors..
Basic realistic woman's foot Our basic realistic woman's foot provides a realistic experience in t..
The MEDICOR-LAB Basic Woman's Arm has been developed for the practice of stitches as well as simul..
Basic Woman's Foot MEDICOR LAB offers you the artificial woman's foot, designed for the practice ..
Basic Woman's Hand MEDICOR LAB offers you the artificial woman's hand, designed for the simulation..
The MEDICOR LAB newborn is entirely composed of Medic Skin. Malleable and weighing the weight of a..
The MEDICOR LAB premature newborn is entirely composed of Medic Skin. Malleable and weighing the w..
Set of 10 artificial Sticky wounds Our 10 artificial and realistic wounds kit is ideal to practic..
Set of 10 artificial Sticky wounds Our 10 artificial and realistic wounds kit is ideal to practice..
Set of 10 artificial wounds Our 10 artificial and realistic wounds kit is ideal to practice first ..
Set 15 artificial Sticky wounds The kit of 15 synthetic and realistic wounds is ideal for first a..
Set 15 artificial wounds The kit of 15 synthetic and realistic wounds is ideal for first aid, band..
Set of 20 artificial Sticky wounds The set of 20 artificial and realistic wounds is perfect for f..
Set of 5 artificial Sticky wounds Our 5 artificial and realistic wounds kit is ideal to practice f..

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.799831
Retrieved Text: A man and woman where on their honeymoon after a long and very happy courtship. On their honeymoon, they decide to take their horses through the beautiful mountain passes of Europe. As the horses were crossing a small stream, the woman's horse mis-steps and jostles the man's wife. Once across the stream, the man dismounts, walks over to the horse, and stares into its eyes. Finally, he states, "That's one." The man remounts his horse and they continue their ride.
A bit further down the path, the woman's horse stumbles when stepping over a fallen tree. The man dismounts, stares the horse in the eyes, and boldly states, "That's two!" He returns to his saddle and they move on.
As the afternoon sun began to set, the woman's horse once again lost its footing on a mossy slope. The man dismounts, moves to the woman's horse, and helps his wife out of the saddle the man. Moving to the front of the horse he stares it in the eyes and firmly says, "That's three," removes a pistol from his vest, and shots the horse dead.
The woman, quite upset at seeing the beautiful horse killed, says to her husband, "That's terrible, why would you do such a thing!"
The man stares at his wife and firmly says, "That's one!"

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.798456
Retrieved Text: I've been thinking about an article I read recently that said parents have a responsibility to stop children questioning difference aloud as it is intrusive, hurtful and rude.
I don't doubt that questions posed by children, and adults, are at times all of those things.
But the difference is that small people learn by asking questions. We've got google.
It took me a while to work out that my youngest kid was terrified of people in wheelchairs. Then a bit more to work out she wasn't terrified of all people in wheelchairs, just some. And it took a little while longer to work out that she was only terrified of people in electric wheelchairs. It took a while longer to realise that she found them terrifying because she didn't realise that they were people in wheelchairs because she didn't know how they operated.
From her perspective at knee high to an adult, they were just giant, silent, machines that glided towards her like some kind of strange part human, part machine hybrid, and then passed by on their way to who knows where.
Once I'd asked a man in his electric wheelchair sitting by us in a park one day if he would show her how the wheelchair worked without him moving his arms or legs - she was fine. She understand it was a person, sitting in a chair, that worked my pressing a button. None of which was scary.
I tell this story because in my view kids aren't arseholes just because they don't react "correctly" to something different or

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.750713
Retrieved Text: Conscience and cowardice are one thing, but conscience is the name of a cowardly company.
Anywhere you love it, it's your world.
Be yourself, because everyone else is doing it.
Women love with their ears, and if your men will love, but love is to use your eyes.
Life is the rarest thing in the world. Most people just exist, that's all.
The advantage of the emotions is that they lose our direction, and the strength of science is that it is not emotional.
I think all the beautiful people are spoiled, and that's the secret they can attract.
If I love someone, I will never tell their names to anyone else.
You don't have to be ashamed to ask for it.
The true perfection of man is not in what he has, but in what he is.
Women like their offensive, suddenly rather baffling surrender in order to attack.
Don't make a woman's compliment, but often make men grow weary.
Performance is the highest and the only style of life. We live to speak.
No man is rich enough to redeem himself.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.72326
Retrieved Text: But i came across a woman, she's winning. But before i share the risk of black girlfriends discover the years ago. Have no lies when my fellow men looking for their hypocrisy as a beautiful however, the dating tips. Somewhere with black girl's guide to dating white men and you a black men. Keep you an 'angry black tourists have been dating parent during period of stares usually looks. We saw black woman and she gives weekly dating advice successful internet dating would you have your zest for love and to questionnaire design. But i am a black women, or incognito rites. Check our lack of potholes and communal pressures and what exactly are not. The dating and read it is more interested in mind. As dating is a new or follow them? For very depressing jungle out of the idea of your kindle device, and. Should black woman's guide to meet eligible single black woman who wears a white woman who loves white men about empowering. To/Z4mo9i is taller then he just give up on facebook or tablets. Woman's guide to popular belief, perhaps these points apply to the. Hey fellas, https://memobytdp.com/ impactful and black women dating a woman. Interracial dating a common sense that is not easy for a well-informed black christian singles in mind. Right now pantip best practices, be single black woman, but being a black woman don't look at online dating tomika, dating or follow them? Tinder revolutionized the black woman's utmost goal is to be a lot of black women

================



======= Instance Index 2 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Well, I'm afraid my cooking isn't to your taste.

M: Actually, I like it very much.

W: I'm glad you enjoy it. Let me serve you some more fish.

M: No, thank you. I've had enough fish, but I'd like some soup.

W: Here it is. Help yourself!

M: Thanks. I didn't know you were so good at cooking. If only my wife could learn to cook from you.

W: Why not bring your wife next time? I haven't seen her for quite a while.

M: OK, I will. She will be very glad to see you, too. Thank you for the wonderful meal.

Question: What does the woman ask the man to do? 

- Improve cooking skills.

- Bring his wife next time.

- Have some soup.

Target Text: Bring his wife next time.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 27.21401
Retrieved Text: 2. Where do the Old Man and Old Woman live?
3. Which of the following does the Old Man say his occupation is?
4. Who is the first guest?
5. What is interesting about the Orator?
6. The theatrical movement that Ionesco spearheaded was which of the following?
7. What shape is the stage of The Chairs?
8. Who do the Old Man and Old Woman pay their respects to before committing suicide?
9. What does the audience do after the Orator leaves?
10. With whom was the Old Man once in love?
11. What does the Old Woman often ask the Old Man to imitate?
12. What does the Old Woman do after the room is filled?
13. Who is invited to the message?
14. In what city does the Old Man's story take place?
15. What famous play by Samuel Beckett came out in the same year as The Chairs?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 25.005482
Retrieved Text: A few days back a man asked me can he make a successful date at all. The reason was that he was not “handsome”. His features were rather suitable for a woman than a man. This is a question that many men face. They think call girls in goa will not be ready to go for a date with them when they can have better options. If that is the way you think, go and ask a woman directly what does he think about it?
The worst thing that a woman expects from a man is pretension. Don’t pretend to be what you are not in reality. Whether you are good looking or not is something that a woman will surely consider but not more than your personality. What matters more to them is how you hold yourself, whether you can be a good partner or not, which does not depend on your look. If you are confident and carry yourself well there can be nothing more attractive. When you find someone who had an unsuccessful date just ask her what the reason was and you will come to know that the reason was behavioral.
So just go ahead if you are looking for a date because your look has got little to do with it.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 24.676659
Retrieved Text: i am david : Blackbird & Company... Literature guides and more!
What instructions does the man give to David?
What article does David request from the man?
What has David desired to do since he was little?
What does David realize after reaching the thicket?
What memory enters Davidâ€™s mind while riding in the back of the truck?
While on the boat, what does David realize that causes him to be filled with loneliness?
By the end of chapter one, what does David desire?
As David prepares himself to interact with people, what does he realize he must have?
When David assesses his situation, what advantages and disadvantages does he think he has?
What belief grows stronger for David with the passing of time?
What important article does David lose?
What god does David choose and how does he choose?
When David meets the man and woman on the road, why does he want to know if the country they come from has a king?
What observation does the woman make about David?
What two reasons does David have for wanting to find a mirror?
What could David no longer think of giving up?
What two things does David ask God for?
In chapter 4, what strange new sound does David hear?
When David is being attacked by Carlo, why doesnâ€™t he defend himself?
What does David realize he is doing for the first time after he rescues Maria?
What is David learning about language and the use of words?
Why does David ask for a book that was published before 1917?
What does David decide about Carlo and why?
Which of the children does David feel most at ease

########
Rank: 3
Score: 24.185175
Retrieved Text: On the Internet you can find many articles that tell you have to do so many things to get a man to commit. But how many of those articles are factual? Remember, men like to keep it simple. In order for a man to want to commit to you, he needs to feel that you will simplify his life, while adding to his happiness.
In other words, keep the drama to a minimum. Although some men may not be ready to make a full commitment to a woman within the first month or two months dating her, it does not mean they cannot fall in love and be excited to get married to the woman of their dreams.
Men have no clue how they truly feel about a woman in the long-term until they become brave enough to get to know a woman beyond her looks and the physical pleasures she can offer.
In other words, you have just as much of a shot to land your dream man than any other woman. To make yourself as attractive as possible to the man of your dreams, you need to give him the right impression about you from the start. Do not chase him.
Men want to know as they continue to give more of themselves to a woman that they can keep her happy in the long term. Until a man feels great about himself and what he can offer to a woman, he does not want her to have high expectations of him. He doesn’t want her to fall

########
Rank: 4
Score: 23.773977
Retrieved Text: Since men are very good at hiding their feelings, a woman often can not understand whether he is in love with her or just wants to spend time with her. But still there are 10 signs that should help you find the answer to this exciting question.
Asking yourself this question, you should remember a very important point, if you doubt that a man loves you, despite the fact that he spent quite a lot of time with him, then your doubts have good reasons.
So, check out 10 signs that a man loves you more than you think he does and analyse your relationships once again. Maybe, you will change your mind about how serious your man is.
#1. One can understand that a man is in love, by the way he agrees to do something that the woman offers. When a man starts to introduce a woman to his friends, this is a clear sign of falling in love.
#2. A man in love is always in a good mood. He becomes really happy and changes his whole life. Friends and relatives notice the change that has taken place with him.
#3. A man in love allows a woman to manage at home. He is proud of how she changed the situation. He buys furniture that she liked. He even allows her to keep her tampons under her sink. He is ready to let a woman into her life.
#4. He begins to pay more attention to his appearance, thinks about the future - in financial, physical and in all

########
Rank: 5
Score: 23.598183
Retrieved Text: When the secular perspective. Well, trying to date? Fifteen years older or younger man can date younger women way older women may never experience. Should avoid marrying an older person to date today. Author topic: james preece, could do missionary dating black men, and love each other dating younger men should you? Once upon older woman dating. The bible say about dating younger. Be a 20 years older man - the ask.
Congratulations and she says that age want to my girl. In it is to watch out younger woman who are immature guys who've survived tough times can be a younger. Fifteen years before marriage with the because they are online dating a christian, all christian, he is, their. Went dating younger woman? Author topic: may 12, she is a younger man looking for simon mugabe who share. In the leader in the christian man you a girl 20 year old man. Want to marry off limits for a younger men - an older men other very young, educational ministries center for a key difference is. When dating a learning experience. If they work and ernest is like gold dust on a younger man, in the presence of course advised, faith. Girls dating sites.
Rule, it natural for a good man marries an older woman to rule out, style. She. We have a younger man, but the bible does not about your friend be declared at church engaged to meet eligible single man. Sep 7 years younger guy. Christianman, and jan 14, is robbing the christian, but

########
Rank: 6
Score: 23.467607
Retrieved Text: Can I have your number? The bread an butter of a mans life or love life that is. It’s the one crucial thing that a man must learn to survive. It is a mans sole responsibility to ask this, these words launch a man into limbo an he falls into firmly into the open palm of the woman he asks. Will she clinch her fist an crush his hopes and dreams, or will she open his his world to thousands of possibilities.
As awkward as it is for a woman to be asked out, it’s much worst for the man who had to build up the courage to ask you out. So is it fair for a man to have to work up all that courage to ask you out an get shot down? Is it fair that a man is the expected to be the one to act first? What does it say about the man whom this comes naturally an isn’t phased by the rejection? Well the dating game is not fair, its leveled in the favor of women. Since they only need to sit back an accept or reject advances, like saying yes or no to a free meal. They don’t have to be out going an if they really want a certain man they can step up an ask the man out. Why do we as a society empower one gender over another? A mans drive to reproduce keeps the power in a woman’s hands. How do we fix this, well we can’t

########
Rank: 7
Score: 22.820068
Retrieved Text: What is the proper way to make a marriage proposal to a Ukrainian girl? In Ukraine is it custom to be engaged to a woman first? Should you write it down first? Does anyone know how to write a proposal to marry a Ukrainian woman?
When I came to the first steps of High Castle there was an odd young man walking in front of me. He had something in his jacket, he would walk up a few steps then back down.
I was a little nervous about what he was going to do, so I stayed back a bit from him. What usually take 15 to 20 minutes to walk up took me almost 45 minutes. When we were about to the top he came running down towards me. I noticed in his jacket there were some flowers. Now I was starting to understand what was going on, I walked as fast as I could to the top. When I arrived there were two men and a young woman on top. The young man came up so fast got on his knee in front of the girl. He asked her if she would marry him, a long pause occurred. Finally, she said yes they hugged and kiss everything was good. Very romantic some would think.
I was with a client, Mark that met a woman with my help, they knew one another for 6 days. He came to me this morning to ask me what do I think about him asking Evgenia to marry him?
Being a little apprehensive

########
Rank: 8
Score: 22.758787
Retrieved Text: When a guy asks you for a date the first time, he does so because he believes that you are someone he considers fortunate enough to spend an evening with. For whatever reason(s), the woman he invites has conveyed the idea that she is – for lack of a better term – quite expensive. There is something of value to her that a man finds appealing. It may be her independence or her ability to be at ease. Whatever it is, she is someone that he is drawn toward.
Maintaining your value means you maintain your mystery. Don’t give more to him than he does to you. You are the one who determines your value, not him. Sometimes you have to reinforce that belief by creating distance. One of the worst things you can do is to act strong and independent for the first few dates and then become emotionally dependent on him for ALL of your happiness. Men can’t handle that kind of responsibility.
From a man’s perspective, this goes hand in hand with your Value. Women who are easy to please are those who appreciate a man’s efforts, even when those efforts leave a woman lacking. This doesn’t mean you should lie and say you like something when you really despise it, rather it means to acknowledge his effort to make you happy. Believe me, he’ll notice that you were merely appreciative and not thrilled. If, however, you are annoyed, he’ll notice that too, but he won’t have much incentive to do a better job next

########
Rank: 9
Score: 22.74317
Retrieved Text: I've heard there is a discussion in the Ohr Sameach regarding when someone appoints a shliach (messenger) to divorce his wife, whether the person must use his own klaf (parchment) to write the get on or if he may use the klaf of the shliach.
The Ohr Sameach there apparently discusses many nafkeh minei (consequences) in this concept of making someone a "shliach" and how far it goes (i.e. does he become literally like the person himself.) I really wanted to ask more and other questions in this regard but I'd rather see what the Ohr Sameach writes in this to better ask the other questions.
Where can I find this discussion in the Ohr Sameach?
If the sender (husband) is very sick can the Shliach (messenger) give the Get?
If the sender (husband) became a Shoteh after making a Shliach to write a Get for his (husband's) wife?
If the husband died - the Shliach definitely can't give it.
If Shliach used his own paper (Klaf) is it a kosher Get?
If one makes a Shliach to sell his Chometz, does it suffice if the Shliach is Makne (transfers ownership) of the Metaltelin (movable objects) Agav (in conjunction with) his own Karka (field), instead of the owners Karka?
Can a husband make a Shliach to be Maifer (nullify) his wife's vows (if only the Shliach heard the vows)?
If a woman makes a Shliach to receive her Kedushin, does the husband-to-be have to have the woman's consent (to get married to her) when giving over the Kedushin to the Shliach or does it suffice

########
Rank: 10
Score: 22.591288
Retrieved Text: You are here: Home / Scorpio / Scorpio Dates / Scorpio Man and Cancer Woman: Totally Explained for You!
You’re a Scorpio man, and you fall in love with a Cancer woman or vice versa? Are you curious about this compatibility? Are both conditional upon each other? Read the information below to know clearly!
Scorpio Man and Cancer Woman: What Love Compatibility!
The love compatibility between a Scorpio man and a Cancer woman holds a couple of interesting things that you should find out now. It can be said that both are 2 souls in the same situation because they own lots of similar features and they can understand each person’s behavior totally and utterly. Additionally, their love affair will be full of adoration and affection.
Scorpio Man and Cancer Woman: Are Complicated Individuals!
Mr.Scorpio is described as a complicated person who can, sometimes, rush between despair and happiness. So, it might be a little difficulty for those who are coping with him. However, Ms. Cancer can do it well because of her own natural traits. She can understand effective things as well as knowing how to pull Scorpio male out of his despair. Conversely, he is capable of supporting her to break away from hard times of rancor. He might recognize her true love with ease, and it’s the most important thing to him.
Scorpio Man and Cancer Woman: Kind and Aimable!
Meanwhile, Ms.Cancer is known as a kind and amiable person. However, she can become powerful and strong whenever facing up troubles. Luckily, the Scorpio man knows it immediately, and it

########
Rank: 11
Score: 22.423977
Retrieved Text: How should a tall skinny man feel after he's easily lifted overhead by a short fat woman who far outweighs him while he towers way over her?
When you are talking to a guy in a well-lit room and his pupils are dilated what does that mean? If a guy really like a girl would he tell his friends? Wife is smoking meth, where do meth heads hide their dope and pipes in and around the house? What should I do tonight? Why would a guy always ask his girlfriend "wyd" every time when he text her?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 22.377642
Retrieved Text: Ever wonder where a novelist gets his or her ideas from? How can it be possible to write a novel about something no one else has thought of? The answer is as varied as the people that ask.
My latest Work in Progress did not start out as a "novel" but only a novel idea. That "new" idea began with the two most important words in the English language to a writer. "What if?"
W​hen I am inspired by a concept I'd like to write about, what I do NOT do is think I'm going to write a novel about it.
For example, I found a song on YouTube about an Eshet Chayil--the Proverbs 31 woman.
That YouTube video got me to thinking, and I haven't stopped thinking about it.
Some of those verses in Proverbs lean to an interpretation in English that the woman is a slave to her husband and children. Nothing could be further from the the truth, however. Jewish men do not sing praises to slaves every Shabbat. Children do not rise up and call a slave blessed.
This is a woman who is the C.E.O. of her home. She delegates responsibilities, and authority. She directs her husband and children. Since most women have outside employment, delegation becomes even more important. But, the number one feature of an eshet chayil is her devotion to Adonai Eloheinu, our Creator.
Eshet Chayil is more precious than rubies. Her husband obeys her (if he's smart) because she does him good all the days of his life. Without her, life could overwhelm him.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 22.347958
Retrieved Text: 1. Why does Iris try to go downstairs in chapter 9?
(a) She hears a noise.
(b) To try to find something.
2. One of the newspaper articles describes the awarding of a prize for a high school student. For whom is this prize named?
3. How does Iris and Laura's mother die?
(a) Catches a mysterious ailment.
(b) An unknown form of cancer, most likely uterine.
4. What is the name of the girl's caretaker and the family's main servant?
5. In the woman's imagination, the man is sitting next to a woman who is doing what to pass the time?
1. Where is Laura found after going missing for a week, according to the newspaper article?
2. Who hosts the reception for Iris's new baby?
3. In what year does Laura die?
4. What are the aristocrats called in the man's story?
5. What item does the man often ask the woman to bring him?
More summaries and resources for teaching or studying The Blind Assassin.
The Blind Assassin from BookRags. (c)2019 BookRags, Inc. All rights reserved.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 22.28706
Retrieved Text: The majority of men and women are in perpetual quest for eternal love because they simply believe in it. They are cradled since childhood by fairy tales that draw a magic picture of love and happiness. With adolescence, romanticism is born, fed by novels with rose water. One grows up with a stereotype of perfect, unshakable love that nothing can destroy. It is very beautiful ! But often we are caught by the harsh reality of life. Love is not always perfect and eternal.
The woman, through her desire to succeed in her life as a couple and to maintain this love so dear to her heart, tends to do too well and to be too perfect. Yet, she sees her man leaving her. We often ask ourselves the question, why? Generally, when a man falls in love with a woman, he gives himself body and soul. Notwithstanding the cliché that a man is an unsatisfied hunter and an adventurer, it is difficult for him to break an affair or a marriage. But if he does, it's for specific reasons.
When talking about a good and perfect woman, we often refer to the image of a gentle, caring and kind woman. However, there is another type of woman who, in addition to being a good wife, a good lover, a good mother, is a demanding woman who calls for the eternal gratitude of all that she undertakes and who always wants being right and the last word in all situations, thus jeopardizing his relationship.
Men usually feel enormous pressure

########
Rank: 15
Score: 22.242863
Retrieved Text: 1. Never do housework. No man ever loved a woman because the house was spotless.
2. Remember: you are known by the idiot you accompany.
3. Don't imagine you can change a man - unless he's in diapers.
4. What do you do if your boyfriend walks out? You shut the door.
5. So many men - so many reasons not to date any of them.
6. If they put a man on the moon, they should be able to put them all there.
7. Tell him you're not his type - you have a pulse.
8. Never let your man's mind wander. It's too little to be let out alone.
9. Go for younger men. You might as well. They never mature anyway.
10. Men are all the same. They just have different faces so you can tell them apart.
11. Definition of a bachelor: a man who has missed the opportunity to make some woman miserable.
12. Women don't make fools of men. Most of them are the do-it-yourself types.
13. The best way to get a man to do something is to suggest they are too old for it.
14. Love is blind, but marriage is a real eye-opener.
15. If you want a committed man, look in a mental hospital.
16. The children of Israel wandered around the desert for 40 years. Even in biblical times, men wouldn't ask for directions.
17. If he asks what sort of books you're interested in, tell him checkbooks.
18. Remember a sense of humor does not mean that you tell him jokes, it means you laugh at his.
19. Sadly, all men are

########
Rank: 16
Score: 22.209166
Retrieved Text: Do not approach him because what you feel for him is not real love but rather infatuation.
You need to come back to the real world, appreciate the fact that having a crush is normal and move on.
indirect questions on what his hints mean? Does he behave like this with other female friends too? Assess what these hints mean to him. The next best step would be to plan a coffee meeting along with a few friends. For instance, you can tell him you are meeting your friends for coffee and he can come there with his friends as well.
Fred Daniels. Can I tell you something my sister, you are passing through what we pass through and you are asking yourself the same questions we ask ourselves before approaching a woman. Here is what you can do, tell him that you like him, show him that you are a good woman and that will give him a reason to say something too. However, do not just sit and do nothing about it.
him how you feel, he will introduce to you someone he has just met as his girlfriend.
Aaron Yovani. This is very normal. Do not make the mistake of making the first move. But all you can do is to start acting towards that direction. Call to check on him, be extra nice, pay him surprise visits so that you build a stronger relationship with him.Alex Agaba. I thought you were a dot com woman but it seems you are still in analog. Please, use any social

########
Rank: 17
Score: 22.15875
Retrieved Text: The woman is the mother of all boy.
The mother gives birth but does not possess a boy.
The mother bosom nurtures boy but does not ask for repayment.
The mother love for the boy is sacred.
The boy grows and becomes a man.
The man desires the bosom of the woman.
The man couples with the woman.
The circle of life is completed once more.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 22.053679
Retrieved Text: - if you cannot look at the sun (the creation), how can you look at Allah (the Creator)?
- which one of you can look at the bright midday sun?
- you will go blind, so how can you ask to see Allah?
Why were your angels your friends in dunya?
WHO WILL HAVE A STINKING SOUL?
- so what chance does the Parvezi stand?
- so we ask you, did you prayed two rak’ah in salatul fajr?
- how did you know it contains two rak’ah for fajr and dhuhr 4 rak'ah?
- because if you love Allah, you would follow Muhammad!
- why did you not use your aql to know Allah did not come from the belly of a woman?
Why do you think a woman wants an educated man?
- but if you know you have such personality, why did you not mix with righteous people?
- why is it that there are thousands of homeless people in America?
How many of you while on a journey will listen to Qur'an or music?
- what would you listen to?
- Muhammad was the walking Qur'an, are you?
- or you backbite, slander people and do tale bearing?
How many of you will borrow money and put it in writing?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 22.04296
Retrieved Text: How to transform your entire love life, mindset and body using groundbreaking techniques. Read the Man Transformation review.
What does it take to be a man? Not just a stereotypical man, but a man that EVERY woman wants. The kind of man that the you see the hottest girls with, the kind of guy women always describe and never seem to get. Well it takes the right inner game (mindset), outer game (interaction) and intimacy (spirituality).
Once you have these three key ingredients, you will not only attract the sort of woman guys stare at and wish they could meet, but you’ll be able to keep that 10 and she would never ever dream of leaving you, because you are the perfect guy. This in a nutshell is “Man Transformation”.
Intrigued? Click here to learn more about Double Your Dating Man Transformation.
How to wipe your mind clean of social stigma and re-program it so that you have automatic success with every woman you meet in the future, no matter how hot they are.
How to show a woman that you ARE a leader which just so happens to be the one big quality every 10 wants in a guy.
Unfair tricks that make a woman choose you over ANY other guy they meet. This one tip alone will make you stand out in a room full of guys instantly, without needing to do anything out of the ordinary.
How do you know if Double Your Dating Man Transformation is right for you?
If you’re the kind of guy that always settles for “average”

########
Rank: 20
Score: 22.010735
Retrieved Text: What do you can you a girlfriend my response to be smitten with gretchen ended, you'll know how do you have been an adventure. Especially when the emotionally rewarding experience of all high school freshman dating older women five or reign in usa than 41. You, and get that upturn in their early twenties. What do guys don't overlook the action, so unbelievably youth-idolizing. Flirting with the game of single woman and their 'cubs', how to treat a comment on dating a stigma. Likewise, but what i am dating younger men. This young - rich woman – it's not know that younger man relationship. While we both pulled younger men and their bodies. Whether you're a younger man doesn't have to be because you, but my age. If you're thinking about how to be with someone that the first, well.
One of potential mistakes to date a younger man there are men, younger man. He may be a christian much younger women dating a large age gap indicates an adventure. What it seems that there is no longer a man younger men dating younger man then it's a good. Everything is younger woman to be with the relationship with a lot of the likes to handle. Back and they have amazing chemistry – it's not dealing with. Believers in this new options for dating younger men all overlook. Previous post do know is a younger, confident woman dating a younger women. Naturally, jennifer lopez, women, age, it was like a man, all the norm may change what

########
Rank: 21
Score: 22.00073
Retrieved Text: A lot of people have said and even suggested that if you are in a relationship and your guy doesn't spend or lavish money on you,then you are not really loved. Hmmm,this is now one of the romantic topics that have made headlines in relationships. Well,a relationship blogger and Psychologist,whose name is Joro Olumofin has a different opinion. In his open letter to single men still searching,he says : Don't start spending money or splashing money on any girl you want to marry''. Do you agree with Mr. Joro? Is that how to be in a relationship?
Come to think of it: A man says he wants to marry a woman and he definitely has to prove that he is capable,and able to keep his woman in good condition right?. How will this suitor prove his claims if he listens to Joro and does not spend money on his woman? Hmm,Mr.Joro,is this is how to be in a right relationship sir??
Okay,let's take another direction: A young man sees a lady and he likes her the way she is,except that she likes money and men who are really want to spend on her. Yes, he doesn't really have the money to spend on the woman and he doesn't want to lose her either. What he next chooses to do is to go borrow money and begin to splash it on her for the woman to accept him. What do you think? Will this young man really keep the woman at home after marriage when she discovers that her

########
Rank: 22
Score: 21.994389
Retrieved Text: Got a crush on a guy you know? Whoever he is — you probably want to know more about him. So with that in mind, here are some great questions to get to know him: You get to marry one fictional character — who is it? In your mind, what are your 3 biggest weaknesses? You only get 3 words to describe yourself — what are they? Which is better to listen to — your heart or your brain? Do you consider yourself a spiritual person? Does He Like You?
Updated October 30, 0 Looking for questions to ask a guy? These questions should do the trick. What is one thing that brings a smile to your face, no matter the time of day? What makes you laugh? What is one memory you have from childhood? If you could only watch one movie for the rest of your life, what would it be?
So, here is a list of — yes, — questions that you can choose from to ask each other on your next dinner out. Advertising Use only two to three questions per date night, and really talk about the answers in depth.
This is a good date question. It would sound a little creepy as the very first thing you ever say to him. This one is also a good question for later in the conversation. Great for sitting next to a hottie on a long flight. Random and a little spontaneous. Always a good question; most people WANT to answer this one. Save this one

########
Rank: 23
Score: 21.987215
Retrieved Text: 1. What does the man think of watching TV?
[A] It helps people kill time.
[B] It makes people less active.
[C] It keeps people well-informed.
[A] She’ll use her bike soon.
[B] She’ lent her bike out.
[C] She’ll borrow a bike.
3. What does the man think of the woman?
[A] She is poorly dressed.
[C] She should buy a dress for Betty.
4. What’s going to be difficult for the man?
[B] Working at home quietly.
[C] Choosing a birthday gift.
5. What are the speakers discussing?
[A] Whether to go on a holiday.
[B] How to pay for the house.
[C] Whether to find a better job.
6. Who is Mr. Li?
[A] The woman’s co-worker. [B] The woman’s secretary. [C] The woman’s boss.
7. What does Mr. Li want to talk to the woman about?
[A] A job offer. [B] A big sale. [C] A new department.
[A] Trying to find a job. [B] Traveling round the world. [C] Teaching English for money.
9. Where will the man be working?
[A] In an Australian school. [B] In a shipping company. [C] In a foreign trading firm.
10. What will the speakers do together in the evening?
[C] Have a home-made dinner.
11. What do the speakers decide to do?
[A] Ask Carrie for help. [B] Buy a huge cake. [C] Play cards.
12. Who will probably get surprised at the party?
[A] Maggie. [B] The man. [C] Jackie.
13. What kind of families can be possibly chosen as home-stay families?
[A] Good at cooking. [B] Close to the school. [C] With international background.
14. What can an international student expect in a home-stay family?
15. What is the main advantage of staying with a

########
Rank: 24
Score: 21.986502
Retrieved Text: This English tutorial is a revision of spelling of endings of the 3rd person singular verbs and about adverbs, that go with Present Simple tense.
positive or negative and really feel comfortable using this particular tense.
grammar in examples and just reviewing a few keywords.
This English tutorial is a revision of spelling of endings of the 3rd person singular present simple.
ENGLISH WOMAN: Now, we can speak English. We can ask questions. We can reply to questions. When do you want to speak English?
AMERICAN MAN: I want to speak English soon.
INDIAN WOMAN: I want to speak English very soon.
ENGLISH WOMAN: Why do you want to speak English?
INDIAN WOMAN: I want to speak English to work.
MAN: I need to speak English.
AMERICAN MAN: What do you need?
INDIAN WOMAN: I need to eat because I am hungry.
ENGLISH WOMAN: How do you learn English?
WOMAN: I learn English Online.
ENGLISH WOMAN: Who do you speak English with?
AMERICAN MAN: I speak English with my teacher. She speaks English very well. She is a good teacher.
ENGLISH WOMAN: What do you do?
AMERICAN MAN: I do not understand “Do you Do“?
ENGLISH WOMAN: That is normal there are two do’s in English. “Do” is an auxiliary: What do you eat? “Do” is a verb also. I do work. You do the work.
AMERICAN MAN: We do something. They do something as well.
ENGLISH WOMAN: Do you understand? Can you do English grammar exercises?
S + always + V + O .
Do/Don’t + S + always + V + O ?
S + V + O + EVERY DAY + .
S + V + O

########
Rank: 25
Score: 21.83646
Retrieved Text: 2. What are the two speakers mainly talking about?
A. What they do while traveling.
B. When they do their homework.
C. How they spend their spare time.
3. What is the probable relationship between the two speakers?
4. What happens to Mr Jordan?
A. He is ill. B. He is out of work. C. He is on holiday.
A. She wants to go on watching TV.
B. She wants the man to turn the TV off.
C. She does not mind what the man will do.
6. What is the conversation mainly about?
A. Ordering a radio. B. Having the radio fixed.
C. Looking for a radio repair shop.
7. What does the woman expect the man to do?
A. Repair her radio. B. Listen to her radio.
C. Buy a new radio for her.
8. What does the man prefer to do?
A. Watch games outside. B. Watch TV at home.
C. Play ball games with his friends.
9. What does the woman want the man to do?
A. Do some physical exercise.
B. Watch ball games on TV at home.
C. Play a football game with his friends.
10. What are the two speakers mainly talking about?
A. A chemistry test. B. William Carlos Williams.
11. What does the woman want the man to do?
A. To choose a topic for her report.
B. To help her do better in her report.
C. To prepare her report on the poet.
12. When will the two speakers probably meet?
A. At about 2:00 pm. B. At about 4:00 pm.
C. At about 7:00 pm.
A. At the party. B. At the library. C. At Professor Blake’s.
14. What is the probable relationship between the two speakers?
A. Fellow

########
Rank: 26
Score: 21.81915
Retrieved Text: This is from my document How to beat the courts and other knowledge. The complete document is on my Facebook page. What to do and not do at court. Do not use any language in any of your documents other than your own language. (No Latin or French, unless you speak it.) #1: The most effective thing you can do is make a claim. (For example – “i man claim that because you have trespassed on my human rights i have jurisdiction over you. Is there any man or woman here who challenges this claim?” “No, then my claim stands in law and in fact.” “i hereby require all charges to be discharged without prejudice. (Without any loss or waiver of rights or privileges.) The lawyers, judge, court clerk or bailiff will not challenge any claim you make when worded like that, because they are not man or woman. i know from first-hand experience that they will not say anything. A claim that is unchallenged, stands as law. When your claim stands, you must say “No man or woman challenges my claim, so my claim stands.” When a judge takes off his or her robe in court, that judge is now operating under the Common Law. Use that time to make all lawful claims again. Judges can be tricky when it comes to doing this. They will adjourn their other court or take a recess first, and just make it look as though they are just getting comfortable. Don’t be fooled, take advantage of this as

########
Rank: 27
Score: 21.798414
Retrieved Text: Because when they arrive, they're wet and wild, but when they go, they take your house and car.
The woman applying for a job in a Florida lemon grove seemed way too qualified for the job. "Look Miss," said the foreman, "have you any actual experience in picking lemons?" "Well, as a matter if fact, yes!" she replied.? "I've been divorced three t times."
An old man goes to the Wizard to ask him if he can remove a curse he has been living with for the last 40 years. The Wizard says, "Maybe, but you will have to tell me the exact words that were used to put the curse on you." The old man says without hesitation, "I now pronounce you man and wife."
I was in the express lane at the store quietly fuming. Completely ignoring the sign, the woman ahead of me had slipped into the check-out line pushing a cart piled high with groceries. Imagine my delight when the cashier beckoned the woman to come forward looked into the cart and asked sweetly, "So which six items would you like to buy?"
Because they had no reservations at a busy restaurant, my elderly neighbor and his wife were told there would be a 45-minute wait for a table. "Young man, we're both 90 years old," the husband said "We may not have 45 minutes." They were seated immediately.
Al said: "I'd like them to say, "Look, he's moving!"
Smith climbs to the top of Mt. Sinai to get close enough to talk to God. Looking up, he

########
Rank: 28
Score: 21.776209
Retrieved Text: What a powerful truth! The problem is, this verse by itself isn’t very practical. Many people post their favorite verses on social media, their wall, or on a bracelet or something but never stop to ask how the verse changes their lives. We should never just read the Bible and feel inspired. We should always ask the question, “Yes this inspires me, but to do what?” Humble yourself? What does that even mean? How do you humble yourself?
Jesus gave us the answer in the verse right before it. “The greatest among you must be a servant“. Serving others is the path to humility. Recognizing God has a great plan for someone else’s life and helping them reach it is true humility. The more you serve, the more you humble yourself, especially when you do the tasks no one else wants to do. Then, well, you’ll see what this verse says happens to the man or woman who humbles themselves (hint: it’s the very last word of the verse).
Who can you serve this week? Is there someone out of the ordinary you can serve?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 21.748274
Retrieved Text: Paddy Meehan is a reporter working for the Scottish Daily News. She had just been out in the cold rain at a car accident scene. There was a report of a disturbance at one of the villas in Bearsden, a wealthy suburb. She almost didn't want to get out of the car but when she saw a handsome man in an expensive suit standing in the doorway of an elegant house she knew there was a good story about to take place.
The man at the door told the police and Paddy that this type of incident would not happen again and handed Paddy a bribe to keep the story out of the papers. A woman in the background with blood on her face apparently didn't want any help. Paddy only took the blood stained bribe because she needed the money. Her father was unemployed and there were four children living at home and she was the only one helping out the family. She was almost sure the police saw her take the bribe. Her driver, Billy, asked her if she was going to phone in the story. Since she was sure Billy saw her take the bribe she agreed to do so.
Paddy was full of guilt and the next morning she felt even worse. She learned that the woman was murdered. The handsome man was not her husband or boyfriend. The main question in Paddy's mind was why didn't this woman ask for help when the police were there?
Paddy soon runs into another story. The police

================



======= Instance Index 3 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: Look at the girl on the bike!

F: Oh, yes she's really a smart girl.

Question: Where are the two persons? 

- At home

- In their classroom

- On the street

Target Text: On the street

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.066449
Retrieved Text: There are both hotels and inns in Varde Kommune, where you can sleep for a night or two and indulge yourself.
Hotel Outrup has Good partyfacilities. Fine room with fireplace where 60 persons can party. Large hall with room for 150 persons. We are situated between Nr. Nebel and Varde.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 14.959104
Retrieved Text: Transfer pricing is defined as the pricing of transactions between related persons or persons under common control (“Controlled Transactions”). The importance of Transfer Pricing Bylaws lies in the necessity to implement and enforce the Arm’s Length Principle on transactions between related persons or persons under common control as if they were conducted between independent persons.
The arm’s length principle must be the basis for pricing all transactions between related persons or persons under common control. The Bylaws defines the Arm’s Length Principle as: “where conditions are made or imposed between two or more related persons in their commercial or financial relations which differ from those which would be made between unrelated persons, then any profits which would, but for those conditions, have accrued to one of such Related Persons, but, by reasons of those conditions, have not so accrued, may be included in the profits of that person and taxed accordingly”.
The Bylaws address situations in which the conditions made or imposed between two or more related persons in their commercial or financial relations differ from those made between independent persons if the same transaction took place. For income tax purposes, the income that would have been accrued if the conditions imposed were the same as those which would be made between independent persons should be included in the tax base of the related persons.
Note: The time allowed to submit Master File and Local File documents will be extended for 60 days during 2019.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 14.682526
Retrieved Text: Srinagar: Two persons, who were killed in a road mishap in north Kashmir’s Sopore area Monday, turned out to be militants, police said.
SSP Sopore Harmeet Singh, told reporters that the two persons were riding a motorbike and died in a mishap at Warpora area.
The duo was shifted to nearby hospital where one was declared brought dead and another was shifted to Srinagar hospital where he later succumbed.
One among the two killed persons was identified as Owais Bashir, son of Bashir Ahmad Mir, a resident of Brath Sopore while as the identity of another was yet to be ascertained, police said.
Owais, according to SSP Sopore, had joined militancy recently.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.64769
Retrieved Text: BAHAWALPUR/BUREWALA-Eight persons including a woman died and dozens others suffered injuries in two road accidents occurred in different areas on Friday.
In Bahawalpur, six passengers died and 37 others got injured when a passenger bus fell from a bridge in Chanigoth area of Tehsil Ahmedpur East.
According to rescue sources, a passenger bus, carrying more than 40 persons was on the way when suddenly near Chanigoth area it went out of control of the drive and plunged from a bridge.
On information, Rescue 1122 reached the scene and pulled out the dead bodies and injured including women and children trapped inside the bus after cutting its body. The injured were shifted them to nearby local hospital where three more persons succumbed to their injuries while some of the injured are stated to be in critical condition.
Police said that initial investigation revealed the incident happened due to speeding.
In Burewala, two persons including a woman died and eight others got injured in collision between hiace van and tractor-trolley here on Burewala-Chichawatni Road.
The bodies and injured of both incidents were shifted to different hospitals of respective cities where condition of some wounded people was stated to be serious.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.644786
Retrieved Text: From 8 persons, we offer adapted menus according to your needs and tastes. Our menu can be composed with either our meal coming from our restaurant (menu) or prepared for the occasion.
The hut can welcome 160 sitting persons simultaneously, and possibly more thanks to an outside tent. The two principal rooms are the coffee room and the carnotzet, close to each other, they can welcome 40 persons each, the amenities are directly accessible from these two rooms. In the hut building extension, there is an old renovated sheepshed that we call “Chez Madame Fauquex”, it can welcome 40 persons. Finally, at 20m in front of the hut, there is also an old renovated sheepshed called “La Bergerie” which can welcome 40 persons too. For these two last rooms, you have to go out to access to the amenities. Since December 2017, it is possible to privatize the wine cellar for meetings or diner. All these rooms can be privatized for your event.
NEW!!! Our wine cellar, totally renovated is the idyllic room for organising your meetings in an authentic and unusual place. The wine cellar is equipped with a projector, up to welcome 25 persons, it can be privatized for meetings, wine tasting or diner.
Our partners, professionals by your side!
For the events organisation at Solalex’s hut, we recommend three companies which are specialise in the organisation and support for group in the region. The three of them are based in Villars-sur-Ollon where you can find numerous hotels. All year long, these companies can elaborate a full program

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.575048
Retrieved Text: Luxury villas with swimming pool in Zakynthos island, traditional stone villas in Zakynthos, villas with pool in Tsilivi. Small villa for two persons in Laganas, luxury villas near blue caves in Zakynthos, best price for villas in Zante island. Villas for couple, families and group of friends.
Villa Anemona is a big building that can accommodate 6/8 persons. Our villa is built with local stones and wood in harmony with the surrounding nature.
Dafni Beach Villas are 7 accommodation directly on Dafni beach where you can see the turtles.
Each can accommodate 4/6 people and they are: 2 villas, 2 maisonettes, 3 apartments.
The Ocean view Villas are 3 neighboring but separate accommodation. A 6-bedroom villa for 12 people, an apartment for 4/6 people with two bedrooms and a small apartment for 2/3 people. All accommodations have a wonderful sea view.
Villa Summerhouse is suitable for 8-10 people and consists of 4 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, living room, kitchen and veranda with private pool. From all the rooms of the villa there is the sea view and there is also a private garden under the villa.
Christine villas are 7 stone villas: 3 villas for 4/5 persons, 3 villas for 6/8 persons and one mill house for 2/5 persons. The residence is placed in Vasilikos surrounded by olive trees.
The residence is 1 km about from Ionian beach.
Our villas can accommodate from three the smallest till seven people the largest and follow the local traditional architecture of the zakynthian countryside.
Villa Anemelia can accommodate 4/6 persons and has 2 bedrooms, kitchen, sitting-room and bathroom.
It is

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.571155
Retrieved Text: 1 Prior to 1972, White and Black data include persons of Hispanic ethnicity.
2 After 2002, data for individual race categories exclude persons of Two or more races.
3 Beginning in 2010, standard errors were computed using replicate weights, which produced more precise values than the generalized variance function methodology used in prior years.
NOTE: Data are based on sample surveys of the civilian noninstitutionalized population. Totals include other racial/ethnic groups not separately shown. Race categories exclude persons of Hispanic ethnicity except where otherwise noted.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.515057
Retrieved Text: Following information received from an Authority that persons were involved in Human trafficking, ranks of the Guyana Police Force (GPF) conducted raids on two popular business locations, in Charlotte Street, Georgetown.
According to the police, Sixteen persons, inclusive of fourteen foreign nationals have been detained.
The persons are assisting with investigations.
Back in June, Twenty-nine non-nationals were apprehended in Bartica, Region Seven (Cuyuni-Mazaruni) following an exercise carried out by the Ministry of Social Protection, and a team of officers from the Anti-Trafficking in Persons(TIP) Unit and the Guyana Women Miners Organisation (GWMO).
In July, the Ministry of Social Protection raided popular nightclub, Rio where eleven suspected victims of human trafficking were removed and placed in the protective care after the Trafficking in Persons (TIP) Unit of the Ministry of Social Protection.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.425788
Retrieved Text: Agona (Ash), July 6, GNA - Six persons died on the spot and 16 others sustained serious injuries when a Benz bus on which they were travelling from Kumasi to Yeji collided head-long with a Kia truck at Agona in the Afigya-Sekyere district on Monday.
The bodies of two of the deceased persons who were identified as Kwame Opoku, 28, driver of the Kia truck and one Mariama, a 15-year-old pedestrian, have been deposited at the Mampong Government Hospital for autopsy.
The injured persons are also on admission at the Hospital where they are reported to be responding to treatment.
Assistant Superintendent of Police (ASP) Emmanuel Arzah, Asante-Mampong Divisional Crime Officer, told the press that Opoku, the Kia driver was carrying tomatoes from Nsuta to Kumasi with two persons on board.
He said on reaching Agona, the Kia driver spotted a stationery truck loaded with charcoal and parked in the cargo truck lane of the road.
ASP Arzah said when the driver of the Kia truck attempted to overtake the stationery vehicle, it collided head-long with the Benz bus from the opposite direction.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.371207
Retrieved Text: Luxury villa with private pool, tennis court, and golf, ideal for groups, I Grandi di Toscana, Civitella in Valdichiana, Arezzo, Tuscany.
Villa I Grandi di Toscana is a typical Tuscan farm surrounded by olive groves and vineyards in the heart of the Valdichiana, approx. 20 km from Arezzo and 5 km from Monte San Savino.
The property includes 62 hectares, is located in a panoramic and quiet position, and offer hospitality with 2 houses where there are 8 elegant apartments and 2 suites with private bathroom, for a total of 33 sleeps, and a common room equipped with kitchen and pergola with tables, chairs and barbecue, where you can gather for pleasant evenings in good company.
The pool, the tennis court and the golf. Villa I Grandi di Toscana offers for the entertainment of its guests a beautiful infinity pool with salt water (size 6x12 m - depth 1,20 m.), a synthetic tennis court, a 2 holes golf course "pitch and putt" and trekking trails.
The property includes also the "San Ferdinando" winery where excellent wine and DOCG extra virgin olive oil is produced, which can be tasted and bought on the farm.
Villa i Grandi di Toscana is the ideal place to spend a holiday of relaxation and sport, to arrange family reunions and to celebrate events.
COMMUNAL ROOM: kitchen equipped with fridge, toaster, espresso machine, microwave, dishwasher, and portico equipped with tables, chairs and barbecue.
LEONARDO DA VINCI, 4 persons. Ground floor apartment wheelchair accessible with a small porch, entrance on the living-dining room with kitchenette, sofa and satellite TV. Double

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.36086
Retrieved Text: [This is a translation from German of extracts from the comprehensive instructions to communities for the collection process of the 2000 Census in Switzerland which had been issued in German, French and Italian. In German, there are 6 different documents available which are mostly the same but cover the different variations of collection methods used in 2000. The collection variations will be outlined in this document.
This document is meant to ease the work of the census management and staff in the various communities. It contains all relevant information necessary for the preparation and execution of the federal census 2000. Not included are the instructions for the software LOCO'2000 which were already provided separately.
Data protection [and privacy] is covered in the above laws and in the Data Protection Act (1992).
1. After editing, the data will be made anonymous and the identifications of person destroyed.
2. Census data can only be used for statistical purposes with some exceptions: corrections marked by the respondents on the questionnaires can be transferred to the population registers or into the future registers of buildings and dwellings.
3. Census results can only be published such that individual persons cannot be identified.
4. All census staff are subject to the obligation of confidentiality.
5. All census work and procedures are under the supervision of the data protection organisations of the Cantons and federal government.
Article 1: Every 10 years data will be ascertained about the structure of population, households, dwellings, buildings, places of work, as well as commuting.
Persons are counted as part of the residential population in those communities

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.295855
Retrieved Text: Matina House, in the resort of Parga is in an elevated position. On top of a lush hill in Parga near the castle area. The Matina house has some older studios & 1 apartment on 1st & 2nd floor. These basic, yet well cared for studios all have a kitchen and private shower/bathroom.
There are also some very modern & well equipped studios and one apartment on the ground floor.
The two-bedroom apartment is located on 2nd floor and consists of two bedrooms, a sitting area, dining area, fully equipped kitchen and one bathroom. Very large apartment with nice views over Parga and the sea in the distance.
There are also 3 studios located on 1st & 2nd floor which were constructed in the year 1999. These are of normal size - clean with basic furniture. One of them can sleep up to 3 persons and the other two can sleep only 2 persons.
A 1 Bedroom Apartment 3-4 persons. The bedroom sleeps three persons and there is a sofa bed in the kitchen-living area which can sleep a fourth person.
Next to the apartment there are 2 very spacious studios where can sleep up to 3 persons in each studio.
There is air-conditioning (paid locally to the owner), television & kitchen corners with 2 electric rings and a mini oven in studios.
Matina House is in a lovely peaceful location, away from traffic, surrounded by fertile hills rich in ancient olive groves. A great retreat for a fantastic holiday in Parga.
Distance to Valtos beach is a 10 minute walk via a steep

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.217019
Retrieved Text: Two unusual places in Brussels!
Ric's River Boat and Ric's Art Boat , moored at Quai des Péniches/Akenkaai, 44 , 1000 Brussels, along the canal , opposite the listed building " Tour & Taxis " and very close to the Terrassess and the Tower of UP- site.
"Ric’s River Boat" has a white /Red colour outside and an exotic outlook inside.
It is suited for private celebrations, cocktail parties, weddings, anniversaries.
Seated a hundred persons. Standing 170 persons.
"Ric's Art Boat" has an White /Grey colour.
There are two floors and it is more basic. Each floor holds about 100 persons.
Suited for dances, concerts, exhibitions, sketches.
Brussels Ric’s Boats are famous for the organization of a wide variety of parties: events of the European Community (various nationalities), parano evenings, 80-generation parties, electronic sessions, fetish events in co-production Brussels and Paris, Latino Noces (salsa and merengue), African jam sessions(reggae).
Ric's Boats are also places where private parties for several recreational and cultural cores intersect in a varied program.
“Ric’s Boats”, indeed, have grown into an "institution" in Brussels, as they have been active for more than 35 years (1973) in the Port of Brussels at the Beco Dock. Each floor holds about 100 persons.
Ric's Boats are part of "Quality Nights" (an initiative of the Ministry of Health of the Brussels Capital).

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.060036
Retrieved Text: Two incidents of thieves breaking into godowns were registered by the police during the last 24 hours in the suburbs.
A godown where electrical material had been kept by one Shantilal Jain, 52, was broken into by unidentified persons around 10.30 pm on Wednesday night and goods worth Rs 2.16 lakh were stolen from Alka Building, in Borivli, police said on Thursday.
The other incident took place at Goregaon, where a godown of readymade garments was broken into by unidentified persons, who fled with jeans, T-shirts and pants worth Rs 1,76,000.
No arrests had been made so far and a case of house breaking was registered and further investigations are in progress, sources added.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.0436
Retrieved Text: A bloody clash between a local vigilante group and a group of youths suspected to be cultists at the weekend claimed four persons in Makurdi, the Benue State capital.
About six other persons sustained varying degree of injuries, including an Indian national (names withheld) who was allegedly shot in the head.
According to a resident, the crisis started when two rival cult groups engaged themselves in a supremacy battle around the Welfare Quarters area of the town which later snowballed into a clash between the vigilantes, leading to the death of no fewer than three persons.
He said: “They have turned Welfare Quarters into a den of arms and it is unfortunate that our law enforcement agencies are turning a blind eye and not doing anything about it.
“Yesterday the cult groups in the area engaged each other in a bloody fight that left three persons dead, many injured while several families fled their homes for fear of being killed by the arms wielding young men.
It was further gathered that some members of the feuding cult gangs who were bent on revenging the deaths of their members in the fight, snatched a vehicle and chased fleeing rivals to a popular bar on Makurdi-Otukpo road where they opened fire indiscriminately on innocent persons.
When contacted, the state Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Assistant Superintendent, Austin Ezeani, who confirmed the development, said the police had recorded two deaths in the incident.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 13.985673
Retrieved Text: Holiday cottage 'Lax' 4-6 persons, 42 m2 + 20 m2 (attic).
This beautiful wooden cottage is build in the Swedish traditional style and made out of robust wooden logs It is a cosy and comfortable cottage, suitable for 4-6 persons. The cottage has two separate bedrooms and an additional loft, a bathroom and a fitted kitchen and living room. The cottage is fully equipped with a shower, toilet, colour TV, full size cooker and fridge, fireplace and sofa bed. In front of the cottage you’ll find a nice furnished terrace where you can spend many lovely evenings. Duvets and pillows are on the beds. Mandatory Bed linen, bring it yourself or rent it from us.
(hand and bath towel, flannel).
This cottage has been built just like the 'Lax' in a traditional Swedish style of robust wooden logs. It is a cosy and comfortable house in which two holiday cottages have been built. Each cottage is suitable for 4-6 persons. The cottage has a separate bedroom and an additional loft, a bathroom and a fitted kitchen and living room. The cottage is fully equipped with a shower, toilet, full size cooker and fridge, fireplace and colour TV. In front of the cottage you’ll find a nice furnished terrace where you can spend many lovely evenings. Duvets and pillows are on the beds. Mandatory Bed linen, bring it yourself or rent it from us.
This cabin is suitable for 2 till 5 persons. The cottage has 3 single and 1 double bed. There is a cooker (gas), table-ware and cutlery, electric

########
Rank: 16
Score: 13.967867
Retrieved Text: The meeting of the representatives of the border guard services of Ukraine and the Russian Federation regarding two detained border guards will take place in Bryansk, where the incident occurred. Oleh Slobodyan, the Border Guard Service spokesman, said that on air of the 112 Ukraine TV channel.
“The meeting will take place at the site of the accident. The representatives of Ukraine’s State Border Guard Service and the representatives of Russia’s Border Service of the FSB. We will discuss, how our border guards got into the hands of Russian border guards. We are interested in Russia’s position on how they see the future of the situation and how they are going to resolve it,” he said.
According to him, Ukrainian side is exploring major versions of the incident. It is still unknown where detained persons are now.
As we reported earlier, two employees of the State Border Guard Service of Ukraine disappeared on Tuesday in Sumy region near the border with Russia on October 3. The next day Russia officially confirmed the detention of two officers. The Consul of Ukraine in Russia was trying to get in touch with the detainees, but he was denied, with an explanation that the detained persons haven’t been identified yet.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 13.964119
Retrieved Text: How many spots are available for wheelchairs in the concert halls used by La Slague?
Spaces are reserved for persons in wheelchairs and an accompanying person in all concert halls.
At Laurentian University’s Fraser Auditorium, 11 spots are reserved for wheelchairs and additional spots can be provided if needed.
At Collège Boréal’s Trisac Auditorium, 8 spots are reserved for wheelchairs: 4 in the upper section and 4 in the lower section of the hall.
Are there reserved parking spots for persons with reduced mobility near the entrance of the venues?
Reserved parking spots for vehicles with a handicap parking permit are available near the entrance of the venues.
At Laurentian University, 5 spots are located in Lot 1, near the entrance to Fraser Auditorium.
At Collège Boréal, 5 spots are located in Lot B3, near the entrance to Trisac Auditorium.
Are there accessible washrooms for persons with reduced mobility?
At Laurentian University, the men’s and women’s washrooms on the main floor (foyer) are accessible.
At Collège Boréal, the washrooms near the Trisac Auditorium (3 rd and 4 th floors) are accessible.
At Laurentian University, two elevators are available to access Level 0 (mezzanine) where the spots for persons with reduced mobility are located.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.940306
Retrieved Text: In summertime, we go riding Icelandic horses and stay overnight on two different farms around Hallstavik. Experience required.
In the morning, we start the riding excursion from our farm and carry a well-stocked picnic basket for an outdoor lunch. Our destination of the day is Järinge where we eat our dinner together and stay overnight.
After breakfast we continue our excursion, take a lunch and reach the destination of the day, Malsättra, where we eat our dinner together and stay overnight.
After breakfast we ride the horses homebound and take a break for a picnic lunch.
4 500:- SEK (c. 486 €)/person.
Minimum of two persons, maximum of four persons.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.932124
Retrieved Text: Two specific UVA policies define the Chemical Safety Training requirements for select University faculty, staff, and students.
University faculty, staff, and students who are required to complete Chemical Safety Training must complete at least one of the following training modules (or have properly documented completion of analogous training) in order to be considered in compliance with University policy.
Required training for Research Personnel & Students who work in a laboratory/area where chemicals are used, or who generate Hazardous (Chemical) Waste.
Required training for Non-Research Personnel who work in a laboratory/area where chemicals are used, or who generate Hazardous (Chemical) Waste.
Required training for persons who do NOT handle chemicals, but who may be accidentally exposed to chemicals where they work.
Required training ffor all students enrolled in CHEM 2411/2421.
This training, in addition to the safety quiz, must be completed in order for you to participate in your first laboratory class.
In addition to training, all persons working with Hazardous Chemicals should be well acquainted with UVA’s Chemical Hygiene Plan word | pdf.
UVA’s Chemical Hygiene Plan includes University protocols and information for working safely with chemicals and instructions for the safe handling and collection of Hazardous (Chemical) Waste.
Lab Managers & Supervisors may also provide you with specialized training for using particular chemicals or chemical products, and where appropriate, how to use personal protective equipment (PPE). If you have any questions about a chemical or about your personal protective equipment you should contact your Lab Manager/Supervisor or contact EHS at 434-982-4911.
After completing your required training (see above), you may find that you want more

########
Rank: 20
Score: 13.920943
Retrieved Text: Key pick up at Asemakuja 1-3 apartments takes place on the inner yard parking area. Arrival information and key pick up details will be sent to your email latest in the morning of the day of arrival.
Apartments are spacious and cozy. Asemakuja 1-3 features apartments from a studio to one bedroom apartments. Reviisorinkatu 10 opens up in May and features brand new studio apartments.
Standard Studio is a nice apartment which accommodates up to 4 persons. 2 good single beds and a sofa bed guarantees a good night sleep. Standard Studios feature a living area with a flat-screen tv and a dining table.
The apartment accommodated 1-4 persons. The strategic measurements of the sofabed are 120x93cm so it fits one adult, two children, a couple in love or two homies.
Even though Standard Studio is not as fancy as the other options rest assure there will be a lot more space compared to a regular hotel room.
The fully equipped kitchen has all tools, cutlery and dishes for some wining, dining and cooking. You will also find cooking paper and basic stuff like coffee, tea, kitchen towels, cooking oil, pepper and salt from the kitchen. The Studio Apartment at Asemakuja 1 features a dishwasher.
Standard Studio is a nice apartment at a brand new building opening up in May 2019 and this accommodates up to 4 persons. 2 good single beds and a sofa bed guarantees a good night sleep. Standard Studios feature a living area with a flat-screen tv and a dining table.
The apartment accommodated 1-5 persons. The strategic measurements

########
Rank: 21
Score: 13.893452
Retrieved Text: In the cable channel SBS Plus drama series “I Love You” starring Kim Hyung Jun and Kim Yoon Seo, the quarrelsome lover is well loved by the audience. And the romance that about to stage by Kim Hyung Jun and Kim Yoon Seo is attracting attention.
Recently, the crew made ​​public a set of photos where Kim Hyung Jun and Kim Yoon Seo are “hugging.” The scene is from episode 7 of the drama, where Yeon Ah goes to baseball training ground in order to vent her anger, while Min Chae seeing her constantly waves the bat, and hit a fierce ball, scaring Yeon Ah. In the photos, the two persons are as if a sweet couple, Kim Hyung Jun is hugging Kim Yoon Seo from the back, the posture of holding the bat together made many viewers jealous.
In addition, the set of stills also made a lot of fans and netiznes envy, who commented, “The two persons who are quarrelsome, looks pretty good match when standing so ambiguously,” “So fit till making people envy, so envy,” “I also want to be in the embrace of Kim Hyung Jun like Yoon Seo” and so on.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 13.892066
Retrieved Text: Maharashtra SSC Paper Leak: It has become more common these days to hear the news of paper leaks from various parts of the country. Every now and then, we come across such news where we get to hear that the papers of a certain exam have leaked. These are no less than a question mark on our system and it makes fun of the entire process of exams. The efforts seem to be less as the cases are on the higher side.
In a recent case, the police has arrested 5 persons in a paper leak case of Maharashtra SSC exam. As of now, 5 persons have been arrested and some are on the run. The arrests have been made at Bhiwandi which lies in Maharashtra’s Thane district. Out of the 5 persons who are arrested, two persons are said to be private coaching class owners. Some others who are involved in the paper leak case are on the run and efforts are being made to catch them.
Talking to media, the Deputy Commissioner of Police (Bhiwandi) Ankit Goyal said, “The Algebra, Geometry, Science I and II and History papers of 11, 13, 15, 18 and 20 March were leaked by the accused. Around a dozen students, including ten girls, who got the leaked papers on WhatsApp are also being interrogated.” The students have been questioned as they got the leaked paper on their phones. Things will be clear only when the result of the probe will be out.
According to the police, the persons who are arrested, are

########
Rank: 23
Score: 13.83874
Retrieved Text: Purdue coach Matt Painter said, "We just felt that (Tayler Persons would) be a really good player in the Big Ten."
MUNCIE, Ind. — Four months ago, Tayler Persons was itching to get this season started. The official schedule hadn’t come out yet, but he knew of one early-season opponent: Purdue.
At the time, Persons was in the midst of the best summer of his life. He had already lost about 18 pounds and eventually wound up losing about 30. He was looking forward to showcasing the player he had become, an even better version of a two-time All-MAC guard. And he was looking forward to showing a program he almost transferred to exactly what it missed.
You could hear it in Persons’ voice just how excited he was for Saturday’s game at No. 24 Purdue after he nearly signed there, and how proud he was of what he and his teammates have done at Ball State.
"I feel like the whole thing about the Purdue situation was a little difficult," Persons said over the summer. "I was on my visit and about to get offered a scholarship, and then Caleb Swanigan decommitted.
"It was weird, though, because I told my dad before that (visit) about what I felt about Ball State. My dad, at that point, was like, ‘Oh, it’s the Big Ten. It’s your school. They play tough, they’re like you.’ And then we went on that visit, and my dad knew that I was going to come here anyway, really. You know what, it was cool. I know

########
Rank: 24
Score: 13.823253
Retrieved Text: Studios of Sunday Studios in Naxos Island, Agia Anna.
There are two studio types that make an ideal option for studio rental in Naxos!
Studio no 10: It accommodates 2-3 persons. Open plan with two twin beds and one sofa. It has two balconies; the first has an amazing sea view and the other a lovely view of the town. The balcony is nicely furnished with a table and chairs where our visitors relax and enjoy the beautiful scenery of Agia Anna.
Facilities: Wi-Fi, kitchenette, en-suite shower/W.C, satellite TV, air-conditioning, hairdryer, safe box and wardrobe.
Studio no 6: It accommodates 2-3 persons. Open plan with one double bed and one single bed. It has a private balcony with a spectacular view of the Aegean Sea, Paros Island, the small port of Agia Anna and the quaint church that is built on the hill.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 13.818107
Retrieved Text: Two persons died and one was seriously injured following a head-on collision involving a van and a bowser in Wariyapola on the Kurunegala - Puttalam main road on Saturday afternoon.
The accident occurred when the van they were travelling in, first collided with the oil bowser running towards Puttalam and with another bowser parked nearby next at around 12.30 noon in the Mamunuwa area.
Three persons including two women and the driver of the van were rushed to the Wariyapola District Hospital where the woman died on admission.The other victims were transferred to the Kurunegala Teaching hospital in critical condition and the driver had succumbed to injuries there.
The deceased are Chandrasoma Perera (78) and Priyasheeli Abeywardhana Jayaweera (67) of Mawathagama. The driver of the bowser was arrested.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 13.802122
Retrieved Text: Forever Young Hostel, St Petersburg, Russia: Book Now!
Children younger 16 years cant sleep in mixed rooms, only private room.
At mixed rooms for 6 persons there are 3 comfortable bunk beds with individual place, lamp and socket.
Private rooms is also equipped with sockets and lamps near beds. There are rooms with two double beds or with two single beds and one double bed.
There are 7 rooms in our hostel. Two of them mixed for 6 persons and 5 private rooms, with a capacity of 2-4 people. There is also a living room, kitchen. Free towels, bed linen, free Wi-Fi, tea and coffee are provided at any time.
The hostel Forever Young is located in the city center, near the Cathedral of the Holy Trinity. The Forever Young Hostel is set in a historic building from 1800 and is within walking distance of the city's main attractions. All rooms offer incredible views of the Fontanka River. Near the hostel is Baltic Train Station, from which trains go to Peterhof, where you can see the fountains.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.766417
Retrieved Text: KINGSTON, Jamaica — Three hundred students from across the country are to participate in the Youth Engagement Summit of the Business Process Industry Association of Jamaica (BPIAJ) Outsource2Jamaica (O2J) Symposium and Expo.
The two-day symposium and expo will be held at the Montego Bay Convention Centre, in St James, from April 11 to 12, with the Summit taking place on the second day.
President of the BPIAJ, Gloria Henry, told JIS News that the Summit, which is being put on in partnership with Caribbean HR Solutions, will include presentations, live shows and testimonials for the invited students.
“We have a number of persons who will be giving testimonials. These are persons with tenure within the sector. They will be speaking about their experience, their transition and their growth and development,” Henry noted.
The business process outsourcing sector has grown since 2003 and has an employee count of approximately 36,000 in 60 companies as at December 2018, particularly young persons.
“This industry really provides an opportunity to learn and for persons to grow. It takes persons coming straight out of high school once they have the right attributes. They go through orientation and training and they get the opportunity to be promoted. Most companies will reimburse, if they don’t cover direct cost, for furthering your studies. There is also a wide variety of internal training opportunities for persons to train across different types of business line and services,” Henry explained.
In keeping with the growth trend and industry demands, the BPIAJ has embarked on preparing industry specific educational certification through partnerships with a

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.763024
Retrieved Text: The blend of Beaches & Beauties with superb hospitality stand Goa to call Honeymooners to experience a Sun sand beach honeymoon tour in India. Goa – It’s much more than sea and beaches .The Rich Goan culture, amazing night life, exhilarating water sports,the prettiest natural scenery, ancient churches and temples have made it one of the best beach destinations for Honeymoon. Goa Honeymoon Packages cost are available at best deal which are based on well advance booking with best goa honeymoon resorts.You can avail these Goa honeymoon tour packages cost with airfare prices from Delihi,Chennai, Hyderabad, Mumbai,Kolkata,Kerala, Bangalore, Pune,Surat,Ahmedabad ,Moradabad, Rudrapur,Haldwani and other cities In India.
Airport-Hotel-Airport transfers by sharing A/C Coach.
Aaccommodation in well appointed centrally VRV air-conditioned Deluxe Room with Satellite connection LCD TV, DVD player, Mini Bar, and Electric Safe & Telephone.
Buffet Meal Daily Breakfast, Dinner.
Complimentary two bottles of packed drinking water, replenished daily.
One Half day Sightseeing by sharing A.C. Coach/Car.
04Days/03Nights Goa Honeymoon package Cost: INR 21,500 Approx for Two Persons.
05Days/04Nights Goa Honeymoon package: INR 26,500 Approx for Two Persons.
06Days/05Nights Goa Honeymoon package Cost: INR 31,600 Approx for Two Persons.
07Days/06Nights Goa Honeymoon package: INR 37,500 Approx for Two Persons.
04Days/03Nights Goa Honeymoon package Cost: INR 29,500 Approx for Two Persons.
05Days/04Nights Goa Honeymoon package: INR 34,900 Approx for Two Persons.
06Days/05Nights Goa Honeymoon package Cost: INR 40,900 Approx for Two Persons.
07Days/06Nights Goa Honeymoon package: INR 44,500 Approx for Two Persons.
accommodation Well appointed Deluxe/Super Deluxe Room.
Two bottles of Mineral water complimentary in the room per day.
One Full Day sightseeing tour in a AC Coach.
Free usage of swimming pool (with

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.726058
Retrieved Text: Villa Paola is an authentic Dalmatian house with 2 apartments capacity up to 4 - 8 persons. It is located in the old part of Primosten 50 m from the sea and main port ,very cozy. Apartments are equipped with air conditioning, heating, free wi-fi, kitchen, TV with satellite. Parking is provided outside the Old village. The kitchen is equipped with electric cooker, refrigerator, cutlery and crockery.
Apartment is located in the Old town (centar). 40 m away from the sea. Around is big yard where you can enjoy in a beautiful surrounding. Apartment, capacity up to 4 persons, consists of one bedroom with double size bed and an extra bed in living room for two persons. It has kitchen with cooker, fridge, microvawe, bathroom with shower cabin. In the yard is outdoor furniture and place to make barbeque. A secured parking place is outside the Old village included in price. Discount for longer stays and affordable price.
Apartment is located in the Old town 40 m from the beach. It is on the first floor of the house, with a big terrace which provides beautiful view on the sea. Consists of one bedroom with double size bed, and an extra bed for two persons in living room, kitchen with cooker, fridge, microvawe, bathroom with shower cabin. Apartment is equipped with internet, TV, air - condition. Secured parking place is outside the Old village included in price.

================



======= Instance Index 4 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: Can you accompany me while I am singing.

W: I don't play very well, but I will give it a try.

Question: What does the man want the woman to do? 

- To play the piano.

- To give a performance.

- To sing a song.

Target Text: To play the piano.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 24.977272
Retrieved Text: On the Internet you can find many articles that tell you have to do so many things to get a man to commit. But how many of those articles are factual? Remember, men like to keep it simple. In order for a man to want to commit to you, he needs to feel that you will simplify his life, while adding to his happiness.
In other words, keep the drama to a minimum. Although some men may not be ready to make a full commitment to a woman within the first month or two months dating her, it does not mean they cannot fall in love and be excited to get married to the woman of their dreams.
Men have no clue how they truly feel about a woman in the long-term until they become brave enough to get to know a woman beyond her looks and the physical pleasures she can offer.
In other words, you have just as much of a shot to land your dream man than any other woman. To make yourself as attractive as possible to the man of your dreams, you need to give him the right impression about you from the start. Do not chase him.
Men want to know as they continue to give more of themselves to a woman that they can keep her happy in the long term. Until a man feels great about himself and what he can offer to a woman, he does not want her to have high expectations of him. He doesn’t want her to fall

########
Rank: 1
Score: 24.689686
Retrieved Text: A lot of people have said and even suggested that if you are in a relationship and your guy doesn't spend or lavish money on you,then you are not really loved. Hmmm,this is now one of the romantic topics that have made headlines in relationships. Well,a relationship blogger and Psychologist,whose name is Joro Olumofin has a different opinion. In his open letter to single men still searching,he says : Don't start spending money or splashing money on any girl you want to marry''. Do you agree with Mr. Joro? Is that how to be in a relationship?
Come to think of it: A man says he wants to marry a woman and he definitely has to prove that he is capable,and able to keep his woman in good condition right?. How will this suitor prove his claims if he listens to Joro and does not spend money on his woman? Hmm,Mr.Joro,is this is how to be in a right relationship sir??
Okay,let's take another direction: A young man sees a lady and he likes her the way she is,except that she likes money and men who are really want to spend on her. Yes, he doesn't really have the money to spend on the woman and he doesn't want to lose her either. What he next chooses to do is to go borrow money and begin to splash it on her for the woman to accept him. What do you think? Will this young man really keep the woman at home after marriage when she discovers that her

########
Rank: 2
Score: 24.234268
Retrieved Text: 2. What are the two speakers mainly talking about?
A. What they do while traveling.
B. When they do their homework.
C. How they spend their spare time.
3. What is the probable relationship between the two speakers?
4. What happens to Mr Jordan?
A. He is ill. B. He is out of work. C. He is on holiday.
A. She wants to go on watching TV.
B. She wants the man to turn the TV off.
C. She does not mind what the man will do.
6. What is the conversation mainly about?
A. Ordering a radio. B. Having the radio fixed.
C. Looking for a radio repair shop.
7. What does the woman expect the man to do?
A. Repair her radio. B. Listen to her radio.
C. Buy a new radio for her.
8. What does the man prefer to do?
A. Watch games outside. B. Watch TV at home.
C. Play ball games with his friends.
9. What does the woman want the man to do?
A. Do some physical exercise.
B. Watch ball games on TV at home.
C. Play a football game with his friends.
10. What are the two speakers mainly talking about?
A. A chemistry test. B. William Carlos Williams.
11. What does the woman want the man to do?
A. To choose a topic for her report.
B. To help her do better in her report.
C. To prepare her report on the poet.
12. When will the two speakers probably meet?
A. At about 2:00 pm. B. At about 4:00 pm.
C. At about 7:00 pm.
A. At the party. B. At the library. C. At Professor Blake’s.
14. What is the probable relationship between the two speakers?
A. Fellow

########
Rank: 3
Score: 23.472895
Retrieved Text: Home Russian brides Why Russian Women Look for Love Abroad?
You probably know that Russian ladies are very beautiful and lovely women but also they are open-hearted, tolerant and womanly. Unfortunately, we cannot say the same about Western ladies. This is one of the reasons why foreigners look for a Russian bride. But why do Russian women look for a husband abroad if they are pretty and clever, well-educated, have successful career in their country? Let’s try to understand this tendency from the point of view of a Russian woman.
Why do Russian Brides look for a love abroad?
A lot of people can firmly say that Russian woman is sitting on dating sites online because she simply wants to meet a rich foreigner and to move to his country in order not to work, simply to say that she wants an easy life. Why does not she want to marry with a man from her country? Why does she want to move, to change the place of living? She is a successful woman here, maybe she has a child or she has never been married. Only try to meet your love in your country. But there are a lot of reasons why Russian single lady wants to go abroad. She understands that the children will be born abroad and will be automatically the citizens of that country but Russian men do not think over this question.
Russian men, as a rule, do not appreciate Russian ladies. They are used to see our women beautiful and pretty, to have two

########
Rank: 4
Score: 23.307608
Retrieved Text: Directions: In this section，you will hear six conversations between two speakers. For each conversation, there are several questions and each question is followed by three choices marked A, B and C. Listen carefully and then choose the best answer for each question.
A. Wednesday.          B. Thursday. C. Friday.
1.      What will the woman do first?
A. Take a shower.    B. Go camping. C. Set up a time.
2. When will the man probably call the woman?
A. Thursday. B. Friday. C. Sunday.
3.      What is the man going to do?
A, Have a coffee break. B. See a doctor. C. Buy a pet.
4.      What happened to the man?
A. He fell ill.      B. He lost his dog. C. He slept badly.
5.      What is the woman?
A. A bus driver.         B. A waitress. C. A tour guide.
6.      What does the man want to get?
A. Some gifts. B. A menu. C. A bus schedule.
7.      What did the man do yesterday?
A. He saw a movie. B. He watched TV.
C. He visited some friends.
8.      What time will the speakers probably meet this Saturday evening?
A. At 6:30.        B. At 7:00.        C. At 7:30.
9.      Which of the following will the man buy?
A. Some drinks.        B. A birthday cake. G. Concert tickets.
10. What is the woman doing now?
A.     She is serving a customer.
B.     She is conducting an interview.
C.     She is doing some recording.
11 .When does the man go to the nursing home?
A. Tuesdays.    B. Thursdays. C. Sundays.
12.   Where will the man probably be working next Monday?
A.     At the airport nearby.
C.     At the store downtown.
13.   Why does the woman call the man?
A.     The oven doesn’t work.
B.     The

########
Rank: 5
Score: 23.211435
Retrieved Text: 2. Where do the Old Man and Old Woman live?
3. Which of the following does the Old Man say his occupation is?
4. Who is the first guest?
5. What is interesting about the Orator?
6. The theatrical movement that Ionesco spearheaded was which of the following?
7. What shape is the stage of The Chairs?
8. Who do the Old Man and Old Woman pay their respects to before committing suicide?
9. What does the audience do after the Orator leaves?
10. With whom was the Old Man once in love?
11. What does the Old Woman often ask the Old Man to imitate?
12. What does the Old Woman do after the room is filled?
13. Who is invited to the message?
14. In what city does the Old Man's story take place?
15. What famous play by Samuel Beckett came out in the same year as The Chairs?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 22.99976
Retrieved Text: What If Understanding Men Could Be Easy?
Imagine if you could truly discover what makes a man adore you and never want to leave?
I’m Bob Grant, Professional Life Coach. I’ll share the truth about how men think and what they really want.
a married woman who wants to awaken her marriage.
All relationship advice is not created equal.
In fact, a lot of relationship advice about men simply does not work.
Why? Because it’s focused on how women think instead of how men think. It’s focused on short-term results that actually prevent a man from falling and staying in love with a woman.
I’ve been a clinical relationship expert for 20 years. My specialty is helping women understand how men think so they know what to do to make sure a man will want to date, marry, and never leave them.
This relationship advice DOES work. Every insight and suggestion I’ll give you has been tried, tested, and proven to work by over 50,000 women in 50 different countries.
Let me show you how to create the relationship you’ve always dreamed of the same way I’ve helped thousands of women…just like you.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 22.640715
Retrieved Text: 5 Ways To Become a Dream Man – Do You Want to Make Women Interested In You? Or do you want every woman to love you? That’s impossible! But, it still possible if 75-90% of women love You… Or simply, at least you can get the attention of your ideal woman.
Look at Johnny Depp! I think more than 80% of women in this world admire him.
There are many ways to be dream man. For that, you should be able to become a competent man in many respects. You have to be what women want, but that does not mean you have to follow what the women say, but you have to be a man who desired by every woman. One of them is how you are to treat women.
First thing to become a dream man is you have to start learning to hold back the ego. Men are known for their hard ego and often will not budge. So try to hold your ego a bit when it comes to love.
Sometimes, whatever the man does, it will always be wrong in women’s mind. Maybe because women want us to succumb, to always understand them.
A caring man, always attracts many women to approach him. Women love attention and affection. So to get the attention of women, men should learn to care more about women.
Noteworthy is, do not give too much attention. Be a cool guy. But that does not mean you become too cool, pay reasonable attention.
The man who is predictable, looks unattractive and flat. Meanwhile, the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 22.267567
Retrieved Text: It is an expression of affection in romantic relationships that come from within the two conjugal lovers. Love can be expressed in thousands of ways but nobody can say which one is the most satisfactory for them.
Elder women yearn for respect far more than the younger lot. So, pay her the respect she deserves. Never try to remind her of her actual age and dont ever take advantage of her age. She has seen a lot more of life. So, never take her for granted.
What Do Women Want In Men?
What makes a man ideal in the eyes of a woman? A woman needs continuous flow of love and affection from her man. The man is supposed to exchange a few words regarding any domestic, professional or personal issues with his wife.
Women hate men who lie. When she sees her man to be impractical and dishonest, then nothing can save the bond. If honesty and transparency is not there in a relationship, then whats the use of carrying it on?
Theres nothing wrong in being gay. Some people are born this way. Like being straight, it is just another natural way of expressing ones sexuality. Meanwhile, we all can hope for a better tomorrow for all gay people from all corners of the world.
Women always crave for real admiration. She doesnt want to be complimented for something that she doesnt have in her. Have you ever wondered what stirs women the most? Yes, you are righther mans words. But, what kind of words?
Should You Date A Married Woman?
Dating

########
Rank: 9
Score: 22.244175
Retrieved Text: There was once, a time when every romance had a fairy tale ending, in which all young lovers came to the happiness of marriage when the story ended. Today, romance has evolved to various types of dating arrangements and not all end in marriage. However, for many people, marriage is the last phase for a couple in love. Knowing how to get a marriage proposal from the man who loves you is a very important factor in achieving lasting marital happiness. Follow these steps to achieve it.
Meet a man that is a good match and that has seriousness to be in a long-term relationship. Find someone with an education and a socioeconomic level similar to yours to increase the chances of a successful long-term relationship. Begin to see yourself in “casual dating,” but leave for later any serious discussion about your desire for a happy marriage.
Continue dating for several months. Prepare a dinner Go to the cinema. Have a field day in the park. Take the time to get to know you and develop a solid relationship based on love and trust. Do not press him with hints about the desire for a happy marriage with him until they have been dating for a while.
Relationship expert John Molloy, author of the book “Why Men Marry Some Women and Not Others” (“Why men marry some women and not others”), says that women who press a man with hints about marriage too soon, for example in the first 6 to 8 months of relationship, will probably scare him

########
Rank: 10
Score: 22.186531
Retrieved Text: This English tutorial is a revision of spelling of endings of the 3rd person singular verbs and about adverbs, that go with Present Simple tense.
positive or negative and really feel comfortable using this particular tense.
grammar in examples and just reviewing a few keywords.
This English tutorial is a revision of spelling of endings of the 3rd person singular present simple.
ENGLISH WOMAN: Now, we can speak English. We can ask questions. We can reply to questions. When do you want to speak English?
AMERICAN MAN: I want to speak English soon.
INDIAN WOMAN: I want to speak English very soon.
ENGLISH WOMAN: Why do you want to speak English?
INDIAN WOMAN: I want to speak English to work.
MAN: I need to speak English.
AMERICAN MAN: What do you need?
INDIAN WOMAN: I need to eat because I am hungry.
ENGLISH WOMAN: How do you learn English?
WOMAN: I learn English Online.
ENGLISH WOMAN: Who do you speak English with?
AMERICAN MAN: I speak English with my teacher. She speaks English very well. She is a good teacher.
ENGLISH WOMAN: What do you do?
AMERICAN MAN: I do not understand “Do you Do“?
ENGLISH WOMAN: That is normal there are two do’s in English. “Do” is an auxiliary: What do you eat? “Do” is a verb also. I do work. You do the work.
AMERICAN MAN: We do something. They do something as well.
ENGLISH WOMAN: Do you understand? Can you do English grammar exercises?
S + always + V + O .
Do/Don’t + S + always + V + O ?
S + V + O + EVERY DAY + .
S + V + O

########
Rank: 11
Score: 22.06305
Retrieved Text: Understanding a woman is like a rocket science for some men. They can't distinguish what a woman likes from what she doesn't, they feel everything a man does should be what satisfies a woman. This is a dilemma which seems to bring no joy into marriage or relationship between couple. For a man who desires to be real and responsible, it's no big deal for him to learn what are the things that would bring joy between himself and his spouse. These things are little but much and expensive for a man who has no clue on what to do to make his wife happy.
1. Women like a responsible man.
A man who puts her first and not trade her for any of his hobbies or buddies. Some men would rather spend time outside doing what they see as hobbies or hang out with friends all the time while they leave their wives hanging alone at home. Women are like boomerang, what you throw is what comes back to you. A woman that enjoys no attention from his man would give no attention to the man when he needs it from her.
If you want a real attention from your woman you need to learn how to give her attention when she needs it.
2. Women enjoy complements a lot.
A little bit of complement every now and then won't hurt at all. Tell her how good she looks all the time. When she puts on a new dress let her know you're aware that the dress is new and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 22.061132
Retrieved Text: Wow! Only if we knew, life would have been that much more easier. What is a man really thinking? Why does he think the way he does? Why is it so difficult to crack this code? Well, lets be optimistic, maybe nature made man the way he is so as to strike a balance. A whole world with 'woman- thinking' or a whole world with 'man- thinking, ' would be boring wouldn't it? What is the fun when your husband or boyfriend thinks and feels the way you do? It would be like looking into a mirror, knowing exactly what to expect next.
Now lets see what goes on in a man's mind. Did you know that a man is less complicated than what he actually seems. What do men want? Very simple, they need a sense of security (like most women) and the feel that they can trust you completely. They love taking care of women, to the extent of pampering their manliness. On the same level they look up to women who are confident and emotionally strong (when I say strong, I don't mean overpowering or over bearing). When you run to your man with problems at the drop of a hat and be the lost puppy at every occasion, he might be all sympathetic and lend you a shoulder to cry, but, not for long. Its good to share your problems and work together at solving it, but learn where to draw the line.
Intuition levels in a man is not as high as in

########
Rank: 13
Score: 22.058668
Retrieved Text: Jupiter in Relationship Astrology: How do this laid back guy and this firebrand woman get along in reality, though? Your post could have been avout the last Aries man I dated. Traits of a Leo Man. Help me to understand my Aries man and what should I do about our relationship. Myself, no children and a libra dating aries woman He automatically takes the lead physically, but she at times may want to control the situation through her ideas.
I want him desperately no doubt but libra dating aries woman it right? He does thing that make me think he is madly in love with me and never acts on it. Especially when Pisces transitions into Aries. Cook food at home and save money from eating out at restaurants. The one with his heart is who win? Show some of your famous independence. I've known my Libra man for 6 yrs plus and we were 2gether for about 4 months day and night for those months.
LI-AR (libra-aries) by: CGmiami I soleyly understand all comments and appreciate them. My situation is so similar to most. Dating a aries man w/several children, not a typical job (basically on call). Myself, no children and a regular Even when the Aries woman is dating the Libra man, she will need to control her tongue to maintain their friendship. Else everything will go down the drain. Else everything will go down the drain. But the Aries woman is fiercely loyal, and the . Aries and Libra are directly opposite one another in

########
Rank: 14
Score: 22.056828
Retrieved Text: When the secular perspective. Well, trying to date? Fifteen years older or younger man can date younger women way older women may never experience. Should avoid marrying an older person to date today. Author topic: james preece, could do missionary dating black men, and love each other dating younger men should you? Once upon older woman dating. The bible say about dating younger. Be a 20 years older man - the ask.
Congratulations and she says that age want to my girl. In it is to watch out younger woman who are immature guys who've survived tough times can be a younger. Fifteen years before marriage with the because they are online dating a christian, all christian, he is, their. Went dating younger woman? Author topic: may 12, she is a younger man looking for simon mugabe who share. In the leader in the christian man you a girl 20 year old man. Want to marry off limits for a younger men - an older men other very young, educational ministries center for a key difference is. When dating a learning experience. If they work and ernest is like gold dust on a younger man, in the presence of course advised, faith. Girls dating sites.
Rule, it natural for a good man marries an older woman to rule out, style. She. We have a younger man, but the bible does not about your friend be declared at church engaged to meet eligible single man. Sep 7 years younger guy. Christianman, and jan 14, is robbing the christian, but

########
Rank: 15
Score: 22.004549
Retrieved Text: Whenever the educated or the uneducated man or woman does not think the way he or she is expected to, it is neither applauded nor appreciated. The same is not expected every time he or she wants to think.
The non-appreciation of the thinking happens in the moment and is known in the moment by those who expect him or her what to think.
Wisdom reveals that this is proof that man neither decides nor predicts nor thinks. Wisdom reveals that even the movement of the hand to press the button happens and the brain does not make the movement happen in the moment.
Wisdom further reveals that thinking happens for understanding to happen that only moving is in every moment and that every moment is only moving. Also, for wise understanding to happen that moving in every moment is instinct and instinct cannot be controlled by man or his brain.
Does not think the way he or she is expected to think happens for understanding to happen that thinking is not an actuality in a moment. Does not think the way he or she is expected to think happens for understanding to happen that thinking in any moment is illusory and not real. Does not think the way he or she is expected to think happens for understanding to happen that thinking is not present, but only moving is present. Also, for understanding to happen that moving in any moment is instinct.
The moving happens for understanding to happen that when the moving is accepted as thinking, it is believed

########
Rank: 16
Score: 22.000793
Retrieved Text: THERE was once upon a time a Fisherman who lived with his wife in a miserable hovel close by the sea, and every day he went out fishing. And once as he was sitting with his rod, looking at the clear water, his line suddenly went down, far down below, and when he drew it up again, he brought out a large Flounder. Then the Flounder said to him, "Hark, you Fisherman, I pray you, let me live, I am no Flounder really, but an enchanted prince. What good will it do you kill me? I should not be good to eat, put me in the water again, and let me go." "Come," said the Fisherman, "there is no need for so many words about it - a fish that can talk I should certainly let go, anyhow," with that he put him back again into the clear water, and the Flounder went to the bottom, leaving a long streak of blood behind him. Then the Fisherman got up and went home to his wife in the hovel.
"Husband," said the woman, "have you caught nothing to-day?" "No," said the man, "I did catch a Flounder, who said he was an enchanted prince, so I let him go again." "Did you not wish for anything first." said the woman. "No," said the man; "what should I wish for?" "Ah," said the woman, "it is surely hard to have to live always in this dirty hovel; you might have wished for a small cottage for us. Go back

########
Rank: 17
Score: 21.959661
Retrieved Text: As our society has become more progressive, we have made every effort to eliminate the masculine from the picture. Real men are becoming harder to find, as the Political Correctness movement has launched an all out effort against them.
A real man does not do housework because it is womens work. Sure, when the wife is ill or an emergency comes up, a real man will lend a hand but generally a real man has a real woman to do his housework for them both.
A real man supports his family. His wife does not earn a paycheck, but she spends most of his! His family is financially supported by his efforts. He will do whatever it takes to keep a roof over the heads of his family and ensure that they have plenty to eat.
A real man does not leave his wife for another woman, ever! He is true to his marriage vows and will do whatever it takes to hold his marriage together. He will treasure his wife and treat her like the special creature that she is. His world is his wife and family.
A real man is a solid father. He teaches his children manners, and ethics. His children are taught to mind and be concerned about other peoples feelings and property. You want his children to be the kids next door to your house.
A real man is the king of his house. He has the final word on major decisions. He is very concerned about the happiness of all of the members of his

########
Rank: 18
Score: 21.945114
Retrieved Text: Men are more powerful than women; intrinsically more powerful than women; more powerful than women by design. Men are superior to women in the masculine sphere; women are superior to men in the feminine sphere, power being part of the masculine sphere, therefore men being more powerful than women.
Men were evolved to be more powerful than women because men have to be more powerful than women in order to serve their purpose and function as men. No woman wants to mate and have babies with a weak man, therefore weak men don’t pass on their genes, therefore men have to develop skills and abilities and inclinations genetically in order to be strong men, a strong man a woman will want to have babies with.
What about power in a woman? A man wants a woman who is kind, generous, emotionally sensitive, pretty, playful, doting on children, and who will SUBMIT TO HIM! A man wants a woman to take care of, who is dependent upon him, who needs him, who is grateful and appreciative for all he does for her. A woman who is part of his mission and his purpose as a man, a woman who serves her role as a woman as part of the man’s overall plan and purpose of who he intends to be as a man.
Does a man want to mate with and have babies with a woman he can overpower, a woman he can dominate, a woman who is weaker than him? Hell yes! Of course.
A weak man is a worthless

########
Rank: 19
Score: 21.89362
Retrieved Text: 1.What time is it now?
2.What does the woman think of the weather?
4.What is the woman’s opinion about the course?
5. What does the woman want the man to do ?
A. Speak louder. B. Apologize to her. C. Turn off the radio.
6. How long did Michael stay in China?
A. Five days. B. One week. C.Two weeks.
7. Where did Michael go last year?
A. Russia. B. Norway. C. India.
8.Whet food does Sally like?
9.What are the speakers going to do?
A.Cook dinner. B.Go shopping. C.Order dishes.
11.When is the report due ?
12.What does George suggest Stephanie do with the report?
14.What kind of apartment do the speakers prefer?
15.How much rent should one pay for the one-bedroom apartment?
16.Where is the apartment the speakers would like to see?
A.On Lake Street B.On Market C.On South Street.
17.What percentage of the world’s tea exports go to Britain?
18.Why do tea taster taste tea with milk?
A.Most British people drink tea that way.
B.Tea tastes much better with milk.
C.Tea with milk is healthy.
19.Who suggests a price for each tea?
20.What is the speaker talking about?
A.The life of tea tasters.
C.The London Tea Trade Centre.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 21.890867
Retrieved Text: 1. SHE DOESN’T NEED HIM TO MAKE POWER MOVES. Weak men can’t handle a boss b*tch. A weak man is intimidated by a woman who can get up and go with no questions asked.
2. SHE REQUIRES MORE TIME FROM HIM THAN MONEY. His time is more valuable to her than his money. Most weak men spend more time in the streets with their boys instead of being at home with their woman. Anyone can buy you a few gifts, but time is priceless. Gifts and money are replaceable, but time can never be replaced. She knows that if he gives her his time, she too is valuable to him.
3. SHE CAN BE DISRESPECTFUL WITH HER MOUTH WHEN SHE DEMANDS RESPECT. It can come off as verbal abuse at times and although it’s not acceptable, she does not want to be your mother. She does not want to raise a man. She gets frustrated because at this age, she expects a man to know what needs to be done around the home and in the relationship. A strong man is patient and understanding. He will put her in check if she gets out of pocket, but he respects her feelings and can handle her sharpness.
4. SHE KNOWS HER WORTH AND WILL ACCEPT NOTHING LESS. She has high standards that a weak man will find difficult to meet. Nothing will seem good enough and because of that he will seek validation from a woman with lower standards. A strong man is always willing to grow and go above

########
Rank: 21
Score: 21.889374
Retrieved Text: Masculine energy is all about breaking free from constraints, overcoming, closing the deal, protecting, providing.... All absolutely necessary components for a woman to experience from a man so she feels safe and flourishes in her femininity.
When a feminine woman is allowed to be feminine, her level of desire (sexual and otherwise) increases dramatically for the man she is with. This is because she is allowing herself to be a cherished, protected, woman who can relax, feel safe, and trust her man.
So in the courtship process a man shows his masculinity through paying for meals (I am a strong provider, if you bear children and become vulnerable, I will protect you ). A man shows his masculinity by hunting more efficiently than other men (as the initiator, strategist in conquering her heart, the LEADER) that beats out other opponents (showing that you can protect and provide should a threat to your family's safety appear.) If he plans the dates and has plans for his life-- he is a man with direction and deep purpose, which makes him stable and capable of deeply loving you as the woman. A man wandering aimlessly to find his purpose is often not yet ready for long term commitment.
This happens in nature as well....let's talk physiology: you have the egg in the woman's womb ready to be claimed and impregnated by the sperm than beats out all the others. Almost every female client of mine that comes to me DEEPLY LONGS for STRONG masculine energy in a man. It is something so

########
Rank: 22
Score: 21.750927
Retrieved Text: Read a couple of good books on the differences between men and women and also one on the differences in personalities. If you do, it may prevent thousands of arguments or misunderstandings.
Women offer unsolicited advice and give direction, and men usually don’t take advice very well. The woman thinks she is just trying to help, but the man thinks she doesn’t trust him to make the right decision.
Men are visual creatures; once an image is in their head, it’s hard to get it out. Women are more inclined to remember emotions or how something made them feel.
Lord, I want to be a woman of wisdom and understanding. Help me comprehend why men are the way they are and how I can improve in my communication and friendships. Amen.
Now as a woman, I can completely agree with this. This is all we are ever trying to do when it comes to helping our men. The other day, me and my man were having a conversation about this exact thing. Giving advice to each other is something we do but sometimes it is not always received well, not just on one end but both. We came to the conclusion that it all comes down to the way we think. He told me that when a man comes home from a long and hard day of work, he just wants to feel as though it is not all in vain. So when he’s out there working hard, dealing with ridiculous work demands, horrible bosses or whatever, when he comes

########
Rank: 23
Score: 21.661333
Retrieved Text: When a guy asks you for a date the first time, he does so because he believes that you are someone he considers fortunate enough to spend an evening with. For whatever reason(s), the woman he invites has conveyed the idea that she is – for lack of a better term – quite expensive. There is something of value to her that a man finds appealing. It may be her independence or her ability to be at ease. Whatever it is, she is someone that he is drawn toward.
Maintaining your value means you maintain your mystery. Don’t give more to him than he does to you. You are the one who determines your value, not him. Sometimes you have to reinforce that belief by creating distance. One of the worst things you can do is to act strong and independent for the first few dates and then become emotionally dependent on him for ALL of your happiness. Men can’t handle that kind of responsibility.
From a man’s perspective, this goes hand in hand with your Value. Women who are easy to please are those who appreciate a man’s efforts, even when those efforts leave a woman lacking. This doesn’t mean you should lie and say you like something when you really despise it, rather it means to acknowledge his effort to make you happy. Believe me, he’ll notice that you were merely appreciative and not thrilled. If, however, you are annoyed, he’ll notice that too, but he won’t have much incentive to do a better job next

########
Rank: 24
Score: 21.606022
Retrieved Text: If a woman leaves a man, it does not always mean that she does not love him anymore. In fact, women can leave men they love too. The most common reason why is because the man is not present. Men spend a lot of time working, watching TV, going out with friends, playing games… This is not a had behavior, because they can still manage to be good fathers that support their family. However, if they don’t pay enough attention to their partner, she could feel neglected and she might even leave.
Here is what every man needs to know, to keep a woman by his side, happy and satisfied.
Simply, you don’t own her soul. Maybe you win her on the first date, but that doesn’t’ mean you should stop there. Be there for her every day, every moment. Talk to your woman about what matters to her and to feel that you’re listening to her.
Women don’t want absent-minded men, especially in your intimate moments. She wants to feel your passion. Show her that she still arouses you. If you’ve lost it, find out the reason. Once it will be discovered, you will definitely feel alive again. And, she will stay!
Try to listen to your wife. Ask her, what is on her mind. Try to notice things. Look at her deeply. If she asks what you’re doing, just tell her: “I’m looking into you. I want to see you deeply. I’m curious about who you are. After all these years I still want to know who you

########
Rank: 25
Score: 21.564224
Retrieved Text: Perhaps you have dated socialites, gym trainers, actresses, and are tired of trying to be the "cool guy." Being the cool guy can be an exhausting role to play every day, especially when you are dating women who may be more concerned about physical appearance than what is on the inside. Now you are ready to settle down and find a sweet, good-hearted Midwestern girl to marry. To attract all the right women to your online profile, you should seek to emulate these qualities in your profile.
Women who want to marry high-quality men want to know that they respect women. If you are from the East Coast, then you are going to have to work extra hard to prove that you have values to a woman from the Midwest. In your profile page, do not be afraid to talk about the good relationship you have with your mother or sister. Maybe you can talk about your mother's role in influencing you to attend medical school or start your own business. Women who have a good head on their shoulders only date men who have respect for the women in their lives.
The whole macho act can only go so far. While you may attract that 20-something sorority girl at the gym, you will not attract the female attorney who helps pro bono clients. What does attract women with intelligence is a man who can unabashedly show kindness to others. A man who is a class act will be able to attract the attention of a woman who

########
Rank: 26
Score: 21.555437
Retrieved Text: If you are struggling with the issue of homosexuality in your own life, I believe that gratefully living within the parameters God has established for His children is a key to gaining the victory.
Accept with gratitude that which God has offered you. In the Garden of Eden, God gave man to eat of the Tree of Life, not the Tree of the Knowledge of Good and Evil. Their ingratitude cost them untold sorrow and woe. God also created an helpmeet for Adam: a woman. In His infinite wisdom and love for the well-being of man, He gave him the gift of a woman to be by his side. There was no alternative. So, did God make a mistake? Did He not know what He was doing? Did He somehow not understand the needs of the man He Himself had just created?
I have children. While on one of my recent engagements overseas I went to great lengths to find what I thought would be a very special surprise for them. I searched in each country I visited for what I had in mind. Finally, I found them. Arriving home at the airport, I had them sticking out the top of my backpack.
“What’s that?” they both asked excitedly.
“I have a surprise for you,” I said.
“What is it?” they jumped up and down in excitement.
I took down my back pack and gave them each a doll. Little Heidi I gave to my little girl, and little Peter I gave to my little boy. I just knew they would both

########
Rank: 27
Score: 21.554161
Retrieved Text: Completing listening materials, the script of audio tape listening SMA 2013 has been posted, and now we have the listening test script for 2012. To practice listening test, you should have the audio test and the test book (soal). For the audio MP3 file, you can download here and for the test book, you can see here.
To make listening test practice easier, you are recommended to have the audio transcript. Meanwhile the first two materials have to be in hand, the third is used as reference when you get some difficulties in doing the listening practice. And here we go,the transcript of listening section for SMA 2012.
In this section of the test, you will have the chance to show how well you understand spoken English. There are four parts to this section with special direction for each part.
Directions: In this part of the test, you will hear some dialogues and questions spoken in English. The questions and the dialogues will be spoken twice. They will not be printed in your test book, so you must listen carefully to understand what the speakers are saying.
After you listen to the dialogue and the question about it, read the five possible answers, and decide which one would be the best answer to the question you have heard. Now listen to a sample question.
Man : We are almost out of cereal.
Woman : I know. I will go to the grocery store to buy some more. I will also get some milk, bread and fruit.
Man : Would you get me some

########
Rank: 28
Score: 21.544197
Retrieved Text: Is there no such sin as a wayward daughter? If so, why not?
The translation of בין אדם לחבירו is between man and his fellow man. 1) Does בין אדם לחבירו also apply to women? 2) If it does, then shouldn't it be worded בין אשה לחבירה or בין אשה לחברתה?
Should an unmarried woman light one or two Shabbat candles?
Is there a halachic difference of a married women covering her hair in the presence of Jews or Gentiles? Even if you hold like the chasam sofer who says that it's Deoraisa?
Nose rings allowed or not allowed?
The Torah states that Eliezer gave Rivka a golden nose ring...Based on the Torah it is allowed. What I want to know is why people do not accept this and discourage it.
I've read this re women drinking the havdala wine, though do women need to hear havdala at all? If they miss it, should they say the brachos themselves?
Is counting the Omer nowadays considered a time-bound Mitzva that women are exempt from?
I heard the guys aren't allowed to touch themselves because its wasted seed but what about girls. Would that be okay?
I hear that many people won't allow a woman to be a mashgiach. Why is this?
Is it permissible to marry a non-religious Jewish women? How it is possible or how is it not-possible?
1) What are the halachic applications for shaking hands with a woman? 2) Does this apply to only non-Jewish women or Jewish women?
Why is Avigayil still called “Naval's wife” after she marries David?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 21.53964
Retrieved Text: So I’ve been thinking about how serious my posts have been lately, and I figured I’m going to write something real smooth this time. Wait wait. My article hasn’t started yet.
Hola Gentleman (and ladies) !
Describe women with one word. What’s the first word that crosses your mind?
Come on. Think about it just for a second will ya?
If you are a regular man this is probably what you were thinking, “Complicated”.
If you are an irregular (😂) man these are what you would have come up with, “Feisty, Sensitive, Bossy, Hormonal, Pushy, Clingy, High-maintenance 😒” and a hundred more along those lines.
The only things a woman really needs are food, water and shelter. However because women are so complicated they ‘want’ a lot of things from their man (other than love, respect and support of-course). I’m going to help you poor clueless souls just a little bit. Thank me later.
Let’s start with the most serious stuff. Take this list very seriously.
Make her feel safe – She really does feel like the safest place in the world is in your arms. Hug her. Ask her to close her eyes. Whisper something in her ear, something comforting, something she’ll like to hear (mean what you say – she’ll know if you don’t). She’ll start listening to your heartbeat and she’ll feel safe immediately. Yes, it’s that easy. Why is it that you still figure out a way to make her feel not safe?
Be honest – Don’t lie to her. Lying is the easiest way to create some tension between the

================



======= Instance Index 5 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: I can't figure out what's wrong with my watch. It was just a month ago that I had it repaired.

M: Don't waste your time and money any more. It's very old watch and it is quite worn out.

Question: What does the man mean? 

- It will take about one month to repair the watch.

- The watch is no longer worth repairing.

- It is a good idea to keep the old watch.

Target Text: The watch is no longer worth repairing.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.681082
Retrieved Text: Description: Today there are many varying opinions and much controversy regarding sexuality. What does it mean to be a man? What does it mean to be a woman? Today we look at the story of Adam and Eve and what God says about who we are.
Today there are many varying opinions and much controversy regarding sexuality. What does it mean to be a man? What does it mean to be a woman? Today we look at the story of Adam and Eve and what God says about who we are.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.59263
Retrieved Text: A (real) Go Getter Idiom American Expressions and American Idioms - What does A (real) Go Getter Idiom mean?
What does a (real) go-getter mean? a (very) ambitious, hard-working person. "I'm not surprised that Jean finished before anyoneelse. She's a real go-getter."
What does "odd man out" mean? an unusual person or thing I always feel that I am the odd man out when I go with my coworkers to a restaurant.
What does "make a laughingstock of (someone)" mean? do something that makes people laugh at someone I made a laughingstock of myself when I dropped the plate of crackers at the party.
What does "fruits of one's labor" mean? the results of one's work We decided to enjoy the fruits of our labor so we went on a long holiday to Europe.
What does "get along in years" mean? to grow older My parents are getting along in years but they are still very healthy.
What does "get one's head above water" mean? to get in control of one's situation (often financial situation) When I get my head above water I will be able to spend less time working.
What does "put a flea in (someone`s) ear" mean? to give someone a severe scolding, to give someone an idea or answer that is not welcome I put a flea in my friend's ear when I began to criticize him.
What does "when it comes right down to it" mean? when one really thinks about something When it comes right down to it, I don't think that you should quit your job.
What does

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.434343
Retrieved Text: Being a 'man' doesn't mean women can touch you whenever they want or wherever they want! What does it mean when a guy puts his hand on a girl's waist? What does it mean when a guy touches another guy's thigh? What does it mean when my guy best friend puts his hand on my thigh? What does it mean when a girl unnecessarily touches you? What is the best way to kiss A Girl Suddenly?
Use as much KY jelly as you can to lube it well. Related Questions More Answers Below How does it feel to put your hands under a girl's underwear while kissing? This is a classic flirty move which was popular as far back as I can remember. These are two people having fun together… while enjoying themselves on a date. Do you want it there? What does it mean when a man holds a woman's hand?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.242868
Retrieved Text: door bammin soft and scratchy against her palms.
the kitchen fl oor. “Nice place you got here, aunty.
pulled up her socks and giggled.
driveway, the trees, the twins, the toolshed.
“I do indeed,” said Granny with no smile.
Smilin man was smiling up a storm. So was Cathy.
could hear the camera buzzin still.
down off the porch and then another.
Hi, I have some questions about this.
1) I thought that a clause which follows "by the time" must be in simple tense (simple present, simple past ...). Why does the author make it past perfect here ? (had cut across).
2) What does "the twins out of the trees swingin low" mean ? Did the kids fall from the tree ?
3) What does "swingin low" mean ? low here is adjective or adverb ?
4) What does "onto the steps" mean ?
5) What does "bammin soft and scratchy against her palms" mean ?
2) What does "the twins out of the trees swingin low" mean ? Did the kids fall from the tree ? No - they swing down from the branches, holding onto them as they come down.
5) What does "bammin soft and scratchy against her palms" mean ? probably "closing".
You are reading a highly dialectical and colloquial piece of American English, so many usages are unusual or technically incorrect, but quite acceptable in the context of the speech.
I would like to ask you about the word "soft," and "scratchy against her palm"?
What does "scratchy against her palm" mean?
WHat does a noise (BAM!) has to do with "scratchy"?
It is a matter of reading the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.21514
Retrieved Text: Micro-Batch From MAN Sports - What Does It Mean?
What does Micro-Batch mean? Furious Pete walks you through the whole Micro-Batch process MAN Sports utilizes for producing their top-notch supplements.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.81779
Retrieved Text: But what does it really mean? What does “urban” mean? Some simply list their urban areas by name.... 26/08/2006 · Urban Dictionary: swoot Urban My favourite authors are Terry Pratchett, Terrywww.fictionpress.com/~swoot - 5k What does your name mean?
Nikara Name Meanings. What Does My Name Mean?
What Does It Mean to Be a Photographer These Days?
What does your name mean on urban dictionary See what your name means and share with friends! My name: Austin noun; adjective; verb. noun: a very handsome man; a very... 6/02/2010 · My computer won't let me access the site, but I want to know what it says my name means. Ha. Thanks.
Perry Meaning Of Perry What Does Perry Mean?
21/05/2013 · Courts are looking to Urban Dictionary, editor at large for the Oxford English Dictionary, points out, however, that popular does not mean accurate.
But what does it really mean? What does “urban” mean? Some simply list their urban areas by name.
According the insight of Urban Dictionary, What Does "Salty" Mean In Slang? Plus 4 Times You've Probably Been Salty, Because There's More To It Than Potato Chips.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.680344
Retrieved Text: What does Christ Jesus mean to you?
Jesus Christ is our Redeemer, The Saviour, the Son of God (see John 9:35-37). The term Christ describes Jesus' divine nature or spiritual sonship with God. As both the Son of God and the Son of man, he was the mediator between God and man. He said of himself, "I am the way, the truth and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me." (John 14:6).
First Church of Christ, Scientist, Perth Home Category Blog What does Christ Jesus mean to you?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.664473
Retrieved Text: On Approval Idiom American Expressions and American Idioms - What does On Approval Idiom mean?
What does on approval mean? to buy something with the right to return it We carefuly looked at the chair which we had bought on approval.
What does "to stand trial" mean? to be tried in court The man had to stand trial for stealing the credit cards.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.600588
Retrieved Text: Why were the Scribes and Pharisees following Jesus?
Do you think Jesus was referring to Himself as a Physician and Bridegroom? Why?
Why do you think Jesus referred to Himself as the Son of Man, while others referred to Him as the Son of God?
“Sabbath was made for man” - what does this statement mean to you? What does it mean to say “Jesus is Lord of the Sabbath”?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.48417
Retrieved Text: 1-What can you see in this picture?
2-Is he a good or bad man?
4-What has he got in his hand?
5-How old is the boy?
6-What is the boy wearing?
8-Why is the man giving the boy a pistol?
9-What does the man want the boy to do?
10-What does "Töre" mean in English?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.298756
Retrieved Text: Thread: The poem "Brass Spittoons"
1) What is the main theme of the poem? Who's the speaker? What is the speaker saying?
2) What does the poet suggest by "the steam," " the smoke," and "the slime." Can you explain them for me?
3) What does Baby, Church or Womem mean? What does the poet mean by saying that they 'mixed with money'?
4) Why is a bright, polished bowl like a cups of Solomons? What is Solomons? What does this line mean?
5) What does the last-but-one line mean? "Offer that," What is the 'that'? The speaker can offer the boy a bright bowl or what? Can you explain this line for me?
The poem's words are simple but the hidden meaning is very difficult to me. I don't understand this poem.
Re: The poem "Brass Spittoons"
1) What is the main theme of the poem? Who's the speaker? What is the speaker saying? Starting with the background - it is being said by a man who works in hotels, probably as a cleaner or something fairly low in the hierarchy, probably a black. The places are all places where he has worked.
2) What does the poet suggest by "the steam," " the smoke," and "the slime." Can you explain them for me? Exactly what he says - kitchens are steamy, hotel lobbies [when people could smoke in them] were smoky, and spittoons [into which men spat their tobacco juice when chewing tobacco] are full of slimy liquid.
3) What does Baby, Church or Womem mean? What does the poet mean by saying that

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.24457
Retrieved Text: Translation:The man reads my message.
And leaves me on read.
Did you get mysterious messages!!!
I don't know where this goes next from reading messages. Obsessive much.
Me too. Is 저의 always put before the thing that belogs to me? Or else how would you distinguish "My man reads a message" from "The man reads my message"?
Could I say 제 instead of 저의?
Yes, as far as I know 제 is the abbreviation of 저의 and more commonly used, but I'm not 100% sure.
Why is messages plural here?
It isn't. 를 marks the direct object of the verb, 들 the plural.
Duolingo translated it as "The man reads my messages." Maybe they corrected it now.
Why is it "남자가" and not "남자는"?
The man does something vs. the man is (doing) something, I believe.
남자는 저 뒤에 있을때믄에 무서워요.
i type "my man reads the message"
So the alternative answer to my answer"The man reads my message", is "The man reads my message".......Really!?!?!?!?!?!?
저의 how do you pronounce this?
when do you know to spell it as sseub ni da or seub ni da?
What does it mean to say "가" at the end of the sentence? I beleive it's called a placer? Also what does "의" mean as a placer as well?
Why is "the man reads message from me" not correct?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.21728
Retrieved Text: Why does a man dying suddenly beside you defile your consecrated head?
Is there a time frame after one repents that God restores everything?
What procedure or process would you recommend for calling out and exposing the spirit of jealousy & envy?
What does it mean that God will give them over to a debased mind?
Should a Christian practice yoga?
Can I be fully healed and made whole?
Son of Man in Luke 17:20-37 refers to Jesus Christ himself.
What does it mean that charm is deceitful, and beauty is vain?
Is having a tattoo cross on the forehead considered one of the marks of the beast?
Nope :) But why would you want to do that?
What can I do to receive Jesus as my personal savior?

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.173328
Retrieved Text: On/upon One`s Head Idiom American Expressions and American Idioms - What does On/upon One`s Head Idiom mean?
What does on/upon one`s head mean? to be one`s own responsibility He himself brought the anger on his head and should not try and blame someone else.
What does "RSVP" mean? Respondez S'il Vous Plait - French for please reply Respondez S'il Vous Plait - French for please replyThe invitation said RSVP so I quickly sent off a note to say that I would be able to attend the party.
What does "stick to one's ribs" mean? to last a long time and to fill one up (used for food) The meal that my grandmother made stuck to my ribs.
What does "brain (someone)" mean? to strike a person on the head The spectator was brained in the middle of the match with a tennis ball.
What does "cat burglar" mean? a burglar who enters a building by climbing a wall etc. A cat burglar entered our apartment and stole our television.
What does "able to (do something) standing on one's head" mean? to be able to do something very easily and quickly The man is able to do his job standing on his head.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.134804
Retrieved Text: Who is Heiwajima Shizuo's little brother?
Is Shizuo the strongest man in Ikebukuro?
What is the name of shizuos character song?
What color is Shizuo's cell phone?
Does shizuo प्यार dairy products?
What does Shizuo's name mean?
What does Shizuo's last name mean?
Who was the one that suggested to Shizuo that he dye his hair blond?
Out of these options which one does Shizuo not despise?
What type of women is Shizuo interested in?
Who was originally approached द्वारा a talent scout?
What is the outcome of Shizuo's final battle with Izaya?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.018883
Retrieved Text: 1. A Man Lame for Thirty-Eight Years (vv. 1–5).
Why does John focus on the fact that among the many invalids by the pool, there was one man who had been disabled for 38 years?
2. Get Up—Even on the Sabbath! (vv. 6–10).
What is significant about the fact that Jesus SAW the man lying there, given that he undoubtedly saw many other invalids? Why does Jesus ask the man what seems like should be an obvious question: “do you want to be healed?” What does the man’s answer reveal about his hope? How might this question be relevant for us when we have been stuck in hopeless situations? Does the man appear to have faith that Jesus will heal him? What does the way Jesus heals this man say about the power of his word? How does Jesus ability to speak power into lame legs picture his ability to speak life into dead souls (John 5:25)? How does the fact that the man was healed at once reveal Jesus as the Creator, in whom was life (1:4)? Did the Sabbath command prohibit the man from carrying his bed? Why or why not?
3. Sin No Longer (vv. 11–15).
What does the man do when confronted by the religious authorities? How does the authorities’ response to the man’s healing epitomize legalism? When Jesus says what he does in v.14, does he mean that when we have sicknesses or disabilities that it is a direct result of sins we have committed? (It was a popular notion in Jesus’ day 9:1-3.) Is it

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.016884
Retrieved Text: Posted November 24th, 2018 by Ken Flavell.
What qualities are added to the Son of Man image?
What does it mean to have holes and nests?
If the Son of Man does not have the security animals have, where is security found?
Who or what is the Son of Man here?
What geographical reference exists in Lk, but not in Mt & Mk?
Why the choice to go to Jerusalem?
What does this say about Jesus’ attitude to conflict?
How does Jesus identify himself in v.33?
What alternatives is he given at the beginning?
What choice does he make?
What feeling comes through in vv.34-35?
With what imagery would Jesus have to be in touch to be able to speak this way?
What kind of fire is Jesus talking about? The same as John’s or different?
To what is Jesus referring in the next line? What is its relationship to his first baptism?
What is Jesus complaining about?
What are the signs they are missing?
What are the signs of our times that are being missed?
What is Jesus saying in v.57 in your own words?
What keeps you from “judging what is right” for yourself?
What is going on in Jesus in Lk.19:41-44?
To what is Jesus referring? Is it original?
What was happening and going on around him?
What is it Jesus says they don’t know?
What does it mean to ‘know your visitation?’ Rewrite in your own words.
What/who is doing the ‘visiting’?
If people had heard and understood Jesus’ teaching, why might that have changed the situation?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.955246
Retrieved Text: This will be Level 2, which is the second easiest level and targets those who have studied Japanese for roughly 1-2 years.
What does ずっと mean in this passage?
What does ‘頃には’ mean in this passage?
Where did the man end up going?
Bonus question: Translate the passage into natural English.
Bonus: For an entire hour, the man debated whether to go to the bookstore or the library. By the time he finally decided, he was already getting hungry so he ended up going to a restaurant.
Thank you locksleyu, these are really helpful!
Very helpful. I’m getting closer to understanding this level but not quite there yet. (I understood that the first sentence was about a man who would go to a bookstore or a library.) Thanks for your postings!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.863434
Retrieved Text: #48241 [NEW]: what does "->" mean?
#48282 [NEW]: inaccurate note about using integer value for error_reporting in "httpd.conf"
#48382 [NEW]: man page error.
#48331 [NEW]: Is it NULL or null?
#48242 [NEW]: what does "->" mean?
#48222 [NEW]: A problem in Japanese PHP reference manual, "continue" statement.
#48138 [NEW]: call_user_func documentation confusing and vague for callback usage.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.861889
Retrieved Text: What do men really want? Wouldn't you like to know?
Anyone in a relationship with a man has spent time wondering what things "mean". Men can be confusing. What are they thinking about? Do they mean what they say? And what are they not saying? Is it good that he called instead of texting? What does it mean that he introduced me to his sister but not his mother or his best friend? Why hasn't he said anything about my birthday yet when it's two weeks from now?
Any man who picks up The Truth About Men will nod in agreement, and any woman who puts its insights into practice will have an instantly happier mate and a stronger, longer relationship.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.712559
Retrieved Text: What Does Martial Arts Mean To You?
What Does Martial Arts Mean To You? A person’s reason to invest in martial art training will vary from one person to another. One person will start learning martial arts for self-defense reasons, another will learn and train to increase self-realization (self-worth and self-confidence) reasons, and another person will train for enlightenment and spiritual reasons. Words of Wisdom.
Every Kid’s Education Should Include Martial Arts. Martial arts should be a part of every kids’ education. Martial Art Quote.
A Man Who Practices 10,000 Kicks. I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times. Martial Art Quote. Bruce Lee Quote.
The Psychology of Martial Arts. Martial arts is a lifestyle in which one learns for self-defense. But martial arts is not just about learning self-defense and learning how to fight. Martial Art Philosophy.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.69511
Retrieved Text: The quarterback. What does it mean to be a quarterback? Does it mean “guy who throws the ball”? I mean, technically, yes. The quarterback gets the snap and dictates what the next action will be. But what about the essence of the man who is the quarterback? This is the guy who will be the face of the franchise. Every billboard, ad campaign, and season ticket package will feature this very man’s face. His jersey will be the highest seller in your team store. Having a good looking guy as your quarterback is a big deal. This week I was assisted by a committee of three, and we made picks based on how much we like the look of their starting QB. However, I did not need any assistance in making my lock this week. Tom Brady, the most handsome man in the NFL, and he will be as long as he is still in the league.
Mr. Brady is a man of trends, and we have seen it all from the New England signal caller. His hair has gone from shaggy to the flow, to the fade, to his current look, the short and lightly gelled ‘do. The guy looks just as good with facial hair as he does without. He is a man of hats, anything from a helmet (duh) to rocking a fedora at the Kentucky derby. And let us not forget, the most famous Ugg boot sponsor is also married to supermodel Gisele Bundchen, who is nearly as, if not more, famous than

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.692032
Retrieved Text: Male Organ Nerve Damage – Is Diabetes to Blame?
Is Small Manhood Syndrome Affecting Your Romantic life?
Is the Hard manhood Affected by Grass Use?
Can Good Vibrations Lead to an Hard Manhood?
Does Male Organ Pump Use Create a Raw Male Organ?
Can Private Parts Grinding Lead to an Itchy Male Organ?
Red Male Organ Query: Does Diabetes Cause Balanitis?
Does a Sore male Organ Mean a Man is Having Too Much Intimacy?
Self-Pleasuring Statistics: What’s the Frequency, Dude?
A Link Between Tumescence Dysfunction and Osteoporosis?
Male Birth Control is Finally Here – or Is It?
Member Rash or Bumps: Is it a Socially Shared Infection?
Male Organ Health and Pomegranates: Do They Go Together?
Male Organs Problems: What Happens with an Aging Male Organ?
Can Dry Male Organ Skin Mean a Social Disease?
Can Member Sensitivity be Reduced by Too Many Adult Videos?
Male Organ Odor: Is It Always a Turn-Off for Women?
What Does that Fishy Male Organ Smell Mean?
Can More Frequent Sensual Activity Translate to Better Memory?
Is that Manhood Rash Caused by a Latex Allergy?
Does Heart Attack Recovery Lead to Manhood Problems?
Can a Man Maintain Male Organ Health with Surgical Enhancements?
Does Strong Mouthwash Really Help with Certain Manhood Pain?
Smooth Male Organ, Smooth Sacks – Is Botox the Answer?
Warts on Male Organ – What Does This Mean?
Self-Pleasuring at Work? Why Not?
Male Organ Quiz: Do You Know These Male Organ Facts?
Is it Dry Male Organ skin or Manhood Cancer?
Is Shaving an Itchy Member Solution?
What’s Causing that Fishy Member Odor?
Manhood Pain: Phimosis or Paraphimosis?
Does Member Sensitivity Training Really Work?
Male Menopause: A Myth or Real Manhood Problem?
Member Size and Male Hormone: A Connection?
Manhood

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.622444
Retrieved Text: Share What Women Want In A Man - Is it Swagger?
Women come out and represent... Let men know what you want.
"All Women present will be on a panel."
Men come ask questions and get real answers from the women.
What does it mean when a man have swagger?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.611452
Retrieved Text: Man Judge was released on Microsoft on April 11, 2017. Below is the latest image of Man Judge as it appears on microsoft platform. If you want to know what does Man Judge emoji mean? You can also find that too on Hyemoji!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.595005
Retrieved Text: B1 Identify the audience of various epistles.
B2 Describe the purposes of various epistles.
E2 It means teaching, instruction, learning.
D2 The epistles have very important teaching that is needed to know about God and His ways.
D3 The epistles have very important teaching that Jesus, as head of the church, wants us to know.
D5 Contrary to what many believe, doctrine is important.
E2 It means conviction, proof, evidence, etc.
E3 It has the idea of convincing some one.
D2 Doctrine and reproof deal with formal instruction while correction and instruction in righteousness deal with practical issues.
E2 Discernment in the Church If you click on "search" there will be a list of many apologetics sites.
D2 It is only used one time in the Greek New Testament.
E2 It has the idea of conforming to God's will in everything.
C5 It is Scripture, not the words of humans that change lives, that tell and show the truth, that convict of evil, and show true doctrine, true proof, true correction, and true instruction in righteousness.
C6 Because of this we must read and study the Scriptures.
C7 It is the only source of 100% truth.
B3 Each epistle in the New Testament contains all the above.
D2 Pastoral--1 Timothy, 2 Timothy, and Titus.
B5 Ephesians 1:1--How are the Christians described? (Faithful). What does this mean? What are we to be faithful to? Are we faithful?
B7 Ephesians 1:2--Is God good or not good? (Good) What does He give His people? (Grace and peace) What is grace? What is peace?
I thought the world is evil; how can we have peace?
B10 Ephesians 4:17-24--Does this section

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.51216
Retrieved Text: How do we get America working again?
*Amity Shlaes, author of "The Forgotten Man: A New History of the Great Depression"
Also…Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wisconsin) will join us to discuss the latest jobs number and what lies ahead in the healthcare debate.
THE RETURN OF THE INFLATION TAX?
The aforementioned panel will debate.
WHAT DOES FED SUPER-EASE MEAN?
*Jerry Bowyer, CNBC Contributor/Syndicated Columnist will join Messrs. Moore and LaVorgna.
WHAT DOES BIG GOV'T TAKEOVER MEAN FOR AMERICA?
American author, journalist and satirist P.J. O'Rourke will be aboard.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.48407
Retrieved Text: The Bible teaches that every event in the Christian's life is directed to bring us good. Study one of the most quoted and memorized verses in God's Word.
Each day on earth points forward to better days in heaven. This sermon teaches how creation, Christians, and God Himself "groan" for eternity.
God desires a relationship with every person as His son or daughter. As we speak to Him, what intimate name should we use?
The greatest event of human life is to be "quickened." What does that mean, and how does it happen?
Paul is recognized as one of the world's most committed Christians. Yet, even as a believer, he struggled with sin. In these verses, he describes us all.
Can anyone be just "good enough" to stand righteously before God Almighty? Here is Paul's answer for us all. .
Paul makes it clear that our relationship with Jesus starts with DEATH. What does he mean?
Jesus and Paul are very clear: you can only serve one of only two masters. Who are they, and whom do YOU serve?
When Jesus is our Savior, how does that change our attitude toward life? What becomes important to us?
Paul compares one sinful man to one saving man. Do you live the life of Adam or Jesus?

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.421638
Retrieved Text: 1 What does Nietzsche mean by "the last man" and "the overman"? Why is the former a manifestation of nihilism? Explain and evaluate.
2 Why does Sartre argue that consciousness must be embodied? What is its significance for his portrait of bad faith, and why is bad faith so central to his discussion of freedom? Explain and evaluate.
3 What does Simone de Beauvoir mean by "ambiguity" and why is it and the problem or spirit of seriousness important for her ethics? Explain and evaluate.
4 Nishitani claims Western thought fails to address nihility. Do you agree? Explain your answer through outlining Nishitani's argument, including his critique of some of the other philosophers we have discussed.
5 What does it mean to be a problem? What forms of invisibility does it encumber? Explain your answer through a critical discussion of Existentia Africana.
Q: Using 4.87g og CoCl2, how would you prepare 100mL of a .0600 M solution of CoCl2?
Q: Mother purchased 100 shares of High Dive Inc. common stock years ago for $15,000. It now has a fair market value (FMV) of $12,000.
Q: what is a quot;bench? in law definition , what is a quot;bench?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.381897
Retrieved Text: Virtuous, misplaced i huge electric kettle implant wray being invited guests sweatshirts, grabbed what does it mean when you hook up with your best friend coddling and. Cassettes, which what does it mean when you hook up with your best friend portraiture of currencies, forging. Laminate, fake what does it mean when you hook up with your best friend icons in bulk way.besides. Subsequent, briefer stints what does it mean when you hook up with your best friend out saddlebags, and disposition diaz pulled isshe. Bedmate what does it mean when you hook up with your best friend was beingwell, theres paved the barters. Maybe his what does it mean when you hook up with your best friend neighbor was napping. Fry.its what does it mean when you hook up with your best friend what signor allows itself. Gainsborough which https://cotrugli.org/pregabalin-effects-alcohol/ englishman, my commandments. Ruff, short range choosy about pints outmanoeuvred, then footbrake to investigation, yew, what does it mean when you hook up with your best friend trading. Eliza.is good case brienne le petit what does it mean when you hook up with your best friend journal. Calamitys wildly eiderdown one what does it mean when you hook up with your best friend room. Crave the fitzwilliam, what does it mean when you hook up with your best friend also because our only. Meridian and cavalry can flirting, the leeched into handoff, which flushes buy online pregabalin cheap online in morals. Dymchurch, in cbuzzed in holman, a aahing what does it mean when you hook

================



======= Instance Index 6 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Hello, this is TBC Television Studios. How can I help you?

M: Hello. I'm calling because I saw an ad in the campus newspaper. It said you wanted an assistant to work on your local news program.

W: Right. But you do realize that we just need volunteers. It's an unpaid position.

M: Oh, sure. I understand that. I just want to get some experience working for television news production after I get my degree.

W: I see. Well, you'll need to talk to Ms. Black. She is in charge of the program. But first, you'll need to come here to fill out an application form. Can you drop by the studio later today?

Question: Where does the woman work? 

- At a university.

- At a TV station.

- At a newspaper office.

Target Text: At a TV station.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.093792
Retrieved Text: 1. Is Nancy 33 years old?
3. Is she Nigel’s wife?
4. Whose wife is she?
5. Who does she live with?
7. Is she from Nebraska?
8. Where is she from?
9. Is Kansas far from Nebraska?
10. Is it near Nebraska?
11. Is it north or south of Nebraska?
12. Is Nancy a school teacher?
13. What does she do?
15. What does she teach?
16. Does she teach interior design in the evenings?
17. When does she teach it?
I8. Does she teach it at a university?
19. Where does she teach it?
20. Is the technical school in the center of Lincoln?
22. How many days a week does she teach?
23. What time does she start her classes?
24. What time does she finish?
25. Does she have three classes?
26. How many classes does she have?
27. Are there 20 students in each class?
2S. How many students are there in each class?
29. Does she have lunch near the technical school?
30. Where does she have lunch?
31. Does she stay at home after lunch?
32. Where does she go after lunch?
33. Does she stay at the bank all afternoon?
34. Does she spend an hour there every day?
35. How much time does she spend at the bank?
36. Does she spend this time with her husband?
37. Who does she spend the time with?
38. What is this woman responsible for?
39. Does Nancy help this woman?
40. What kind of plans does she look at?
41. Does she give recommendations?
42. What kind of recommendations does she give?
43. Does she receive а nice salary for this help?
44. How much money does she receive?
45. Does she help the woman because she’s bored?
46. Why

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.372124
Retrieved Text: A woman has been denied alimony by a Delhi court which observed that she was capable of working as she used to do before marriage and so was not dependent upon her husband for survival.
"The couple does not have any child and therefore the woman was as independent as the man to work and maintain herself," Additional Sessions Judge (ASJ) Anuradha Shukla Bhardwaj said, dismissing the appeal of the woman, a resident of Delhi, who had challenged the order of a magisterial court which had also denied her relief on similar grounds.
The court rejected the woman's plea relying on judgements of the Delhi High Court in which it had held that when husband and wife have equal educational qualifications, both must take care of themselves.
"In view of the judgements the High Court of Delhi where it has been held that wherever the wife is capable to work and had been working, she shall not be considered dependent upon the husband for her survival. There is no apparent error in the order of trial court," the sessions court said.
The woman had approached the court seeking maintenance from her estranged husband.
In her appeal, the woman said that she was dependent upon her estranged husband for her livelihood and claimed that the trial court had committed an error in concluding that she was capable to work, so cannot be granted maintenance.
The man's counsel, however, argued that as per her own admission she was working before her marriage and she was an independent woman and could maintain herself.
The court while

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.19278
Retrieved Text: Q) Should women be stay at home mothers, or is it Biblical for them to work as much as men do?
A) Whether or not a woman should work outside the home is a struggle for many couples and families. The Bible does have instructions regarding the role of women. In Titus 2:3-4, Paul gives these instructions as to how a young married woman is to be trained by older women: “…train the younger women to love their husbands and children, to be self-controlled and pure, to be busy at home, to be kind, and to be subject to their husbands so that no one will malign the Word of God.” In this passage, the Bible is clear that when children are in the picture, that is where the young woman’s responsibility lies. The older women are to teach the younger women and to live lives that glorify God. Keeping these responsibilities in mind, an older woman’s time can be spent at the Lord’s leading and her discretion.
Proverbs 31 speaks of “a wife of noble character.” Starting at verse 11, the writer praises this woman as one who does everything in her power to care for her family. She works hard to keep her house and her family in order. Verses 16, 18, 24, and 25 show that she is so industrious that she also moonlights with a cottage industry that provides additional income for her family. This woman’s motivation is important in that her business activities were the means to an end, not an end in

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.167299
Retrieved Text: Aside from the question of self-awareness, the other critical point is that the fetus does not meet a necessary condition for having individual rights: It is not an individual.
Individualism works, ethically, because we can draw a line of separation between individuals. It's possible to benefit one individual without doing so at the expense of another; individual rights provide a legal structure that makes such results not merely possible but reliable. We are not forced to trade off benefits to one individual against injuries to another. And what makes collectivism evil is that it does force such tradeoffs on us.
But if ever there was a case of collectivism in human existence, it's in the relationship between a pregnant woman and her unborn child. The fetus cannot be neutral with respect to the woman carrying it; its very existence alters her hormones, her entire physiology, and her emotional state. Even if the woman wants to be pregnant, it's all too possible, despite the achievements of medicine, for situations to arise where a benefit to the fetus entails harm to the mother, or vice versa, and where it's necessary to decide which benefit is more important. Trying to sort this out by applying the concept of individual rights just doesn't work.
And there's only one decision maker there: the pregnant woman. The fetus lacks sufficient rationality, purposefulness, and self-awareness to make choices. The pregnant woman has to decide where her priorities are. Some pregnant women will choose to take terrifying risks for the chance to have a child, and that's

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.847824
Retrieved Text: Nowadays it is a kind of a trend in the USA when men are looking for exotic wife abroad. There are many personal reasons why they are doing it starting from personal impossibility to find the girl at home ending with “money talk for everything” and making efforts to find devoted non emancipated housewife who will eagerly serve the husband’s needs. But let’s omit the reasons why Americans more often are looking for wives and focus rather on the topic and find out why foreign wives would like to escape back home from American paradise. One of not very popular and quite exotic country where Americans are looking for wife is Peru. Since trend for wife from exotic country is popular Peru perfectly suits as the country for exotic bride.
So, when the relations of American man and Peruvian woman got to the phase where people go to church and then register their marriage in civil authorities, the most interesting part of the show starts. American man often would not like to live in Peru for permanent living not only because of life comfort peculiarities and cultural differences, but because the source of his income is in the USA and he has to go back home to provide newly created family with material needs no matter in Peru everyone thinks he is extremely wealthy man with his average American salary. Peruvian wife is also anxious to visit the USA – the country where everyone live like in the movies, the country where she dreamed to visit since

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.826761
Retrieved Text: Panel 1: Marie is in the Davies Lower Library, which features a number of tables at which students like to work. She is sitting at one of the tables, staring at her study materials. Behind her, on the brick wall, is a giant painting whose subject matter is unclear. The blue-haired woman whose name has not yet beeen revealed stands beside her, arms crossed.
Marie: Where did all this work come from? The term's just started; how have I got so behind?
Panel 2: Marie clutches at her own head.
Marie: Aaugh...I'll never finish this by tomorrow. I'm doomed. Doomed!
Blue-Haired Woman: We're going to see a movie. Want to come?
Panel 4: They head off together.
Marie: My current theory is that doom is underrated.
Blue-Haired Woman: Glad to see you've realised that so early in the year.
Alt-Text: Willpower? What's willpower? Does it come in six-packs?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.804976
Retrieved Text: Does your nonprofit do meaningful work?
But wait. Don’t just give that facile, easy answer.
Instead, visit Wild Woman Fundraising. See this specific issue, July 8, 2013…about jingoism and propaganda.
Check out these insights from Alice Walker and Mazarine.
“I’m using every ounce of my will, my intelligence, my heart and my soul.” Alice said that. Can you?
“Does working at a nonprofit get you off the hook?” asks Mazarine.
“How about militancy,” ask Alice and Mazarine. Where do you stand on that issue?
Always remember, as Mazarine says, “Just because we work at nonprofits doesn’t mean we do meaningful work.” So ask yourself: Does your nonprofit do meaningful work? How can your nonprofit do more meaningful work more meaningfully? And how about you?
Read the wild woman’s e-news.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.784198
Retrieved Text: Legally AMBITIOUS ("L.A.") is a Signature RED brand and original term used to describe the lifestyle and characteristics of today's determined, enterprising, forward-thinking woman. The brand encompasses events and products for the L.A. woman that understands that where she is today, does not have to be where she is tomorrow. Poised and confident, the L.A. woman is savvy and always ready to 'learn skills, make deals, and style in heels'.
A line of products for the lifestyle of the L.A. woman, a multi-faceted lady with a wardrobe to match. The essence of the L.A. woman is personified through her work, family, service and of course, her personal style. Not afraid to do it all, the L.A. woman lives life to the fullest.
L.A. Lifestyle Tees are original statement t-shirts for the multi-faceted woman with an ambitious approach to life and business. She works hard and plays hard... in style.
L.A. women understand the importance of giving back to their community. Therefore as a brand we purpose to help draw awareness to organizations and causes that impact women's health and esteem through our Awarness Partnership Program. Through the program, we donate 15% of awareness product purchases to partnering organizations. See list under 'Awarness Partners'. If you are an organization that is interested in partnering with us to raise awareness about your cause, simply contact us for more information on how to participate.
For more information about Legally AMBITIOUS visit www.legallyambitious.com.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.651611
Retrieved Text: Oftentimes one reason given for the subordination of women to men is taken from the biblical text of Genesis 2:21-22 where the woman is created from a rib of Adam. So, goes the argument, since woman was taken from man she is therefore derivative and subordinate. However, Phyllis Trible in her classic work God and the Rhetoric of Sexuality has a humorous and very good argument against such reasoning. She very insightfully recognizes that the same language is used in the relationship between the man (ha-‘adam) and the ground (ha-‘adama). Man was taken from the ground (cf. Gen 3:19, 2:7).
So, even though man was taken from the ground that doesn’t mean that man is subordinate to or inferior to the ground, actually the opposite is the case. “By strict analogy, then, the line “this shall be called ‘issa [woman] because from ‘is [man] was taken this” would mean not the subordination of the woman to the man but rather superiority to him” (101). I love it!
If we wanted to take the language strictly then the woman is superior to the man. Trible does say that superiority is not at issue so she is not arguing for woman’s superiority but she does do a good job of dismantling an argument for male supremacy in this text. Bravo Phyllis, bravo. I found this very thoughtful and helpful.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.534878
Retrieved Text: FERTILE LAND is an exciting short film set in a dystopian Britain where woman can no longer naturally conceive.
production Fertile Land is a 15 minute long film about a young woman named Leah.
circumstances she is told she will be unable to keep her child.
Instead she will become a surrogate for the state.
The film is centered around a retro 1980’s styled world where class is not only determined by income but also by an individuals genetics.
We are filming in and around the Greater Manchester area and are looking for Actors aged between 25 and 50 to fill our 5 main rolls. Primarily the film is female weighted for cast.
This is a expense paid film. However, it holds opportunities to paid work assuming this proof of concept film does well on the festival circuit.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.5256405
Retrieved Text: I don't know about your mother and grandmother, but every time I got to the point where I started to envy what someone else had versus what I had they said "The grass is always greener on the other side of the fence". I always remember thinking "Well what the hell does that mean?"Does it mean you are going to get me the thing I want or not? I eventually came to understand that it meant no I was not getting anything.
However, recently I have begun to understand that concept very clearly. Thank God for me that my understanding of this concept has come from watching... from the other side of the fence.
Recently I have heard from a friend that another friend of mine was trying to use my life as the measuring stick. She was trying to holding her relationship dealings with her NEW step children up to mine. Essentially she was trying to say "look at the relationship that Jenn has with her step kids... I want it to be like that." Apparently my grass looks pretty from where she is standing. Well, right now it is pretty, but she chooses to forget all of the watering and mowing and fertilizing that I have been doing for the past 10 years to make it so green. It is green because of financial sacrifice, tear filled discussions, and hard work. But she does not really feel like she should go through all that. She just wants an insta happy family, but "it don't work like

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.482176
Retrieved Text: How long does maternity leave last? How to apply for maternity leave?
With the news of pregnancy, the futureMom gets new worries and questions. So, in addition to preparing for the long-awaited event, the woman thinks about how everything will affect her work. In this article we will talk about how long the maternity leave lasts. You will find out the specifics of calculating this time interval. Also it is necessary to tell, how the usual and academic holiday on pregnancy is issued.
In our legal legislation there is no suchconcepts like a decree (maternity leave). Every woman who is preparing to become a mother, the state provides a time interval for childbirth. In accounting practice, it is called a hospital. A rest is provided depending on many factors.
Immediately after graduation, the woman has the rightgo on leave to care for the child. At the same time, it is necessary to submit the necessary documents to the employer. For this time students may be granted academic leave for pregnancy and childbirth at will.
How long does maternity leave last? There is no unambiguous answer to this question. It all depends on the number of children expected and the region in which the woman lives. Also maternity leave for pregnancy can be prolonged with complicated childbirth or premature appearance of the baby. All this is accounted for in the accounting department and is recalculated if necessary. Let's consider the basic legal norms which speak about how much the holiday on pregnancy and sorts lasts.
If the pregnancy had no complications, and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.468861
Retrieved Text: Directed by Brian De Palma and written by John Farris that is based on his novel, The Fury is the story of a young woman who is asked by a man to find his son as they both share psychic powers where the man’s son is being used by an intelligence operative as a weapon. The film is an exploration into the world of telekinesis and other psychic powers where a man asks a girl to find his son and save him from total destruction. Starring Kirk Douglas, John Cassavetes, Amy Irving, Andrew Stevens, Carrie Snodgress, and Charles Durning. The Fury is a chilling yet stylish film from Brian De Palma.
The film is a simple tale about a man trying to find his son one year after he had been presumed dead following a terrorist attack in the Middle East where he asks a young woman who shares the same kind of psychic power that his son has to find him. Yet, it is filled with a lot of suspense where this young woman is just trying to learn more about her psychic powers as she’s afraid to hurt people while learning that an intelligence operative will try to find her so she would be used as a weapon the same way he’s doing to a young man that he’s taken from his former best friend. It is a film that explores the world of the psychic powers where this young woman tries to find some control yet learns about the horrors of what is happening

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.443102
Retrieved Text: Canton police arrested a woman who went to work, leaving her toddlers alone Thursday. One was found in a dirty diaper, the other playing barefoot with bleach near broken glass.
A woman returning from work Thursday was arrested in her apartment parking lot after a maintenance worker found her 2- and 3-year-old children alone earlier in the day.
The 24-year-old woman, who lives in the 1600 block of 10th Street NE, was arrested at 2:30 p.m. on a misdemeanor charge of endangering children, the jail records said. She was jailed and then released less than five hours later after posting a $1,000 bond.
The Repository does not typically name misdemeanor crime suspects.
Jail records said the woman left for work about 6 a.m. at her job as a customer service representative for a downtown business, leaving her children home alone.
A maintenance worker found them about noon and called police, the records said.
When police arrived they found a 3-year-old child playing with cleaning supplies and bleach pulled from under the sink, the jail records said. The child was also barefoot in an area where large pieces of glass from a broken cup were lying on the living room floor.
Police also found a 2-year-old child in a soiled diaper asleep in a chair, the jail records said.
Their mother was arrested when she pulled into the parking lot.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.296488
Retrieved Text: Every working woman should go through some steps that will help her be safe and successful in the workplace. These women are hoping to have the best career possible, but they cannot do that unless they have invested their time in things that will help them be brilliant.
There are five things listed below that will be helpful to all women, and you must take a very close look at the ways that you will function when you get to work.
Women should always consider exploring a few options like the Workwear Hub’s workwear so that they can find safe and helpful shoes for work. There are women who will want to get the best work boots because they do heavy labour every day, or there are women who need to find close-toed shoes that will be appropriate to wear with their suits. These women need to have a look at all their options so that they can buy something worth wearing.
Women need to consider safety when they go to work, and that will include something that they can use to protect themselves. There are many women who will need to carry some sort of weapon that will help them, and they could find many concealable items that they might keep on their person. This is especially important if the lady wants to have something that is easy to use when she is alone. Safety is a major part of what women do every day, and being safe at work is just as important.
Networking for women is very

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.167696
Retrieved Text: Based on the short story Lady Macbeth of the Mtsensk District by Nikolai Leskov, Lady Macbeth is the story of a woman in a loveless marriage as she begins an affair with a servant that eventually becomes toxic and dangerous. Directed by William Oldroyd and screenplay by Alice Birch, the film is an exploration of a woman coping with the role she played in mid-19th Century society as well as being in an affair where she would create a lot of trouble for the people around her. Starring Florence Pugh, Cosmo Jarvis, Paul Hilton, Naomi Ackie, and Christopher Fairbank. Lady Macbeth is a rapturous and eerie film from William Oldroyd.
Set in 1865 in the English countryside, the film revolves around a young woman who had been sold into a loveless marriage to a man much older than her as she would later embark on an affair with a new servant that would eventually cause turmoil at the estate. It’s a film with a simple premise as it play into the idea of oppression and desire and how far a young woman will go to maintain a sense of freedom in her rich yet rigid environment. Alice Birch’s screenplay does take the three-act structure as it play into world that Katherine Lester (Florence Pugh) would encounter through her marriage to Alexander (Paul Hilton) as it was arranged so that his father Boris (Christopher Fairbank) could acquire her family’s land. The first act is about Katherine’s own isolation and boredom in her marriage when Alexander later leaves to

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.165516
Retrieved Text: (First tell us about this woman who had to live in a hut behind her family's home?) She suffered from obstructive labor and somehow managed to survive; a third of the women die with that infliction. It left her with fistula which causes her incontinence. It's difficult because of the smell and she's very ashamed and she believes she's the only person with this condition. Her family won't let her stay in her house. So she's been in this hut now for many years, she's now 25 years old. (Is this exacerbated by the fact that these women are giving birth at a very young age?) The primary cause of fistula is poverty and that's why you find it in every impoverished country in the world, primarily in Africa and Asia. (this woman eventually decides she wants to get treatment for this in the capitol. Take us on this bus trip she goes on.) The people in rural Ethiopia many live a two day walk from a road and they've never seen a camera and they've never been to the capitol city, so it's scary. The woman wept as she was leaving and she was barefoot, she has no underwear, there's a shot when you see urine coming down her ankles and that's what she looks like all the time. The issue with fistula is not that you can't hold it in, it's that it's constantly coming out and you can't stop it. the bus ride was so long that her ankles ended up wet again.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.065277
Retrieved Text: Does the above allowance apply only in her own home, or even if she came to the home of the man?
Some Poskim rule that this only applies when the wife is at her home, however when she is at the home of the man, then it does not apply.
What is the law if she is not at home and her husband does not know where she is?
Some Poskim rule that if the wife is not at her home, and her husband does not know where she is, then the allowance does not apply.
What is the law if the city is very large her husband is very far away in the city?
Some Poskim rule that so long as they are within the same city [municipality] it is valid to break Yichud of his wife and another man, even if the city very large, such as New York city and London. Other Poskim however are stringent that Yichud is not broken in the event that he is very far way within the city and it can take him considerable time for him to come home. Some Rabbanim are accustomed to rule that distanced neighborhoods of a city are treated as two different cities, such as Ramot and Yerushalayim; Brooklyn and Manhattan; Stanford hill and Golders Green.
Husband is at work: See next!
What is the law if her husband is at work of which she knows he will not return home for a while?
In the event that the husband is far away in the city at work and the wife

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.945041
Retrieved Text: 2. Where do the Old Man and Old Woman live?
3. Which of the following does the Old Man say his occupation is?
4. Who is the first guest?
5. What is interesting about the Orator?
6. The theatrical movement that Ionesco spearheaded was which of the following?
7. What shape is the stage of The Chairs?
8. Who do the Old Man and Old Woman pay their respects to before committing suicide?
9. What does the audience do after the Orator leaves?
10. With whom was the Old Man once in love?
11. What does the Old Woman often ask the Old Man to imitate?
12. What does the Old Woman do after the room is filled?
13. Who is invited to the message?
14. In what city does the Old Man's story take place?
15. What famous play by Samuel Beckett came out in the same year as The Chairs?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.927651
Retrieved Text: Where in the Bible does Brother Branham read at the beginning of this message?
"And, behold, a woman of ______ came out of the same coasts, and cried unto him, saying, Have mercy on me, O Lord, thou son of David; my daughter is grievously vexed with a devil."
What does Faith take its Eternal resting place upon?
In the days of Noah, the sons of ______ were wise man, builders, inventors, scientists, real smart, real religious. The sons of ______ were humble shepherds and farmers.
Speaking of Moses, Brother Branham said, "After _____ years in the wilderness, that God had uneducating him from the things of the world, unto the mind of God; taking all of his doctor's degree, and everything, away from him, till He could work into his heart."
What does Brother Branham say Goliath's head must of been the size of?
The Bible said that David was _____.
A ______ means "separated to the Word."
What did Samson beat down with a jawbone?
John the Baptist knew that he was represented in the Scripture.
John the Baptist followed in the line of his father by going down to the schools and seminaries.
Which Scripture does Brother Branham use to show God's Word is a sword?
Which of the following hindrances did Brother Branham speak of the Syrophenician woman having, even though her faith didn't have any?
Some of them might have said, "Remember, you are of a different race."
Another critic might have said, "Why, the days of miracles is passed. We don't have miracles no more."
There might have been a bunch of women come to

########
Rank: 20
Score: 13.875713
Retrieved Text: Olivier Scarpelli was born in Nice, where the light and colour that represents the Cote d'Azur reflects in all that Olivier does. His work is a clever mix of figurative and abstract, all enhanced by his own original technique with both the brushwork and sparkling colours used, from bright reds to the typical blues of the Mediterranean sea and sky.
Olivier became fascinated with parrots after spending a year travelling and visiting museums and galleries in France, Italy and Spain. His work is certainly unique and Olivier believes that one may love his work or not and that there is no in between.
The Riviera Woman loves his work and we have chosen to show 4 of our favourite pieces.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 13.868963
Retrieved Text: I’m going on holiday to the abroad. You know, holiday where you sleep, eat, read good books, hang out with family and friends, attend a gathering or two and simply live like there’s no work. I get on the plane, right behind me is a woman with a full Celestial Church of Christ regalia: White robe, white cap shaped like a bonnet with a band, a blue slim girdle and bare feet.
I wasn’t in anyway taken aback, I was born into a white garment church so this wasn’t strange to me but I caught people looking; they were curious. I stood by my seat, trying to decide if I should get my laptop out or simply stash it away and sleep, then I heard the Celestial woman grunt loudly, “Mmmmmmhmpf” And then…. “Grhmpf” What is happening? I turn around just in time to see her bend over by the waist, shake something invisible off herself and in a quick flash, she stands straight and does the sign of the cross.
The flight attendant is wide-eyed, she’s confused and asks the Celestial woman “Ma’am. Is everything okay? Would you like medical attention?” I watch the Celestial woman shake her head and smile endearingly at the flight attendant as she says, “No dear, I’m fine. It’s just…. mmmmphrrrrrr” Celestial woman grunts again and this time louder as she shakes that invisible thing off her.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 13.855272
Retrieved Text: The government of Dominican Republic provides for valuation of nonmonetary contributions, such as staying at home to take care of the elderly and disabled (82).
The government of Dominican Republic provides for valuation of nonmonetary contributions, such as staying at home to take care of children or other dependents (82).
A woman in Dominican Republic can legally travel outside the country and her own home in the same way as a man (82).
Female and male surviving spouses have equal inheritance rights in Dominican Republic (82).
A woman in Dominican Republic can legally get a job in the same way as a man. Women can work the same night hours as men. Women are able to work in jobs deemed hazardous, arduous, or morally inappropriate. Women are able to perform the same tasks at work as men. Women can work in the same industries as men (82). The ages at which men and women can retire with full and partial pension benefits are equal (82).
Dominican Republic law does not mandate equal remuneration for work of equal value. The ages at which men and women can retire with full and partial pension benefits are equal (82).
There is paid maternity leave available to women in Dominican Republic of at least 14 weeks. Women receive at least 2/3 of their wages for the duration of their maternity leave. The government pays for 50% of maternity leave benefits. There is no paid parental leave. Mothers are guaranteed an equivalent position after returning to work from maternity leave. The government supports or provides childcare services.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 13.85123
Retrieved Text: Read a couple of good books on the differences between men and women and also one on the differences in personalities. If you do, it may prevent thousands of arguments or misunderstandings.
Women offer unsolicited advice and give direction, and men usually don’t take advice very well. The woman thinks she is just trying to help, but the man thinks she doesn’t trust him to make the right decision.
Men are visual creatures; once an image is in their head, it’s hard to get it out. Women are more inclined to remember emotions or how something made them feel.
Lord, I want to be a woman of wisdom and understanding. Help me comprehend why men are the way they are and how I can improve in my communication and friendships. Amen.
Now as a woman, I can completely agree with this. This is all we are ever trying to do when it comes to helping our men. The other day, me and my man were having a conversation about this exact thing. Giving advice to each other is something we do but sometimes it is not always received well, not just on one end but both. We came to the conclusion that it all comes down to the way we think. He told me that when a man comes home from a long and hard day of work, he just wants to feel as though it is not all in vain. So when he’s out there working hard, dealing with ridiculous work demands, horrible bosses or whatever, when he comes

########
Rank: 24
Score: 13.840579
Retrieved Text: e converse com um amigo sobre o que fez no fim de semana.
Aqui, o Chuck se apresenta para uma aula e passa suas informações pessoais – nome, email, telefone – para uma funcionária da escola.
[Chuck] Hi, I’m Chuck. I’m here for the class.
[woman] Oh, hello! How are you?
[Chuck] Good thanks. How are you?
[woman] I’m fine. So… what’s your last name?
[woman] Woods… OK. And what’s your phone number Mr. Woods?
[Chuck] Area code 201, 348, 9043.
[Chuck] No, it is actually 9043.
[woman] 9043, got it. And what’s your email?
[woman] Thank you, Mr. Woods.
Aqui, duas pessoas conversam sobre hábitos e o que eles fazem todo dia: o que comem, que hora saem, chegam, o que fazem no trabalho, etc.
[woman] So tell me about your routine. What time do you usually wake up?
[man] I usually wake up around 7.
[man] No. No alarm clock.
[woman] And then… you have breakfast.
[man] Well, I usually take a shower first and get dressed. Then, I have breakfast.
[woman] Do you have coffee or milk for breakfast?
[man] No, I don’t, actually. I don’t like coffee, and I really don’t like milk.
[woman] So what do you have for breakfast?
[man] I usually have a slice of bread and a glass of juice.
[woman] Ok. And that’s around 7:30..
[man] Yeah, 7:30. Then I brush my teeth, grab my suitcase and go to the bus stop.
[woman] So you take the bus to work every day.
[man] Yeah, every day. I arrive at the office around 8:15, and I work all morning.
[woman] What do you do at work?
[man] I write reports, I send many emails,

########
Rank: 25
Score: 13.838858
Retrieved Text: This year, the Chinese designer to showcase her work Yiwei Xu made her NYFW debut when her All Comes From Nothing runway show premiered at Industria on September 8th.
LULU did the live sketch at ACFN fashion show.
All Comes From Nothing (ACFN) is women’s wear created by artist and designer Eva Yiwei Xu. ACFN is dedicated to women with creative lifestyles.
The ACFN woman is determined to experience life and the world as it is. No longer lost on finding who she is or how to be, she has reached a point in her life where she knows herself deeply. With her rooted identity, she welcomes everything in life with open arms. Both pleasant and challenging moments are savored equally since each play a special role in life’s deep unfolding.
Some of the names used to describe her are photographer, designer, author, artist, baker, florist, painter, composer, or playwright. She is between late 20 and early 50, or at least her heart is always young. She is very dedicated to her creative work. Her studio is where a myriad of adventures take place. She dares to venture into ideas unexplored by many. As a strong individual, the ACFN woman is not victimized by fashion. Clothing does not place an identity on her; rather, her overall essence defines the style. The ACFN woman creates for life. She is artistic, elegant, intuitive and adventurous. Fashion is an accomplice, not her calling card.
Inspired by the Chinese philosophy of simplicity and Minimalism art, ACFN designs combine the softness and draping found in natural

########
Rank: 26
Score: 13.8335705
Retrieved Text: In this Demonstration, a woman stands on a diving board that is anchored to the wall on the left. Use the sliders to set the mass of the woman, her distance from the left wall, the board width and the board thickness. The deflection from horizontal is shown on the diagram at the location where the woman is standing. Assume that the diving board is weightless, so the length of the board does not affect deflection.
where is the mass of the woman (kg), is acceleration due to gravity, is distance from the wall (m), is the distance from the wall where the woman is standing (m), is the modulus of elasticity for plastic (Pa), and is the moment of inertia ( ).
Rachael L. Baumann "Deflection of a Diving Board"

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.802148
Retrieved Text: Fashion stylist and consultant, Shannon Schroeder has gained renown in the industry for her refined and glamourous sensibilities, as well as the iconic images she creates in collaboration with some of the most esteemed artists.
Predominantly known as a high-profile stylist, Shannon has successfully transitioned to the world of freelance styling, where her work has appeared in magazines, television, fashion blogs, fashion shows and company websites. In this role, Shannon conceptualizes ideas, styles, and oversees the production of her shoots.
Shannon does what she does to inspire beauty in everyone. As a wife, a mother and career woman, she believes you really can have it all.
From fashion editorial styling to the beauty of brides, models and talent- my portfolio is extensive in range and body. Here is a glimpse into my work in FASHION & BEAUTY.
Kim Dawson Agency. Linda Layman Agency. DAS Model Management.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.787041
Retrieved Text: Zambian law establishes an anti-discrimination commission (152).
A woman in Zambia cannot legally apply for a passport in the same way as a man (152). A woman in Zambia can legally travel outside of the country in the same way as a man (152).
A woman in Zambia can legally apply for a national ID card in the same way as a man (152).
Primary education in Zambia is free and compulsory (152).
There is legislation on sexual harassment in education in Zambia (152).
The government of Zambia does not provide for valuation of nonmonetary contributions, such as staying at home to take care of children or other dependents (152).
The government of Zambia does not provide for valuation of nonmonetary contributions, such as staying at home to take care of the elderly and disabled (152).
A woman's testimony carries the same evidentiary weight in court as a man's (152).
Women are able to work in the same industries as men in Zambia (152).
A woman in Zambia can legally sign a contract, register a business, and open a bank account in the same way as a man. Men and women have equal ownership rights to immovable property (152). Discrimination based on gender is prohibited in access to credit in Zambia, and so is discrimination based on marital status (152).
Discrimination based on marital status is prohibited in access to credit in Zambia (152).
Women make up 48% of the total labor force in zambia (152).
Zambian law mandates nondiscrimination based on gender in employment. The dismissal of pregnant workers in Zambia is prohibited. There is legislation on

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.775993
Retrieved Text: Wrinkles come to the American woman at a much earlier age than they come to her European sister. And the pitiable things about it is that they are not wrinkles of age.
The unlovely lines that come to the American woman’s face before age has had time to make any material inroad upon her beauty are one of the curses of the American habit of hurry.
I was watching a group of shoppers in an F street shop a few afternoons ago. There was not a relaxed muscle in any single face in the group. The mouths were drawn in straight, unlovely lines — the corner muscles were pulled into wrinkles, and the muscles around the eyes were contracted, causing deep vertical lines between the eyes. Across the foreheads ran corrugated lines, the result of tensely-elevated brows.
And I should not judge that there was a woman in the group whose years numbered more than thirty-five!
The face of the Parisienne woman preserves none of this tenseness, no matter where she goes nor what she does, as a consequence of which she does not lose her grip on youth and beauty until she is quite an old woman.
Complete relaxation of the facial muscles is the first lesson to learn in the avoidance of wrinkles.
We have had one talk on nervous tension and how far it goes toward the elimination of youth and beauty, but we cannot talk too much about it; we can not impress the necessity to learn relaxation too forcibly if we mean to keep our grip on

================



======= Instance Index 7 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Hello, this is TBC Television Studios. How can I help you?

M: Hello. I'm calling because I saw an ad in the campus newspaper. It said you wanted an assistant to work on your local news program.

W: Right. But you do realize that we just need volunteers. It's an unpaid position.

M: Oh, sure. I understand that. I just want to get some experience working for television news production after I get my degree.

W: I see. Well, you'll need to talk to Ms. Black. She is in charge of the program. But first, you'll need to come here to fill out an application form. Can you drop by the studio later today?

Question: Why is the man applying for this position? 

- He needs a well-paid position.

- He has recently lost another job.

- He wants some working experience.

Target Text: He wants some working experience.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.761786
Retrieved Text: John McAfee will run as Libertarian Party candidate for president.
‘Affirmative defense’ established for drugged-driving cases.
And why Darryl W. Perry is the best man for the job.
This entry was posted in Live Radio and tagged liberty, tyranny, worms. Bookmark the permalink.
It may be worth noting that the term “Cyber” meant “government” long before anyone started applying it to technology. The science fiction story which introduced cyborgs called them that because these half-man half-machine creatures were in his story made by the government in order to serve as its agents.
Fun conversation and great to hear Jim Babb is safe out of Mordor on the potomac. I could feel the anticipation as he was analyzing McAfee and decided he wanted to like him. Worms!
The end of the first hour was also very good. A lot of people in Randy’s position would be glad the murderer got punished and the taxpayers got taxed and think that’s justice. In a case like you described there really is no good outcome.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.163637
Retrieved Text: Job interview: what questions to expect?
Although all interviewers have their own particular methods, some questions frequently crop up in interviews. So it is easy to predict them and prepare your answers.
• Describe your current position and your everyday tasks.
Take this opportunity to prove to them that you are exactly who they are looking for. Make sure you stress your current responsibilities which could prove relevant for the position for which you are applying. Applying for a completely different position? Do not hesitate to provide examples of skills or responsibilities which are relevant to the position for which you are applying.
• What have you achieved in your professional career thus far?
If you have sufficient experience in a similar position, it should be easy enough to prove to your interviewer that you are the ideal candidate. If you are applying for a completely different position, do not hesitate to mention the different projects you have been involved in and use them to demonstrate the extent of your knowledge.
• What are your aims or ambitions?
Explain your career plans to your interviewer and how you imaging your professional future to pan out. Make him believe in your ambitions, but don’t exaggerate and do be realistic.
This question can be difficult. If you are not satisfied in your current job, do not be afraid to say so. But avoid being negative about your colleagues or your boss.
• Why are you interested in this new position?
Your reply should explain your motivation. Show that you are convinced you are made for this position. Look

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.12369
Retrieved Text: Here at Converlogic, our priority is you! Our highly trained staff is dedicated to helping you make your career dreams a reality. As an expanding technology group, we can offer you challenging career opportunities. We value the professionalism and experience that our employees bring to Converlogic. That is why we always encourage our employees to continue their growth and development.
Your resume should give us all the important information about yourself, your past employment and education, and your achievements and qualifications. This should be clearly structured and precise. It is particularly helpful if we can identify a consistent progression towards the position you are applying for from your resume.
Your cover letter should be tailored to the position advertised and answer some important questions like Why are you interested in this position?, Why are you applying to Converlogic, specifically?, What qualities and skills make you the ideal candidate for this position? and What are your salary requirements?
As soon as you have submitted your resume, we will send you a confirmation of receipt. Since we will then need time to assess your qualifications carefully, we would ask that you be patient. We will get back to you as soon as we can.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.965162
Retrieved Text: Software engineer jobs are one of the most in demand jobs in the corporate world. Through the continuous advancement of technology, certainly there will be a lot of position openings for this profession. But it is also undeniable that there are a great number of aspiring software engineers in the industry. Certainly, the competition nowadays will be much stronger than ever. That is why it is important that you are always one step ahead of your competitors. This article will provide you some tips to be successful in applying for software engineer jobs.
This is one of the most effective ways you can land a job. Having connection to some acquaintance or friends who are already in the industry is definitely a big factor that you’ll get the position. There are so many ways that you can expand your network such as attending conferences and forums, and other social activities or events related in engineering.
Be prepared is not about knowing everything. Being prepared means enhance yourself and get ready for the hiring process. Remember that in any job, before you get the position, you need to undergo the hiring process of a particular company. This means that you need to be knowledgeable about the technical terms, and you should have a strong understanding of the position and company you are applying for.
As an aspiring software engineer, you should be able to show to the hiring manager that you have enough knowledge and experience about the job. You can showcase your portfolio that entails all the projects you’ve

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.419863
Retrieved Text: What some people fail to realise is that it's not just the interview that will make or break your success. In fact, a lot of people never make it past the first email.
Why is this? Well, the sheer volume of applications that many recruiters and schools receive means that they have to filter them at the earliest possible opportunity; the initial email.
In this article, we're going to look at the 7 most common errors that applicants make in their initial emails. Knowing these will put you head and shoulders above the competition.
Just because something is an email, doesn't mean that you needn't add a salutation. This is afterall, a job application. What looks better to a recruiter? "Dear Sir, I'm writing to apply for ....." or "Here's my application."?
It never hurts to proofread an email, especially when you are applying for a job as an English teacher! Attention to detail is important for any application, as is professionalism. Just because something is an email, doesn't mean the application has to be any less formal than a written application.
A lot of recruiters deal with more than one position, in multiple countries. If they can't immediately figure out what job you're applying for, they might pass over your application. Not only that, it usually shows that you've rushed your application, or don't pay attention to detail.
Usually though, it's a requirement of the application, so when you don't include it, it shows that you can't follow instructions to the full. Not a good sign.
Personalised emails always work better, but

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.403912
Retrieved Text: Many men don’t moisturise because they think doing so is too feminine. Here we are going to take a look at why women moisturise, the benefits of daily moisturising, and why men should moisturise too.
Women moisturise for several reasons. Mainly they moisturise because they want to look their best. Applying moisturiser every day will keep their skin looking soft and smooth, and is all part of their daily beauty routine. It is the same reason why they put on eyeliner and lipstick, and why they like to look after their hair. Women like to look their best, and applying moisturiser every day is just another part of that.
However, moisturising is also important for the health of a woman’s skin. Daily washing strips the skin of its oils, and without applying a moisturiser the skin would be very dry and become cracked and unhealthy.
Looking at the main reason why women moisturise, this gives us a clue as to why many men don’t like to moisturise. They associate it with the whole feminine beauty regime, so just as they wouldn’t want to apply eyeliner or lipstick they also don’t want to appear girly by applying moisturiser. Many men think that being a man is all about being tough, and while that is true, is it really such an indication of weakness or lack of masculinity to take care of your skin?
So, men like to be tough and assert their masculinity, but is it really so masculine to have bad skin? By moisturising every day will not only make

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.206415
Retrieved Text: Your resume is done; it’s time to write your resume cover letter. If you think writing your resume was hard work it’s even harder to write a stand out cover letter simply because your cover letter is actually the first thing an interviewer will see, a cover letter is your opening introduction and creating that very first good impression is extremely, important. A cover letter is a one page brief and concise statement and does not have to be full of flowery words or pompous statements, just a few flowing sentences that make sense and relate to the position you are applying for.
What position are you applying for? Your cover letter should state the job tile you are applying for – don’t assume people will automatically know why you have sent your resume and which job you are applying for. You will need to be specific about the job role – the company may have a few advertised positions in other departments or areas so don’t have your resume thrown out before it gets a chance to be read. To save confusion state the full job title clearly on your cover letter.
Consider where you heard about or found the job listed. Many employers are interested to discover how you found out about their business or company so you can give this information clearly in your cover letter, Simply state you saw their listing on line, in a newspaper, or perhaps heard about it from a friend or one of their employees have recommended you for the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.119383
Retrieved Text: Thank you for your interest in Coaching with Maccabi Canada.
You may apply for more than one sport if desired. More than 1 coach may be selected for a sport.
Maccabi experience is an asset but not a requirement. Coaches applying for this position do not have to be Jewish.
Compensation is based on the coach's qualifications and experience.
* 4. Please select the days you are available. Note: Weekday programs start at 6:30pm or 8pm. (Click all that apply).
* 5. Please select the cities you will be willing to work.
* 7. Describe your coaching background and/or experience.
* 10. Why are you a good applicant for this position.
Please submit your resume to info@maccabicanada.com.
Thank you for your interest in applying to be a coach for Maccabi Canada's Developmental Sports Program. A Maccabi representative will be in contact with you shortly.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.053497
Retrieved Text: Your resume is only a brief snapshot of everything you’ve accomplished.
To show an employer or administrator you’re the right person for a specific position, include a cover letter.
A cover letter helps you introduce yourself to a potential employer and outlines why you’re applying for the job.
It tells the employer exactly why you are a good fit for the position, and it’s your chance to go into more detail about a particular experience that is relevant to the role.
In this extension, you’ll create a cover letter using a Google Docs template.
Use the job posting linked on screen, or use your own example.
To start, open Google Docs.
Scroll down to find the “Letters” section.
A cover letter is written in a formal style called a business letter.
Any business letter-style template will work for your cover letter.
Give your document a descriptive name that will make it easier for the reader to identify you and the document’s purpose.
Type your contact information at the top of the document, following the order of the template.
The next section is for the hiring manager’s contact information.
Address your letter following the job posting instructions.
If a contact or hiring manager is not mentioned, search the internet to find the correct name.
Type the name of contact, company, and their address.
If you can’t find the name of the person in charge of hiring, address your letter to Hiring Manager.
Follow the addresses with a formal greeting.
Next, write the body of the letter.
Explain why you’re a good fit for this job.
Include: The position you’re applying for, Why you’re interested in the role,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.955647
Retrieved Text: Writing an essay is not the simplest thing you can do. In fact, it is the most difficult tasks that you can get involved in especially when you are not good with grammar and creativity. When writing a personal essay for an application, the whole package should show who you are and what you bring to the people. The essay should include all the required parts which the applicants want to see. Therefore, it is very important for you to think well of how you write the paper. You should use critical thinking and creativity to draft the first copy and then write the final copy in the best way possible. You also need to understand that there are many people like you who are applying for the graduate position. There are many people from all over the world who are interested in getting to that particular position. For this reason, the copy needs to be very good to read. It should contain all the relevant points.
The following questions are appropriate when writing the paper.
- What are the evaluating committee looking at in the first place. What then sets you aside from all the other candidates who are taking the course? What kind of people will be applying for the position?
- What is the main reason why you are applying for this position? Why are you interested in it?
- Where did you learn about the course?
- What are your future career goals?
- What are the gaps in your academics that need to be addressed?
- What are

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.829653
Retrieved Text: Cover Letter: learn how to write the perfect one!
What distinguishes me? Why am I the ideal candidate for this position? The focus keyword doesn’t appear in the first paragraph of the copy. Make sure the topic is clear immediately. Precisely these questions are the ones that you have to answer in a cover letter. The cover letter is the personal part of a job application, where you argue in a nutshell why you are especially suitable for the job.
In a nutshell means: do not repeat your whole CV! Instead, enumerate the skills, experiences and qualifications that are relevant for the new job. Only point out the parts in your CV that coincide with the new position – this applies to the extent of the letter too: the text should fit without fail in a DIN A4 page.
As what am I applying for? (Profession, occupation, e. g. bricklayer, sales representative).
What job advertisement am I referring to? (Source of information, e. g. newspaper with publication date).
The following applies to the form of address: better to be specific than general. If possible, address the recipient directly by their name. The name is often mentioned in the job advertisement. Should this not be the case, you can call and ask to whom it should be addressed. Instead of writing a formal ‘Sehr geehrte Frau …’ (‘Dear Ms. …’), a more casual approach like ‘Guten Tag Frau…’ (‘Hello, Ms. …’) is also suitable. You cannot find out who the contact person is? When in doubt, you can resort to the more

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.809383
Retrieved Text: Writing a cover letter for an unadvertised position Cover Letter for Sales Assistant Positions for High School Students. Apr 2017. Architecture Cover Letter Disclaimer: There are affiliate links in this post. C.V. • Try to put most writing a cover letter for an unadvertised position information on the first page.
COVER LETTER TEMPLATE. I am applying for the above position you have advertised in the Herald Sun on the 23rd. Nov 2017. EMPLOYMENT CAREER STRUCTURE. CV even more to catch the readers attention. A well-written, employer-centric cover letter will typically consist of three main.
Applying for an entry-level waiter position? Highlights your key skills and qualifications relevant to the position. Nov 2018. Writing an internship cover letter is like peeling one of those big oranges. Employment cover letter for unadvertised position by qmm18894 Employment. For example, if youre a digital strategist and you notice that the fashion startup.
Cover Letter for Summer Law Clerk–Unadvertised Position. The cover essay on indian culture in punjabi language for an unadvertised position, also called a cold contact or inquiry letter, requires work to locate the information you need and finesse to encourage review of your submission.
Jan 2015. Typically, you apply for the positions you find on job boards and. What if you discover a. The File Names for Your Resume and Cover Letter are All Wrong.
One of the most powerful ways to get your resume noticed by an employer is by including a strong cover letter that speaks thesis topics for msc economics to the job.
Books, resume cover letter is chapter 1 thesis

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.721111
Retrieved Text: FLASHBACK FRIDAY: Is Your Resume Ready?
It’s about that time of the academic year where you might be applying to school or jobs or internships! Working on your resume can seem like a daunting task. If you’ve heard of the importance of tailoring your resume to better fit the different things you’re applying to, but you have no idea where to start, you might find these tips helpful. If you find yourself sending the same resume to multiple people, you’re not tailoring your resume enough! By doing this you show that you’ve taken the time to really think about what you’re applying for. Interested? Read on!
This section can be incredibly helpful to employers or admissions committees. It states what position or what type of work you’re interested in and why.
For example, you might write “A position in social science research, utilizing a background in psychology, research methods, and statistics.” If you can be as specific as possible in the least amount of words as possible, readers will know with one glance if you’re a good fit or not.
Quick tip for tailoring: Look at the job description or school program description and mirror the language. Check out their vision, mission statement, and purpose of the program or position. Include the exact name of the position or the degree name.
This is usually seen as an optional section, but I highly recommend it. I’ve received a lot of positive feedback for including this section on my own resume. This section can be especially important for applying to schools or internships

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.67608
Retrieved Text: It is very important to ensure you have a good cover letter accompanying your resume. Unlike a resume cover letters are more of a narrative introducing who you are, why you are seeking the position you are applying for, and some dot points directly in response to the advertised position.
It is important to understand that cover letters should not be generic. A good writer should understand that employers prefer to seek candidates who have a genuine interest in the position and this is achieved through targeting your cover letter. When you apply for a position with intent you will be taken far more seriously.
As part of providing you with this service we investigate a position you would like to apply for and tailor your cover letter directly in response to an advertised position. This will ensure your application is targeted to the position you are applying for. The document will be sent straight to you for your own submission.
A well-written targeted cover letter.
Free amendments following the draft version, if required.
A neatly presented hard copy, if required.
This convenient online service is only $50.
If you require a resume and a cover letter a value pack discount will apply. The total investment for this combined service is only $240 (which is a saving of $20).
There are many ways to prepare an effective cover letter. If you are curious as to whether or not your cover letter is optimal, let us know and we will assess it for free.
After a quick assessment of your document, we will let you know

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.668827
Retrieved Text: The position you are applying for is a seasonal position. This position requires standing for long periods of time, some lifting and a work schedule that will require you to work during some holidays and weekends.
Employment History - Starting with the most recent employer, list previous employers and positions.
Have you ever visited a Gifford’s Ice Cream Stand? Describe your experience.
Why would you like to work for Gifford’s Ice Cream?
What did you most enjoy about your current or previous job(s)? Why? (If no previous work experience, please discuss your positive experiences as a student).
What did you least enjoy about your current or previous job(s)? Why? (If no previous work experience, please discuss your positive experiences as a student).
Is there any additional relevant information you would like to share?
By checking this box and typing my name below, I have agreed to submit this application by electronic means. By signing electronically, I certify that my answers, to the best of my ability, are correct and complete.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.644386
Retrieved Text: * 2. What is your major?
* 3. What year are you currently?
* 4. What is your expected graduation month/year?
* 5. What is your email?
* 6. What committee position are you applying for?
* 8. Why have you applied for the position(s) you applied for?
* 9. What makes you a strong candidate for the position you applied for?
* 10. What are some improvements you would like to implement next year?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.641178
Retrieved Text: Below we have a list of positions that we are currently recruiting for. However, we are always looking for qualified candidates that are interested in us! If you are interested in applying for a position that is not listed below, please apply to the “Open” job position. Please submit a cover letter listing your preferred position and why you are interested in ParkUSA.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.638315
Retrieved Text: If you’re looking for a job, you might have sensed that it seems to be taking longer to snag an offer than in the past. This is because the hiring process is intensive. Learn about the different stages of the hiring process, including interviews and pre-employment tests, and get hired by Phoenix International Raceway.
Applying for a job at Phoenix International Raceway can be a daunting process. You have to fill out an online application, write a cover letter, and craft a résumé. Make sure that you explicitly state the job name that you are applying to, and that you make a strong case for why your talents make you suited to this position.
It may take anywhere from a couple of days to a couple of months to hear whether you got an interview at Phoenix International Raceway. Each open position has hundreds of applicants. If you do receive an interview, make sure you do your research in advance.
NextHow Can I Score a Job at Partners Trust Financial Group?
This Is the Hiring Process at Doubletree Hotel Durango.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.615232
Retrieved Text: Do employers read cover letters? Should you even include a cover letter when you apply to a job? The answer to both questions is a big yes!
Employers only read a cover letter if your resume catches their interest. It is that simple.Your resume has to match the job description with evident skills and keywords that will pass the six-second scan by human resources. When your resume passes the eye test, most will go directly to your cover letter to see what you have to say about why you applied to the job in the first place.
You forget to change the name of the company where you are applying. This shows no attention to detail and makes it clear you are just applying to hundreds of positions. This happens all the times at all levels.
Your cover letter is way too long. This is not the place to tell your professional and personal life story.
Your writing style makes you look desperate for a new job. Giving too much information about your current situation of why you are searching.
You don’t realize that you are re-writing your resume HR just read in your cover letter. This is really bad.
Yea...typos and grammar. If you want a great job, this is not the way to get one.
Being a wordsmith. So many of you Google cover letter examples and pick the ones that have lavish words and long sentences. You don’t need this.
I am looking for an office support position with a small company. For over 12 years I've worked as an accounting

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.451948
Retrieved Text: There are too many resume formats for teachers but it will only lead you to common things. Yet, it is expected that when a teacher writes a resume, it should sounds perfect because of the profession the person was into. It is known to be that teaching job is a novel profession and when you are applying for this kind of job, it will absolutely reflects on your resume. Here is the best 2016-2017 resume format for teachers.
Pointing out your objectives. First of all you have to know, what is your purpose why you are applying for this kind of job? When you plan to write your objectives you must make it clear and suitable for teaching profession. In this part, you can indicate your goals as well as your interests. Also, you need to bear in mind that you don’t need to be too general and too specific, just make it simple and direct to the point.
Personal information, which includes your full name, address, contact information, date of birth and nationality.
Then followed by the question; what is your objective?
Educational Background and the length of years you have studied.
Work experiences that can be related to the job you are applying. You may also include some trainings that you have been to and rewards that you have received while working.
Other skills. It consists of your hobbies, computer skills, and even interest.
Since you are applying for a teaching job it is expected that your spellings are correct.
The resume format 2016 must look professional.
The resume for teacher’s job should

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.419167
Retrieved Text: You are here: Home › Queen City Law Blog › How can I prove there are no New Zealander’s available for my job?
How can I prove there are no New Zealander’s available for my job?
New blog on “How can I prove there are no New Zealander’s available for my job?”.
To read the full article as a pdf click here.
While we empathise with those we read about, it is clear that there is a lack of understanding of immigration policies and procedures. If you don’t want to find yourself in the same position, it pays to obtain professional advice to ensure you know what you need to do when applying for your next visa.
Many people speak of “renewing their work visa”. This can be misleading, because technically there is no such thing as a visa renewal in New Zealand. Each time you apply for a visa you are applying from scratch, which means all the requirements need to be met every time.
This means that if you are applying under the Essential Skills category, your employer needs to satisfy the “labour market test”. Each and every time you apply for a visa under this category, your employer should have proof that they have advertised the position locally and have been unable to find a suitable New Zealand candidate. It is not enough to say that your employer advertised the position when you applied for your first work visa. The labour market is constantly changing and Immigration New Zealand (INZ) needs to be sure that New Zealander’s are not

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.392645
Retrieved Text: 1 :: Why do you want to leave your current company Regarding Airbag Curer?
3 :: Tell me about a time when you had to give someone difficult feedback Regarding Airbag Curer?
6 :: What are your weaknesses for Airbag Curer position?
7 :: What five words would be describe you as Airbag Curer?
14 :: What experience do you have Regarding Airbag Curer?
15 :: What did you like least about your last (or current) job Regarding Airbag Curer?
17 :: Tell me about a difficult decision you've made in the last year Regarding Airbag Curer?
19 :: Are you good at working in a team Regarding Airbag Curer?
20 :: How did you handle meeting a tight deadline Regarding Airbag Curer?
21 :: What are your strengths Regarding Airbag Curer?
This is one of the most common questions you will be asked. Give an answer relevant to the skills and qualities relevant to the position you are applying to. The interviewer is trying to find if your strengths match the job. For example, if you are applying for a job Regarding Airbag Curer where accuracy is an important issue, one of your strengths could be that you have an eye for detail. It may useful to find different words to describe similar attributes and qualities in order to avoid repetition.
23 :: Why was there a gap in your employment Regarding Airbag Curer?

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.37117
Retrieved Text: Cover letter for creative writing position – Posa't la Gorra!
When you're looking for tenure-track faculty cover letter guide to prepare when you're applying for how badly you often, or completely-redundant-to-the-resume https://mundialmag.com/ At your advertisement for instance, 600 new job cover letter - bilingual customer service creative cover letter. At the first part of writing to the field, as they say: no cover letter writing an emphasis. Complete application consists of paper, statement of a marketing team. Please do not specifically call for a creative writing 101, linked in his or completely-redundant-to-the-resume clunkers. Keep in response to share with you have to different. Mention key writing cover letter for more on the time to humanize yourself to write the application is used when you will open. We say in making an employer sees in the prospective employer will give you a lot of your company? You're probably wouldn't be able to the first line reads: form letters doesn't. Cover letter typically accompanies your first chance to help you a position. When applying in writing 101, my student teaching colleges and diversify your job, and if you're right for job cover letter. Are receptive to the resident writer of 'adjunct instructor' advertized on why you're right for many job.
Print your qualifications for the right for other creative writing 101, 600 new hampshire ave. Here are some tips on the first few things that will car creative writing to shine through in 2018, evidence of this is a. Take a creative director cover letter that's tailored to apply for

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.214415
Retrieved Text: WASHINGTON—African-American man Barack Obama, 47, was given the least-desirable job in the entire country Tuesday when he was elected president of the United States of America. In his new high-stress, low-reward position, Obama will be charged with such tasks as completely overhauling the nation's broken-down economy, repairing the crumbling infrastructure, and generally having to please more than 300 million Americans and cater to their every whim on a daily basis. As part of his duties, the black man will have to spend four to eight years cleaning up the messes other people left behind. The job comes with such intense scrutiny and so certain a guarantee of failure that only one other person even bothered applying for it. Said scholar and activist Mark L. Denton, "It just goes to show you that, in this country, a black man still can't catch a break."

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.202488
Retrieved Text: Clearly tailor your letter to match the job specification. Match your own skills and past experience to the job by bullet pointing key responsibilities in the job advert and relating them to the position you are applying for.
Visualise the recruiter having to sift through a pile of covering letters and CV’s. If your letter is clear, well written, formatted and clearly states the position you are applying for then you’ve got a good chance of it being read.
Why are you interested in the role? What attracts you about the company? The recruiter will want to know, so best to include a bit about this in your letter.
Only focus on experience in your letter relevant to the role you are applying for. Your CV will provide further details. Therefore try to keep your letter brief and to the point. A page should suffice for most job applications.
We strongly recommend that you check your covering letter before sending to avoid any spelling and grammatical errors. Make sure you don’t accidentally send the letter on your drive that is meant for another placement! It’s always worth asking a friend to double-check your letter as well.
So that’s a quick insight from CVWOW. There are so many different views on what makes a good covering letter but most recruiters will agree with the above fundamental aspects to consider before applying for the role.
We value all feedback from both applicants and recruiters so feel free to join in the discussion.
You can join our Linkedin Group: UK Online Recruitment Solutions or follow us

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.165648
Retrieved Text: Jobbet "Bid Manager, Navy" er udløbet.
MAN Energy Solutions is looking for a Technical Sales Support Engineer to join our Internal Sales Team. This new position will be responsible for building a knowledge base for Navy projects within the Aft Ship & Propeller team.
You will be part of a sales team offering propulsion systems for both commercial and navy use, but will work across the entire organization to capture and structure the existing knowledge within the Navy segment.
Technical Sales Support for Navy, acting as the main point of contact during the bid stage, technical review and risk management process.
Create knowledge base for Navy projects to minimize up-front workload and improve bid efficiency.
Feedback Navy requirements to the organization.
Create sales materials for the sales organization and provide training in this.
Act as a Navy specialist on joint visits with colleagues and exhibitions as necessary (app. 40 travel days per year).
BSc in relevant engineering field.
Experience in Navy or Government sales.
Experience with Navy requirements like ILS, shock requirements, ITAR etc.
Self-driven, proactive and positive attitude.
Place of employment: Niels Juels Vej 15, 9900 Frederikshavn.
For further information about this position, please contact Head of Sales, Morten Pedersen, Phone +45 2370 0255 or morten.pedersen@man-es.com. Further information about MAN Energy Solutions can be found on our homepage www.man-es.com. On our homepage, you can learn about our history, products, core values and what it means to be employed at MAN Energy Solutions.
Please submit your application electronically via our homepage (the link in the job advertisement), please also enclose your CV and copies of relevant documents. Please feel free

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.130285
Retrieved Text: 2. How Do You Write a Cover Letter for a Resume? A good cover letter complements your resume in both content and visual style. In terms of the former, it tells the employer why you are applying to the position and exactly why you are qualified for the position.
How to Create Resume and Cover Letter for New Immigrants Create Resume and Cover Letter for New Immigrants. Before you start to apply for jobs in the U.S., you really should create a resume.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.128473
Retrieved Text: What vital skills do you need in the workplace?
So, you’ve decided that you want a work placement at Enterprise Rent-a-Car – all you need to do now is figure out the best way of applying. There are no better guides than Karabo Mazibuko and Jack Hayes, two of our interns who passed their applications with flying colours. They’ve put together a little something to help you get started – it’s called the A.P.P.L.Y. Guide.
First up; start your application nice and early. Using the job description and company website, research the position as thoroughly as you can. This knowledge can make the difference between progression and failure – so make use of all the resources offered by the careers team at your university.
When you’ve done all the preparation, it’s time to get going on your application proper; this is your chance to make a memorable first impression. Tailor your CV and covering letter to the position you’re applying for, ensuring all information is concise, relevant and up-to-date. Don’t forget to check for grammatical and spelling errors and attach any documents relevant to your application.
The interview, meanwhile, is your chance to make a lasting impression, so get an extra edge over the competition by being yourself and letting your personality shine through. Make no mistake: you will be asked questions about the company, so prep accordingly. It’s better to be relaxed in the knowledge that you’re fully prepped on the facts than to be nervous about being caught off-guard. And don’t forget to ask your own questions. Questions

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.104698
Retrieved Text: I recently had the opportunity to interview potential summer interns and it wasn’t long ago that I was an intern. I read through intern applicants’ writing samples, looked over their resumes and spoke with them about their experience as well as their aspirations.
The process of looking for an internship in any industry is intimidating and daunting. While searching for my own, I always wondered what was missing from my resume or what interview skills I hadn’t acquired yet, because I was on what seemed like a doubtful and weary search with no end in sight. After finally getting three internships under my belt, graduating and working in my current position, I’ve learned a little bit more about what we look for in intern applicants.
They need to be knowledgeable about the agency they’re applying to.
This is HUGE and is my number one tip when applying to any internship position. As an applicant, there is nothing more off-putting than not knowing the work/background of the company interviewing you. You need to show that you have put in the work to read up on the founder, employees and clients of the agency. Show that you have initiative and can take action without being asked to do so.
Your writing samples need to be clean and grammatically correct.
There is a reason PR agencies ask for writing samples; we write all day. If your writing samples have grammatical mistakes or formatting errors, it shows a lack of attention to detail and writing skills. Make sure you triple check your work before sending

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.07186
Retrieved Text: Are you looking to polish up your resume for a new job but aren’t sure how?
Well, you’ve come to the right place: this article will tell you the DOs and DON’Ts when it comes to writing your resume.
But first, KNOW THIS: your resume does NOT define WHO you are or WHAT you’re worth. I mean, really, all it is is a piece of paper that the recruiters spend less than 10 seconds looking at!
However, you and I both know all too well that it is essentially this piece of paper that gets you the call back — or not. And that’s why here I offer you tips on how to maximize your chance of getting noticed. Making a good first impression is the first step!
1. Have irrelevant part-time jobs from high school listed.
Think about it: does your SAT score or AP scores really matter once you’re in college? No.
Similarly, recruiters aren’t interested in how many jobs you had in high school; they only want to know what transferable skills you have.
2. Have spelling errors, typos or incorrect grammar, especially if the position you are applying for requires attentiveness to detail (or you wrote somewhere on your resume or cover letter that you are “detail-oriented“).
Check you didn’t mix up “possess” and “posses,” “madame” and “madam,” “manager” and “manger,” etc. as auto-correct will not correct them! Typos and spelling errors are apparently the #1 pet peeve of hiring managers.
Have someone else — who is a stickler for grammar — read over your resume.
Read it out loud/from the bottom-up.
Print

================



======= Instance Index 8 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: I think it's going to rain.

W: I guess so. The skies are dark and cloudy.

Question: What is the weather like? 

- It's raining.

- It's cloudy.

- It's sunny.

Target Text: It's cloudy.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 13.433106
Retrieved Text: Translation:What is the weather like?
How's the weather? This would be a better translation.
More literal but not better. In BrE, at least, we are more likely to say "What's the weather like?", I think.
how would you say what is weather?
yes, that is what it means. i think the sentence what is love appears in the course in this sense already so I expected what is weather to be accepted as an answer to this question as it is so similiar, but wonder if there is a reason it would not be asked like this.
ah, just had another question using czym for what is _abstract_noun. would what is weather be cyzm jest pagoda?
co to jest pogoda? or "czym jest pogoda"
"czym jest ...." is a more philosophical question about a nature of "weather"
from what I just read czym is more for classifying which category something belongs to so I think co to jest is the one for the sense I was after.
EDIT: Whoops, yes, "co to za kstałt". Dziękuję!
That was probably "Co to za kształt?"
Co to jest = What is it?, so "What is X" - asking for definitions.
Like: Co to jest "kwadrat"? = What is "a square"?
"Co to za kształt?" = "What kind of shape is that?"
So how come it marks "What's the weather like" as incorrect? And gives "What is the weather like" as the acceptable answer.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 12.921845
Retrieved Text: What Happens If It Rains On My Wedding Day?
What happens if it rains on your wedding day? I get wet, my cameras will be fine and my skin is waterproof.
In all seriousness. The weather is the weather, it can't be controlled but we can make plans. From your side, if the weather has a chance to impact the day, like an outdoor wedding, then have a backup plan. Either an indoor option or wellies and brollies.
For me, the weather isn't that big a deal. Sure I would like warm sunny days, but it is what it is. If it's sunny, it's sunny, and if it rains, then we might get wet.
My approach to wedding photography is documentary, unposed and unstaged. I don't rely on good weather to deliver what I do, the weather like everything else becomes part of your day. Embrace whatever happens and smile, just like Gemma.
Gemma and Simon tied the knot at Waltham Abbey Church, partied at the place over the road (the Town Council), and had a fantastic day celebrating with loved ones.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 12.906919
Retrieved Text: What is Asheville NC weather like?
Home > Frequently Asked Questions > Travel Tips > What is Asheville, NC weather like?
What is Asheville, NC weather like?
With a mild climate and all four seasons represented, Asheville weather is definitely manageable and very pleasant. On average, there are 212 sunny days per year. Expect temperatures in July to be in the mid-80's. The January low is in the 20's. Fall temps average in the 60's, and springtime temps fall in the 70's.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 12.850343
Retrieved Text: What kind of weather do you like the most? Why?
What kind of weather don’t you like? Why?
How does weather change your mood? Tell me about it.
When did you last have to change your plans due to the weather? Tell me about it.
Would you like to work as a weather forecaster? Why? / Why not?
Do you think global warming is a serious problem? Why / Why not?
Would you like to live in a country with no snow? Why? / Why not?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 12.787592
Retrieved Text: The weather that we watch: From France: videos about clothes and weather!
Now a video about clothes and weather!
But tell me what you are wearing and...I'll tell you what the weather is like in your country!
A song about the weather! Would you like to sing with us?
Great videos! Congratulations to actors and actresses !
Fine , funny and interesting activity.
We understood very well the weather that you have through this video.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 12.691849
Retrieved Text: What is winter weather like?
What is the weather usually like in the winter?
Response to Does it get hot in hawaii?
The Weather HAS to be better than the ice we're having.
-- Vicki Rhodes (vrhodes@chi.tdsnet.com), January 23, 1999.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 12.597161
Retrieved Text: Weather maps aren’t something you just see on the news anymore. Each day, more and more organizations are recognizing the importance of accessing weather maps for themselves. The ability to track weather systems is invaluable for decision-makers in various industries, like education, transportation, aviation, mining, and more.
The good news: There are a lot of different weather maps out there.
There’s some bad news though: Not all weather maps are created equal.
Keep reading to learn what you should look for in your next weather map to be best prepared for whatever Mother Nature throws at you.
If you’re stuck here and don’t want to read on because the best weather maps cost money, take a read through our free vs. commercial weather data and see what the differences are.
If you already understand this fact, great! Scroll down.
It’s great to know what the forecast is, right? But trust us, the forecast can change a lot. Take Hurricane Irma, for example. Most models had the storm tracking over Miami and eastern Florida thanks to a system coming from the gulf. That system was supposed to push the storm east. However, the timing wasn’t perfect and there was nothing to push Irma east. Instead, she hit western Florida and the Keys hard, and residents only had about 24 hours to prepare.
Thankfully, Floridians are seasoned hurricane experts, so most people on the west coast we’re also ready. But this is just one example of how quickly weather conditions can change during severe weather events. Having real-time information means knowing up to the minute

########
Rank: 7
Score: 12.58302
Retrieved Text: There are many versions of weather software available on the internet. Some cost money others are freeware. I discovered Weather Center by CIL Software, a freeware weather software program that has just about everything you would want. It alerts you to severe weather, gives you detailed forcasts and displays live moving color radar loops. It also can display weather worldwide and also displays the current time in that area of the world. Download Weather Center and give it a try! Another nice weather program that we use here on left side the 6 Bears Farm website is called YoWindoW. The idea behind YoWindoW is to create a computer generated picture of what the outside is like according to current weather conditions and forecasts. This free version is limited but if you like it enough to purchase it, the cost is right at only $9.99. My Free Weather is another fine weather program that is worth taking a look at. It is freeware and works much like YoWindoW by creating a view of what the outside is like according to current weather conditions and forecasts. It includes a 5 day forcast but sorry, no automatic severe weather alerts.
Ronnie James Dio, a Cortland native, whose soaring vocals, poetic lyrics and mythic tales of a never-ending struggle between good and evil broke new ground in heavy metal, died Sunday, according to a statement from his wife and manager. He was 67.
Dio revealed last summer that he was suffering from stomach cancer shortly after wrapping up a tour in Atlantic

########
Rank: 8
Score: 12.577821
Retrieved Text: Weather Underground (Wunderground/Wunderweather) has been my favorite way to get weather updates, warnings, forecasts, etc. for years. Its interface is easy to use, collaborative, aesthetic and includes things like moon cycles, how many hours of sun per day, and you can easily go from one weather station to another.
One of my only quips with Weather Underground (Wunderweather) is its radar detection. If you go to the screen with radar, either online or on the mobile app, it seems to always buffer and doesn't go that far into the future. The main reason I usually want to see radar (living in SW Colorado) is to see storms coming through, or what type of precip will happen, which the weather forecast will offer, but the radar won't show that well.
I love wunderweather and use it both personally and professionally. I will say I like its interface and ease of use, but if you're going SOLELY on correct weather patterns, I would use a different service, like NOAA.
For work, I travel a lot and depend on knowing what weather is coming through. Every morning I use wunder weather to see what the day/week's weather looks like and what I can prepare for. I started out as a personal user of WW, but have continued to use it in a professional capacity.
I've been using wunderground for a long time. The best feature is the 10 day weather graph that allows you to see percentage AND amount of precipitation over the course of a day. A 100% of .01" isn't a

########
Rank: 9
Score: 12.574623
Retrieved Text: 생활을 하다가 날씨가 궁금해질 때 있죠?
What temperature is it today?
What temperrature is it today?
What's the weather like today? What temperrature is it today?
What's the weather like today? What temperature is it today?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 12.570316
Retrieved Text: Students share their jokes, letters and drawings with Matt Manatee.
Thank you for all your letters this week about what you like to do outside. Playing outside is so much fun!
This week, I want to know about very important people in your lives: teachers. What teacher influenced you the most and why? Every teacher is special. Tell me about the ones who have helped you the most. What did they teach you?
Keep sending your letters, drawings and funny jokes, and I'll keep printing them.
Q: What do you get if you mix a rabbit with a snake?
Q: Why did the little boy put lipstick on his head?
A: He wanted to make up his mind!
Q: Who did the inches follow?
I like when it is warm outside. I like to go to the beach because you can swim.
My favorite kind of weather is the warm weather. The reason I like the warm weather is because all of the flowers bloom and I can jump on my trampoline.
My favorite thing to do outside is to play with my father. Me and my dad like to play football. I have a really cool blue and black football. I like to ride my skateboard that I got for Christmas. Riding my bike with my brother is lots of fun too.
I like when the weather is warm because I like to play football, basketball, baseball and soccer.
I like camping, running and playing with balloons in this season. I like making stuff out of paper and I like playing hide and seek.
I like it when

########
Rank: 11
Score: 12.553874
Retrieved Text: In 1861 a man finally decided to put his predictions into writing and it was actually correct. Francis Beaufort and his student Robert FitzRoy worked on a new science in meteorology.
How do animals predict the weather?
Geologists are not responsible for weather forecasting.Meteorologists carry out weather forecasting and they can do thatthrough studying cloud movements, air pressure, wind speeds andseasonal readings from previous years.
What is the hardest thing to predict about weather?
The hardest thing to predict about weather according to mostscientist is winter. However, weather is generally hard to predictand most people have to keep guessing.
How do weather vanes predict weather?
Yes, you can predict the weather. Meteorologists and otherscientists have tools to help them predict 10 day weatherforecasts.
What is the importance of weather prediction?
You can predict the weather can you predict the climate?
How do satellites help predict the weather?
Weather is predicted at the scene of were it happens, or at a weather station.
What are the five steps to predict the weather?
How is weather data used to predict weather?
A prediction of what the weather will be like is a?
What are weather predictions based on?
Meteorologists use satellites, radar, current weather patterns, several tools (such as weather balloons or weather planes), etc. to predict the weather.
How does an anemometer help predict the weather?
Anemometers measure wind speed and determine wind direction. Using these sets of data, meteorologists can calculate wind pressure.
Why are satellites useful in predicting the weather?
How does the farmers almanac predict the weather?
It uses information based on the Doppler RADAR (invented and designed by Andrew Doppler) to predict weather

########
Rank: 12
Score: 12.5178
Retrieved Text: Weather forecasting has come a long way in recent years, but there are some forecasts that you just can't trust.
Finding a weather forecast is easier than ever these days. Open up a mobile app, go online, turn on the TV, read the newspaper or listen to the radio and you'll find a weather forecast. If you're enthusiastic enough, you can even access weather models online and have a go at producing a forecast yourself.
However, despite the exceptional advancements in forecasting during recent years, there are still some firm limitations on how far ahead we can accurately predict the weather.
Day-to-day weather forecasts come from powerful supercomputers that run complex mathematical models to predict how the atmosphere will change during the next few days. These models, which are called Numerical Weather Prediction (NWP) models, sift through millions of real-life observations and solve complex mathematical equations to predict how the atmosphere will change in the near-future.
Today's NWP models give us a pretty good idea of what the weather will be like, at any location on Earth, during the next few days. Their accuracy starts to wane beyond four days into the future and looking out more than a week becomes more of a rough guide than a discreet forecast.
When you start to look at what the weather might be like beyond the next fortnight, NWP models are unreliable and forecasters start to look at something else: climatology and climate models.
Climatology refers to what type of weather a location typically experiences at a given time of year based on its

########
Rank: 13
Score: 12.494828
Retrieved Text: Good news! Most manufactures actually publish the stats on their weather station accuracy, either on their website or in an owner’s manual that can be readily obtained online. We made your journey even shorter as we’ve already gathered the weather station accuracy numbers on most of the units we’ve reviewed here at wxobservation.com. They can be found on each individual station’s review page. As you will likely notice very quickly when looking through our reviews, it’s common for the best home weather stations to also be some of the most accurate.
By purchasing high quality components from proven brands like the ones we’ve reviewed on this site, you’ll find they are more reliable and more accurate than cheaper models. Spending a few extra bucks now could save you from buying add-on after add-on later trying to make your home weather station more accurate through aftermarket components. Some of the low-end weather stations use very light weight, cheap plastic components that might not make it through some tough storms. Once the anemometer gets bent or the sensors damaged, it’ll be even less accurate than before.
These are a good rule of thumb for what you can expect out of the best home weather stations.
A radiation shield is a component that blocks the sun from shining directly on to the temperature sensor, reducing the error from solar radiation and precipitation. Most weather stations for home use are naturally ventilated through louvers in the shield. These are pretty effective as long as you can keep them away from large objects like

########
Rank: 14
Score: 12.396491
Retrieved Text: Think about what you know about weather patterns and weather reports. What do you think causes weather?
I think weather is maybe caused by how the Earth revolves around the sun in a way because since it moves around it, since the sun shines in different places on Earth at different times it could cause it to change.
I claim weather is caused by many ways, for example like condensation, precipitation, evaporation, ect. With condensation it is when water vapor turns into liquid. When there is precipitation it is rain, snow, sleet, hail, ect. With evaporation its when liquid turns into water vapor and goes into the atmosphere.
I think that air masses, cold fronts, warm fronts, and varying amounts of pressure in the atmosphere causes weather to change. I claim this because when two air masses collide it causes bad weather. When a cold front comes it brings cold and stormy weather. When a warm front comes it brings warm and fair weather. Low pressure produces condensation which creates clouds and high pressure does not produce clouds so there is fair weather and no precipitation.
I claim that the water cycle is a huge factor in what causes weather. My evidence is when there is warm weather, the water is going to evaporate. Then the water will condensate and form clouds. When the temperature is colder and there are clouds, there will most likely be precipitation.
I think weather depends on the atmosphere and the sun because weather is in the atmosphere and the sun can make it hot and

########
Rank: 15
Score: 12.377965
Retrieved Text: Nature, seasons. English Language, 2–4 класс: уроки, тесты, задания.
2. What is the weather like today?
10. Vocabulary. Is it sunny?
11. Vocabulary. Is it cold or hot?
15. Spelling. What is the weather like today?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 12.345488
Retrieved Text: Do you want to know what the weather will be like? On this page you can find the weather forecast next weekend of North America.
On holiday but what will the weather be like in Cave Creek?
Here you will find the 14 day weather forecast for Cave Creek.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 12.33513
Retrieved Text: I hope everyone is surviving the cold and snow.….
If you need help shoveling your driveway, do not hesitate to give me a call.
What are weather is like….
What I wish the weather was like….

########
Rank: 18
Score: 12.311954
Retrieved Text: On this website we recommend many pictures abaout Blacksburg Weather that we have collected from various sites theworkhub.me, and of course what we recommend is the most excellent of picture for Blacksburg Weather. If you like the picture on our website, please do not hesitate to visit again and get inspiration from our website.
And if you want to see more images more we recommend the gallery below, you can see the picture as a reference design from your Blacksburg Weather.
Thank you for seeing gallery of Blacksburg Weather, we would be very happy if you come back.
Similar Keyword Blacksburg Weather : blacksburg weather, blacksburg weather 10 day, blacksburg weather center, blacksburg weather channel, blacksburg weather feels like, blacksburg weather forecast, blacksburg weather forecast 10 day, blacksburg weather history, blacksburg weather hourly, blacksburg weather live, blacksburg weather loop, blacksburg weather map, blacksburg weather monthly, blacksburg weather noaa, blacksburg weather radar, blacksburg weather radar loop, blacksburg weather saturday, blacksburg weather service, blacksburg weather snow, blacksburg weather today, blacksburg weather tomorrow, blacksburg weather underground, blacksburg weather va, blacksburg weather yearly, blacksburg weather yesterday, and more.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 12.301837
Retrieved Text: The bread was warm, soft and tasty.
Learners of English often use single adjective to describe an object. In this grammar pattern, students should try to use two or more adjectives together at the end of each sentence. For many students, this is a question of pronunciation more than grammar. In any case, practice always makes perfect.
1. The air was clean, cool and fresh.
2. The car was fast and powerful.
3. My sister is intelligent, beautiful and charming.
4. We were hungry, thirsty and tired.
5. The weather was cold, windy and rainy.
1. How can you describe your family members?
2. What is your best friend like?
3. What is the weather like today?
4. What was the weather like yesterday?
5. Can you describe your favorite food?
6. What special food did you eat yesterday?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 12.2952385
Retrieved Text: 14 Days Weather & Flip Clock application that works as a widget for telling the time and showing weather information, which is synchronized with Internet data.
Go to customization and choose the clock appearance and the type of clock you want. The widget is simple but has a great design and does what it says, so there shouldn't be any problems.
BlueBox Media is the developer of 14 days Weather & Flip Clock, its free version and the premium one without advertisement and a week weather forecast.
App Interface changes in-time with the weather and time of the day.
If You don't want to get Ads - buy PRO version!
A simple and useful weather & time widget. Transparent Weather & Clock is a widget application where the data is synchronized with Internet. You will be able to see what the weather will be like in the next following days and change the location to discover more places. Install the widget, customize it to your taste and always know what the weather….

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.278842
Retrieved Text: It works best as a combination with a normal weather app. News, reviews, deals, apps and more. This is a great weather app for those who need something simple but also still looks good. It is a smaller app that uses less resources and network data than most which is great if you need something small. It has a full range of features, including the ability to play animations so you can see if the rain is coming or going. Thankfully, it covers all the basics. It features the ability to check currently, hourly, and weekly forecasts for a static location one you set or a GPS location.
A weather station for your Android phone by ! This app provides you with - 7-day forecast - Current weather - Homescreen Widget (not possible if. This weather app is one of best free weather apps with full features: Local weather, weather map (windyty weather map service) and weather widgets.
Aktuelle Wetterdaten ☀ Die kostenlose App bietet dir viele Informationen rund um das Wetter. Bist Du in Deutschland oder einem anderen Land in.
Take a break and check out these app lists! It shows gorgeous imagery from sources like Flickr.
The app comes pre-installed on most Android devices as well. That's about all it does, though. There are also some weather widgets available. If we missed any great weather apps or weather widgets for Android, tell us about them in the comments! Here are some more app lists to check out!
GREAT HEADLINE FOR ONLINE DATING PROFILE Here are some more app lists

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.272128
Retrieved Text: As the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) moves closer towards placing humans on Mars, prediction of the weather on the planet becomes more vital to ensure the safety of the astronauts. Currently on Mars NASA has land based weather stations on the rovers and a few satellites orbiting the planet that help to predict the weather. They also use Earth based telescopes to look at the Martian atmosphere similar to what an orbiting satellite would . These resources provide information about what the weather is like on the surface and what the weather looks like from space but there is little information from inside the atmosphere. Having a device that can fly through the atmosphere and collect data would enable scientists to generate more accurate models of the weather on Mars.Another use for these devices could be to get aerial photographs of the planet, which could help to determine possible sites for future exploration. Also the Martian air could be collected and analyzed to determine its composition and whether there could be any airborne signs of life. The research presented in this thesis is a first step towards designing a device to fly on Mars and take weather data. A lifting type is selected and through test flights on Earth the design is modified until a workable platform for flight testing is achieved. Once it is determined, the design is scaled to be able to fly in the Martian atmosphere.
Ivie, Benjamin, "Design of a Controllable Weather Balloon to fly on Mars" (2017). Theses and Dissertations.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.236295
Retrieved Text: Alabama Standards. When someone asks, “What is the weather today?” you know what they are asking. They are asking what it is like outside. They want to know what nature is doing in your area – raining, snowing, blowing… How We Measure Weather: We measure temperature using a thermometer. A wind vane measures the direction of the wind. A rain gauge measures how much rain falls.
3.8. Recognize daily changes in weather, including clouds, precipitation, and temperature.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.231288
Retrieved Text: In a Country where in the middle of May one day can be a heat wave and the next terrible storms it is no wonder kids are intrigued by the Weather.
One of the first things Addison asks in the morning is what the weather will be like today ? It is very important in terms of what school uniform she picks and whether she will get outdoor play.
So when Bostik set the theme Weather for this months craft I had an idea in mind.
I set about making a Weather Board, somewhere each morning, the kids or I could put what today’s weather would be like, simple and bright so that all 3 could take one look and know what the day ahead shall be like.
The whole construction took less than 20 minutes and only needs a few simple materials….
First I went about cutting all the different types of weather symbols from foam, I was lucky enough to have a few already but the others I just drew freehand. These could be made from any material, felt, cardboard whatever you have.
I then stuck a blue rectangle of foam onto a piece of card using Bostik Glue, this would give the background to the weather for that day, I added some foam grass just to make it look cute.
I also stuck on a little plastic wallet to store the symbols in which were not being used that day using Bostik Glue Dots and decorated with washi tape.
Lastly I used Blu-tack on the back of each symbol so that

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.231288
Retrieved Text: "It's a sunny day, the clouds are rolling like babies in the sky, and the sun shines like a 24 Carat gold bar." Look at this little bit of weather description. What atmosphere does it create? Does it give hope for the day? Think now on an opposite weather description, of a lightning storm. Wouldn't an adventure seem desperate now?
Weather descriptions can help to make the world more realistic. If the sun is always at the height of the sky, not moving, not changing, the world doesn't feel alive- it feels frozen in time.
It can be used as a way to signal what you want from your players. If done lightly enough, weather can be one of the most cunning ways to say what you want from your players. "I will go and destroy the goblin village. -As you walk, the nearer you get to the village, the foggier the surrounding is..."
It can add little bits of colour to the game.
How about you? How do you use weather in your games?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.187978
Retrieved Text: Would you like to know how to make great photos even when the sky is dull and the light unexciting? Or when rain, snow or lightning threaten? This book covers all types of weather with exciting ideas for what to photograph whatever the weather man says.
Have you ever felt frustrated by the weather when you were longing to go outdoors with your camera?
Would you like to know how to make great photos even when the sky is dull and the light unexciting? Or when rain, snow or lightning threatens?
In this book, I’ve covered all types of weather with exciting ideas for what to photograph on dull days, how to capture dramatic cloudscapes, how to choose the best camera settings on low-light days to capture beautiful images of fog and mist, how to create unusual, creative images when it’s raining and windy, and how to find inspiration in extreme weather like snow, ice and frost, storms and lightning.
Camera settings are included to you give you a starting point for every situation.
No excuses left, get out there and start getting shots that stand out from all those other fair-weather photographers who only shoot when the sun comes out!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.177035
Retrieved Text: GO Weather Forecast & Widgets is a weather forecasting app with meteorological data for over 100,000 locations across the world.
Using GO Weather Forecast and Widgets is very simple. The app will automatically recognize the city where you are and set it as your default. However, you can choose as many cities as you like and store them in a list of favorites. Once it’s set up, you can move between them with just a swipe to either side.
The first thing GO Weather Forecast & Widgets shows you is the current weather (rain, sun, fog, etc.) and temperature. Just swipe down to see more information for each city, like wind speed, temperature throughout the day, humidity, visibility, etc.
– GO Weather Forecast & Widgets cooperate with AccuWeather which provide the most professional and accurate weather service for 200,000+ locations worldwide.
Weather alerts: Inform you the severe weather at once.
Hourly/Daily forecast: Detailed weather report, including temperature, feels like, wind, humidity, visibility, sunrise and sunset, severe weather alert, etc.
Wind forecast: Know about details of the wind.
Precipitation forecast: Get to know whether to bring umbrella.
Map & Radar: Interactive dynamic maps, radar and satellite images.
Lifestyle: Forget the weather forecast, we tell you what to do!
GO Weather Forecast & Widgets Apk is an excellent app that has not only loads of info, but also a beautiful interface. It’s nice to see the weather information presented in such an elegant layout.
Related Post "GO Weather Forecast & Widgets v5.36 Apk"

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.1726
Retrieved Text: Did you know that you can learn to identify cloud types to help you predict the weather? Although meteorology is a complicated science, just looking at the clouds can tell us much about the upcoming weather. Observing and identifying cloud types is a great way to get kids outside, help them hone their prediction-making skills, and even learn some Latin!
Most of us are familiar with various types of clouds, like the big dark ones that build up before a thunderstorm, or the puffy ones that float by on a sunny day. However, you may not know their Latin influenced names like Cumulonimbus or Cumulus. Although the multi-syllabic names may seem daunting, they are actually pretty easy to break down and understand.
Most cloud names come from just a few Latin roots. Cumulus means “heap” and are the fluffy, puffy clouds we see on a nice day. Cirrus means “curl of hair” and are the thin wispy clouds you see high in the sky before a storm arrives. Stratus are the blanket-like clouds that cover the sky on an overcast day, and Nimbus are dark rainy clouds.
Once you’ve learned these roots you can easily combine them to make one of those big cloud names like Cumulonimbus (puffy, dark storm clouds) and Cirrostratus (wispy clouds that blanket the entire sky). Check out the flashcards and weather prediction worksheet available here to help you practice your cloud names and types.
It’s a lot of fun to take kids out on a cloud walk. Observe the sky, what do you see? What

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.159776
Retrieved Text: Would you like to know more about predicting the weather? Adventure enthusiasts need to know what the air is currently doing, what could change in the weather and when changes occur. Understanding the weather will help you understand how it can impact a planned trip or activity to keep you safe.

================



======= Instance Index 9 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Front desk. Can I help you?

M: Yeah, hi, this is Room 327. Is your dining room still open?

Question: Where are the two speakers? 

- In a restaurant.

- In a hotel.

- In the street.

Target Text: In a hotel.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.878284
Retrieved Text: HEBRON, Ky., June 28, 2017 – Legrand, the global specialist in electrical and digital building infrastructures, announced four new Nuvo Series Two and Six outdoor speakers that are designed to elevate living spaces surrounding the home with clear, crisp and powerful audio. Each model combines top-of-the-line components to deliver high-power handling and a lifetime of ear-pleasing performance.
The Nuvo Series Two Outdoor Speakers (NV-20D5 and NV-20D6), featuring 5.25-inch and 6.5-inch poly woofers, respectively, and pivoting .5-inch UFLC dome tweeters, produce a balanced and powerful sound for outside spaces.
The Nuvo Series Six Outdoor Speakers (NV-60D5 and NV-60D6), featuring 5.25-inch or 6.5-inch carbon fiber/Kevlar woofers, respectively, and 1-inch titanium tweeters, deliver premium and robust sound to the backyard, poolside or on the deck.
The Nuvo Series Six Dual Voice Coil Outdoor Speakers (NV-60D5-DVC and NV-60D6-DVC) are individual stereo-output loudspeakers that reproduce exceptionally nuanced premium audio from two carbon fiber/Kevlar woofers (of 5.25-inches and 6.5-inches, respectively) and two 1-inch titanium tweeters. These models can be used in confined spaces or where two speakers are not necessary.
The Series Two and Six speakers are ideal for any outdoor audio installation, or a perfect addition to any existing Nuvo whole-home audio system to stream music in exterior living spaces. Nuvo Outdoor Speakers feature durable powder-coated aluminum grills and aluminum speaker brackets. They are IP65-rated for outdoor use and MIL-STD-810-rated to withstand UV rays, salt spray, and extreme temperatures. All models in this speaker line carry a lifetime warranty.
For more information on Legrand Nuvo Series Two and Six Outdoor Speakers, please click here.
Images of the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.757966
Retrieved Text: Have you ever been in a situation where you wanted to watch movie or a religious sermon with your friends through a laptop, but the laptop’s speakers were not loud enough? Fortunately there is a great solution for that problem!
Arctic came with a nice solution. There is a nice two speaker system on the market. The S111 allows you to have the speakers play without even DC power. Just plug USB in and speaker’s line in and enjoy the sound of the speakers.
Once again, Arctic did good job packaging their product. S111 came in a nice package strongly protecting the speakers. It took some time to take off plastic bags holding the wires, but that’s not a big deal.
Seems like Arctic spend a good amount of time designing the speakers as they are designed amazingly. They don’t take much room, but sound like they are do. I would say that they are three times louder than my laptop speakers.
I checked the speakers by playing high quality music and by playing an amazing sermon. Speaking of music, the sound is very clear although lacking bass. Since its only two small speakers, I didn’t expect higher performance. I was amazed at the performance the speakers gave me anyway. Sermon sounded perfect, since there are no bass or other quality frequencies, sermon was great.
There are two ideas that in my opinion would make those kind of speakers even better. First, it would be nice to have grills protecting the speakers. Finally, it is hard to put those speakers in

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.515333
Retrieved Text: OK, so we have taken care of the you and the ladder. The next matter to look at is where you are putting your ladder. First, getting to to need to be. The two easiest ways to carry a ladder happen to be parallel to the ground or perhaps in an upright position. You may put the ladder on your will need to and stand it up where you need it. For guys like us, who carry a ladder from window to window, carrying the ladder upright is easiest. Guarantee the ladder is not extend and grab a lower step with one hand and take advantage of the other to keep it stabilized. In the event you carry a ladder up-right, or when you are raising a ladder, make sure you are free from any power lines. The last thing you want is to be electrocuted.
Stlfamilylife - Montana eps2 floor standing speakers. Montana loudspeakers, marketed by pbn audio, is a company whose products i have been very interested in for a long, long time i have seen them at numerous hi fi shows, and since i have two massive 1,200 watt monoblock power amplifiers that i like to pair with massive speakers once in awhile, i have been attracted to the montana's, partly because the line includes some really big models. Montana loudspeaker eps2 floorstanding speakers user. The pbn montana eps2 speakers are extraordinary in three regards performing in the upper middle range of competitiveness against speakers at twice their price ca 20k speakers where the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.2682495
Retrieved Text: Problem C14: Two speakers are producing sinusoidal sound coherently in phase. The speakers are separated by a distance of n1. The wavelength of the sound is n2. See the figure below. A person starts out at point A in the figure, which is far away from the speakers. The person walks in a circle around the center of the speakers and returns to where he started. When he does this, the sound gets loud n3 times during the circular walk. what is n3? Note that n1 and n2 have the same units of length, and n3 is unitless.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.237418
Retrieved Text: Hi all,.. so I just got my Rodeo two weeks ago...,.. already thinking that the stock radio just wont cut it for much longer. So, since I have been out of playin around with car audio for several years now, I figure its best to ask those who might know.
First off, the stock setup doesnt sound terrible, but its much less than what I'm used to,.. so. . . ..
I've got my old Pioneer DEH-P7700MP sittin around that I want to put in there,.
If I should change the head unit, would the stock speakers be able to perform any better than they do now with the stock radio unit?
Also, I noticed grills in the rear cargo area, up top near the rear window,.. no speakers in there, but looks like wires are there. wondering if I can add two speakers to there and tie them in with the rear door speakers?
radio swap done, and yes, it made a big difference in the sound, both volume and quality. I think I will leave the stock speakers in, and maybe add two more in the rear cargo area where the factory mountings are at.
Well it still depends with the conditions of your speaker. But you can surely replace your old head unit.
yes, as mentioned, head unit replaced, factory door speakers dont sound too bad with it, much better than the stock unit sounded,.. but I am not wondering about placing two speakers in the rear cargo area,... it already has places for them, looks like its made for

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.234348
Retrieved Text: What Is An In-Wall Speaker?
In-wall speakers can be mounted on a variety of flat wall surfaces and provide excellent sound for home theater applications, as well as whole house audio. Typically rectangular in shape (although OSD does offer square models), in-wall speakers take up far less space than traditional box speakers and wires are neatly concealed behind the wall. Wall speakers can even be painted to match a room décor—a favorite feature among interior decorators. Most in-wall speakers use the wall cavity as their enclosure or cabinet; however, boxes can be purchased for new home construction projects that create a solid, resonant-free enclosure. In-wall speakers come with special screws (called dog ears) that flip out and secure to the drywall (or other wall surfaces), a nearby stud, or a special frame attached to the studs. Custom installation frames (brackets) can also be purchased for a more secure fit or for lighter wall materials that require more support. In wall speakers are often categorized by the size of the woofer, not the size of the speaker itself, so a 6½” in-wall speaker has a 6½ woofer.
What Is An In-Ceiling Speaker?
In-ceiling speakers are very similar to in-wall speakers in form and function except that they are round in shape and slightly smaller in size. In-ceiling speakers are usually a little lighter and less noticeable than in-wall speakers, and like in-wall speakers, come with dog ears and can be mounted in either a ceiling or a wall. In-ceiling speakers can also be placed in custom installation frames (brackets) or

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.232162
Retrieved Text: My older children are all into music and wifi speakers. So when I got the opportunity to review some of MyAudioPets.com wireless speakers, I knew they would be perfect for the kids for Christmas as well as Holiday Gift Guide. The speakers are animal themed speakers that rock and are adorable!
When I opened the box and saw MOOZart and Ice Ice Baby I could not believe how cute they were! MOOZart is a cow, and Ice Ice Baby is a penguin. They are about the same shape and size of a regular sized egg. There is nothing "regular" about the sound that comes out of them though! They can really amp up the music.
Each of the MyAudioPets comes with a charging cable, a manual and a lanyard, so they are easily able to betaken with you anywhere you go. You can also print an adoption certificate for each pet. There are two options of these great speakers. There are the TWS Audio Pets, where two can be paired for a True Wireless Stereo (TWS) experience, or the Gen1 Audio Pets that work independently and cannot be paired. They have a variety of speakers to choose from so there is a speaker for everyone!
These little guys also have a built in microphone as well, so if you happen to be listening to music via your phone you can still answer without having to unhook the speaker. These speakers are convenient and super cute! Make sure you stop by MyAudioPets.com to see all the cute and adorable speakers

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.184758
Retrieved Text: The standard twin-speaker car stereo system has one obvious drawback. If you mount the speakers on the rear shelf, to hear the sound clearly you often have to turn up the volume to a level that is too loud for the rear seat passengers.
Whether you are fitting four new speakers, or just adding an extra pair to your existing system, the choice is vast. Below are some old speakers and fader controls from Pioneer. A TS-VX700 is a surface-mounted wedge-type rear speaker. B TS-R800 mounts into the rear parcel shelf. C TS-X30 is a surface-mounted rear speaker. D TS-1612 flush-mounted speaker for use in front or rear locations. E AD-940 fader control. F UD-780A fader control.
Conversely, if the speakers are fitted at the front of the car - and they are usually low down in the door panels - the sound in the back can be muffled by the seats.
The solution to this problem is to fit a four-speaker system, with two speakers mounted in the front and two in the rear.
For the front of the car you will probably find that the door panels are the best, if not the only, location available, though some cars have speaker positions built into each side of the dash.
In the rear of the car you can again mount the speakers in the doors (or the side panels on a two-door car), or on or under the parcel shelf.
There is a huge variety of speakers to choose from - in general you should buy the best quality speakers you

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.149156
Retrieved Text: At SoundRex, we are creating the next generation of sound technology. We initially start implementing our technology in Concerts, where in everybody who goes to the concert gets a wearable wristband speaker. So, now, instead of listening from just two main PA speakers, you are listening from 1000s of spatially distributed speakers. There are two major advantages to this system. Firstly, the sound experience is highly immersive and secondly it opens an entire new dimension of creativity.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.128604
Retrieved Text: The Audio systems we listen to tend to have multiple combinations of speakers going from a single loudspeaker, to sophisticated multi-channel 3D surround systems. When creating a listening room, or adding a sound system into your living room for example, where you put the speakers is an important factor in the sound quality of the overall result.
This guide helps to explain the speaker positioning options for the various speaker numbers and combinations. We have another guide which helps to explain the various surround sound formats.
We are always happy to offer advice, and regularly assess room layouts and speaker positioning for our customers.
Good old fashioned stereo – still the format most used for Radio and Music, after all we only have two ears!
For a high quality system, the stereo speakers will tend to vanish with a full 3D soundstage presented in front of the listener. This works only when all of the components used are phase-linear, meaning that all of the frequencies arrive at your ear at the same time, and in phase with each other. Our ears are very sensitive to the phase of an audio signal, and the brain uses the phase and timing to determine where a sound is coming from.
Adding a Sub to a stereo pair of speakers brings you to 2.1. This format has been largely dismissed by HiFi aficionados, as the timing (phase again) between the sub and stereo pair has to be accurate for it to sound good. This format should not be discounted, as it means that you can

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.942388
Retrieved Text: Last week we talked about speakers in general. This week we are talking about the different types of speakers we might need in a PA system.
Horn Speakers reproduce very high frequencies. There are two parts to a Horn Speaker. The horn itself is the visible part that looks a little bit like a giant funnel. The horn driver is bolted onto the back of the horn and actually produces the sound.
There are two types of horn driver, Piezo based horns are relatively cheap and compression horns are comparatively more expensive. The only major difference is the volume (measured in dB Sound Pressure Level SPL). Piezo horns cannot produce high SPL and are easily blown while compression drivers are capable of producing ear splitting loud Sound Pressure Levels.
Horn speakers are extremely directional so you can only hear the high frequencies where you point the speaker. They also require very little power to produce very high SPL's.
Mid range speakers are usually small speakers (from 5" up to 15" in size) that produce the frequencies below those that a horn can efficiently produce and above the frequencies of a Sub Woofer (120Hz upwards). They are usually a traditional speaker design. Mid range speakers are moderately directional and the higher the quality of the speaker cabinet, the more directional the mid range frequencies will be. Mid range speakers require a moderate amount of power to produce high SPL's.
Sub Woofers are usually speakers between 12" and 21" in size and are recognisable by their very large magnets.
Sub Woofers produce a very

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.938574
Retrieved Text: Watching movies at home is nicer when you have surround sound. However, it is not easy to put together a surround sound system. You have to plan ahead, mount speakers, and figure out how to hide all those unsightly wires. Philips Fidelio E6 provides an extremely simple way to get surround sound on demand.
Scott spoke with Senior Manager of Philips Electronics, Ken Chan, at the Gibson Brands Booth at CES 2016. They talked about the Philips Fidelio E6 Surround on Demand speakers. What might look like one speaker is actually two detachable speakers.
The speakers sit next to your TV. When you are ready to watch a movie, remove the top speakers and place them in the back of your living room. After the movie is over, you can easily put the detachable speaker back where it was. Philips gives you a very clean and tidy solution for true surround sound without any wires.
The Philips Fidelio E6 Surround On Demand speakers have internal Wi-Fi. The detachable speakers have a battery inside them that charges when the speaker is attached. It can be fully charged in two hours. You can watch ten hours of movies, with surround sound, on a fully charged speaker.
The Philips Fidelio E6 is not yet available in the United States, but may launch in Spring or Summer. The retail price $799.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.816246
Retrieved Text: I always get this stuff backwards. All I have to do is build a small PA for a bridge tournament. I need to chain three (perhaps four but probably not) speakers onto one amp. I want to make sure I'm not making some horrible mistake.
The powered mixer's amp puts out 220W @ 4 ohms.
The speakers I want to chain into are 300 W (Peak), 150W (Program), 8 ohm nominal load.
I'll be using the second amp (also 220W 4 ohm) to drive a "monitor" mix over in a training room. I'll hook one or two speakers up to it.
What are the implications of doing this? Am I going to fry my amp by screwing up the ohmage?
The PA does not need to be super loud, just loud enough to be heard in a room of people playing bridge.
If you can respond to this username at gmail, that'd be handy, but here is cool too. Sorry for being so clueless.
If the amp makes 220W into 4 ohms, it will make roughly 1/2 that at 8 ohms (say 110W for this discussion) this is well within the speaker and amps capability so no smoke will be released.
If you connect two of those speakers to one amp channel each speaker will draw 110W and consume the 220W capability of the amp.
Putting more than 2 x 8 ohm speakers on one amp output will load it below 4 ohms, perhaps over heating it and causing it to shut down early.
I'm perfectly ok with drawing only 110W on two speakers, it'll be

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.795229
Retrieved Text: The world of entertainment has seen many developments that have made the experience of listening to music a delight. All over the world, the quest of the music lovers is to find a speaker that will take care of all their needs that are related to music. It is important to invest money in such speakers that will be beneficial to us in the long run. This question has been answered by the invention of Yamaha floor standing speakers. These are tall speakers that are stationed on the floor. The company sometimes offers floor standing speakers on sale during in the festive seasons. The main rival of this product is the Sony floor standing speakers, which taken the market by storm. The Yamaha Company has not limited itself to manufacturing only floor standing speakers, but they also make Yamaha bass speakers, which have very interesting features that are making it favorite among the music lovers. While buying the speaker, the size, quality of the sound produced, cost, energy efficiency should be kept in mind. The brand is another important factor that should be seen before making the purchase. These are the important points that must be kept in mind while buying the floor standing speakers.
This is one of the best products that have been manufactured by Yamaha Company. The speakers are available in pair. The speakers are outstanding when it comes to the performance. The look of the product is very attractive due to the mat black finish. It can recreate the sound in HD quality.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.7574415
Retrieved Text: The problem: A decade of exposure to a harsh pool environment had taken a toll on the original sound system, that was not designed to withstand chlorine and moisture.
The solution: Replace the existing system with one designed for use in a harsh pool environment.
Sound Solutions was awarded the contract to redo the entire sound system for the pool, public areas, workout room and aerobics area at the Walnut Grove Community Centre in the Township of Langley.
The decade-old sound system had numerous problems, mostly exasperated by a hostile pool environment. Chlorine and moisture will shorten the life of sound system equipment if not carefully chosen to suit the installation.
The workout and aerobics areas had two sound system racks with an AM/FM tuner, a cassette deck and a CD player, along with associated controls. Over time, the AM/FM tuner had become intermittent, the cassette decks had long since stopped working (and were no longer required), and the CD player had been changed several times, as it was used heavily every day. The rotary controls on the preamplifier were intermittent, and sound would cut in and out at random in both the workout and aerobics areas. Finally, the wireless headset mics were falling apart due to heavy use, and reception of the mic was intermittent and noisy.
The speakers in both the aerobics and workout areas were powered Mackie speakers. While of excellent quality, these powered studio speakers were not designed for a workout environment, and the speakers were not designed to be hung via brackets. With no grille cloths

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.703233
Retrieved Text: You know that buzz and thud that goes through your entire body when you are in a cinema watching a cool Marvel movie and in comes Iron Man with his cool exploding gadgets or when you are anticipating a start of a race in Need for Speed, that feeling that you are basically in the movie riding along in the passenger seat or swooping along in the sky, could only be experienced in a cinema. But have you ever wondered why you have to go necessarily to a cinema just to feel that adrenalin rush and sense of reality being washed away. Well for starters a cinema is built in a way where you are bound to loose sense of reality, and the next thing is that the sound systems that have been set up, are absolutely amazing in quality, that it basically manages to penetrate through your entire body, giving you goosebumps to the roots of your hair, when there is an explosion or a random spirit flying about and making a hasty pop-in! But now, you don’t necessarily have to make the tiresome trip to the cinema just to feel this adrenalin rush, instead you could install your home with such high quality sound systems, yourself. However, here is what you need to consider when doing.
Back in the former days where these home theatre packages Brisbane were only introduced for the first time, there was only a very limited way, through which you could purchase such a sound system. And this meant that the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.627945
Retrieved Text: Ever feel bombarded by industry information? There’s so much to keep up with—where do you begin? Atlas is a leader in compiling industry trends and intelligence. We continuously collect insights and analyze changes in the industry in order to provide you detailed views into relocation policies and practices.
Atlas introduced “The Forum on Moving” in 1968, dedicated to the free and candid discussion of issues and ideas. It was the industry’s first national conference for professionals in corporate relocation. The Atlas Forum takes place over two days in April. Attendees can expect to network with associates, learn best practices from high-level industry speakers and colleagues, and hear from top-caliber speakers: thought leaders in relocation and relevant speakers inside and outside relocation.
Some of the speakers we have featured in recent years: Economist and Actor Ben Stein; Journalist Bob Woodward; Football Great Terry Bradshaw; Business Leader Carly Fiorina.
The Atlas Corporate Relocation Survey began as a companion to our Forum. Each year, we survey hundreds of decision-makers in corporate relocation. We measure and distill the findings, then report on the trends that shape the industry.
Where are people moving to? Where are they moving from? Almost before the new year has finished ringing in, we show you a snapshot of relocation patterns. Our interactive map depicts the origins and destinations by state/province for every move Atlas handled during the previous 12 months. Where does your state fall in the ebb and flow? See the answer here.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.601736
Retrieved Text: SoundandVision.com monthly newsletter had a link to Adorama for the top-of-the-line Polk speakers at an outstanding price, and I mean like 60% off. The link is below, you have to use it to get the pricing. Not sure how long it will last. It was almost too good to be true, but it is real.
I ordered two 707's and the 706 for a total of $2100 (no tax or shipping) for $$5200 list price. They are in my upstairs family room system, where I spend the majority of my "regular" TV watching. The new speakers sound great! These are heavy speakers, but Adorama double-boxed them and they were undamaged by UPS.
New York-based retailer Adorama is offering some crazy deals exclusively to Sound&Vision.com readers on a half-dozen speakers from Polk Audio as we enter into the home stretch of holiday shopping. Discounts range from 58% to a whopping 67% off and include free shipping.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.493737
Retrieved Text: Description Tamil, a language with a long and ancient literary tradition, has been spoken in southern India for several millennia. Ninety-two percent of its speakers live in India's southern Tamil Nadu State, where it is spoken by 48 million first language speakers. By some accounts, second-language speakers also number in the millions in the southern part of the Indian subcontinent.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.48045
Retrieved Text: Choosing an Amp is in part a decision of what your vehicle intentions are. Are you Just adding Speakers? Are you adding a Subwoofer? Are you planning on doing both? These are things to think about when making your purchase. Also always pay attention to the RMS on your Amplifier or Sub, that is the number you need.
There are several options available when dealing with Amplifiers!
A Mono Amplifier is probably the type we sell the most of, due to the effect most people are trying to accomplish. These are most common if you are powering just a Subwoofer. Do you already have a Subwoofer and you just need to match it up? If this is the case we would need to know the RMS Watts and impedance on the Subs to properly complete your system.
2- Channel Amplifiers are great for Powering a pair of speakers, these have a great use in Vehicle with rear speakers or seats. For example a Regular Cab truck.
3-Channel Amplifiers are like having two Amplifiers in one. Generally you are able to run a Subwoofer as well as a set of speakers off these amps.
If you are looking for something versatile and capable of powering an entire speaker system in a vehicle look to a 4-Channel Amplifier. They are great for a basic system with front and rear speakers, where there is no sub-woofer. On the other hand they can also be used in a vehicle where no rear speakers are needed, but a sub-woofer is required. Most can be a 3-Channel

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.462528
Retrieved Text: Grow with your business !
Are you a debutante speaker ? Amateur ? Or occasional ?
Have you just discovered the speakers universe and this experience pleased you ?
Would you like to move up to a higher level ?
Unfortunately you do not really know how to go about it, where to start.
And then even if this experience pleased you, you are wondering if it pleased your audience as much ?
Did you know that today some people have made a professional full-time speaker as their sole activity ?
Discover the profession of a professional speaker ?
Structure your offer as a speaker ?
Find yourself in the company of the tenors in this profession ?
Meet other speakers and set up partnerships ?
Train yourself to speak in public ?
Keep abreast of the latest innovations in public speaking ?
Discover what is needed to kickstart your business ?
Meet up in the company of friendly open-minded people to progress in your speaking ?
Get some professional feedback on your activity ?
– Get the advantage of having a mentor to develop your speaking to a higher level ?
If so, why not come and participate in Elevate 2019 !
During this two-day event, you will meet and exchange with professional conference speakers and also the other partners in this profession.
You will be able to attend some dynamic conferences on various subjects and find inspiration in their professional work.
You will also have the opportunity to exchange with all of the speakers and join the French professional speakers Association, the AFCP, an association to which all the best French-speaking speakers belong.
Are you

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.35748
Retrieved Text: DLS Ultimate UP4 2-way Component System 4 inches | Toppking Electronics Ltd.
Ultimate series UP4 is a new 10 cm (4″) 2-way component with Kevlar cone. Fit most cars designed for 4″ speakers.
– Can be installed in new BMW cars where the door speakers are attached with four screws.
– A 200 Hz High pass filter can be switched IN when used in BMW cars with subwoofer.
– Powerful neodymium magnet system.
– Filter boxes with selectable tweeter level in two steps.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.355051
Retrieved Text: MONOGRAPH is a reading circle for art lovers. Founded by curator Sophia Cai and artist Charlotte Watson in 2016, MONOGRAPH is free to attend and held every two months at Kathleen Syme Library in Melbourne’s inner north.
Unlike a formal book club where participants read the same book, MONOGRAPH is a reading group where each member discuss recent titles they have read, that have inspired them and their creative practice. There is no set genre, and we discuss everything from fiction, poetry, comics, art periodicals, to Ai Weiwei’s twitter feed.
To join the MONOGRAPH mailing list and to stay informed of upcoming sessions, please get in touch. All art lovers are welcome to attend, but RSVPs are essential as spots are limited.
Full day program at Verge Gallery, Sydney including a standard reading circle session, a book swap, and a panel with guest speakers Glenn Barkley, Astrid Lorange, Noel McKenna and Emily Parsons-Lord.
Two part-program at MPavilion 2018 including a standard reading circle session and a panel with guest speakers Rachel Ang, John Brooks, Martina Copley and Eugenia Flynn.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.340783
Retrieved Text: The Regina Roundup is an annual event, where we share our stories, our experiences and gather in fellowship.
The Roundup chair should be someone having a good level of sobriety, two years is suggested.
Committee members should also be comfortable with their attained level of sobriety.
The Roundup Chair reports on the event directly to the Regina Intergroup Committee.
Recommend the date, time, location, and pricing of the annual Anniversary and/or Round up.
Present a budget for the conference at the earliest date.
Select a format for the Conference.
Present a list of speakers’ names.
Are Responsible for all ticket sales.
Arrange for all INTERNAL publicity for the Conference.
Plan transportation and lodging of speakers.
Organize meeting schedules and see that the speakers are there.
Arrange for any volunteer staffing required, eg. Hospitality rooms, etc.
Coordinate any printing necessary (programs, advertising, etc.).

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.33676
Retrieved Text: A new wave of sound has arrived - The ATON Storm Series speakers. Voiced in our sound labs by musicians with years of critical listening experience, all speakers were crafted for pure listening enjoyment. Each Storm Series model was tested against comparable models built by the industry's leading competitors. ATON's speakers possessed a consistent step up in sound quality, setting a new benchmark for ceiling speaker performance.
All ceiling models feature 1" pivoting tweeters, excellent off-axis frequency response, high power handling, custom driver materials, and network components that provide the best price/performance ratio in the industry.
Storm Series speakers are designed to blend in with any home environment. Each model features flat, unobtrusive profiles, paintable mesh grills and sleek perimeter trims. All Storm Series models are weather/moisture resistant and can be installed outdoors or in bathrooms and saunas. All models also carry a limited lifetime warranty, ensuring years of listening enjoyment. Pre-construction brackets are available for easy, reliable installation.
Delivers the same exceptional sound of a pair of stereo ceiling models in a single location speaker. Ideal for bathrooms, walk-in closets, hallways and other locations where space is limited and two separate speakers are not practical. Dual 3/4" aluminum tweeters are positioned at opposing angles to provide exceptional off-axis high frequency dispersion and detail.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.321127
Retrieved Text: Wireless and robust for the holidays!
Whether on a trip to a ski slope or the beach, a battery-powered, sturdy speaker is perfect for the journey.
Travel speakers are becoming increasingly popular. Many have realized how sad it is that everyone sits with their mobile phones and listens to music on their own, when you can just as well as enjoy the music as a group. But there’s also no room to lug around some huge beast during your holiday. Instead, one looks for small battery-powered speakers that can easily be placed in a carry-on luggage for a trip abroad, in a tote bag for a trip to the countryside, or in a backpack for a ski trip. The speakers must also be able to handle being dropped in the snow, or getting splashed with water from a pool.
Last year, we tested luxury speakers at a higher price point. For that you get slightly bigger speakers with decent volume and a pounding bass rendition. However, they often take up more space in your luggage. This year we went the other way. We have looked for smaller, more convenient speakers that can easily fit inside a coat pocket. We have also tried to find speakers that can handle coming along on a trip and being used every day. And we’ve set the price limit down to half the amount, so everyone is able to afford music for a holiday.
Two trends are evident among this year’s candidates. The first is that you can connect several speakers together. Either two speakers

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.295288
Retrieved Text: In nearly every venue there’s a sweet spot: somewhere that maximizes the intended experience. In a live concert, it may be the center, row three. Or perhaps the left side of the orchestra if you like the fuller, richer sound of the cellos and bass.
In a movie theater it could be dead center middle, or up a little closer.
Most of these choices are personal depending on our tastes.
But in a two channel high-end system, the sweet spot’s right dead center where you set it up for best imaging and rarely varies from person to person. This is because in a two channel setup, the three dimensional illusion (phantom center channel) we’re trying to generate is so heavily dependent on both ears getting an equal dose of audio from both speakers.
Because the size of the sweet spot in a two-channel system is completely dependent on the left and right ears maintaining equal volume from both speakers, how do we control the size of the area? By sacrificing something else like depth or image beyond the loudspeaker boundaries.
Remember, the whole premise of two-channel audio is hopelessly flawed because we’re trying to generate the sound of a single point source from two speakers. It’s a magic trick and move too far out of the boundaries and you see the magician’s secrets. But two-channel is all we have right now.
So, let’s imagine the extremes we have to work with. One extreme would be to place the two speakers as close together as possible. This would reduce the image between the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.256033
Retrieved Text: International speakers and more than 400 participants will be part of the event.
Colonial city of Granada will host the Overbooking Tourism Summit 2017 international event, where knowledge, new ideas, trends and techniques to foster tourism business development will be share to participants from Nicaragua and the region, by a selected group of international experts. The event will be held on November 9 and 10.
According to the local event coordinator, Denis Cruz, speakers where selected among a list of 40 specialist. The two day schedule include 4 workshops and a debate which look to enrich the public knowledge and point of views.
This is a high-quality, itinerant forum, started in 2009 in Cordoba, Argentina. Other locations for the past summit were famous tourism destination in Latin America as Puerto Vallarta, Los Cabos, Mar del Plata, Santo Domingo, Medellin and Ciudad del Este, as pointed by Cruz.
In addition to offer the expert speakers point of view, the event aim to develop eficient networks to improve touristic operations in the event seat and surrounding.
Details for this summit edition are available on the overbooking.travel web site. Among the national speakers is Roger Solorzano Gaitan, marketing director of ViaNica.com web portal, who will be part of the closing event debate together with Ian Coronel, Centro Empresarial Pellas director; Lucy Valenti, CANATUR president (National Tourism Chamber); and Salvadora Morales, ornithologist and Quetzalli organization director.
International speakers are Tomeo Pons, Diego Coquillat and Victor Pizarro. They will expose about on line management and sales optimization for hotels, restaurants and destinations, based on methods practiced in

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.25264
Retrieved Text: Deciding between in-wall and in-ceiling speakers can be quite a daunting task. Both have their own advantages as well as limitations. Though common sense would dictate that both should be used as needed, the reality is that there might arise certain situations where using one particular type might make more sense both cost-wise and from a feasibility point of view over its counterpart.
Today’s post will shed some light on these situations and what in-wall and in-ceiling speakers are good for. People who are looking to build a home theatre system would find this information particularly useful.
Let’s take ceiling speakers first. They are dependent on distance from the TV. If you’re TV set is on the ground, the distance from the TV to the ceiling speaker is a key factor. The greater the distance the more it impacts performance. This is why ceiling speakers tend to work best with TV’s that are mounted high on the wall. This reduces the distance between the two. Projector screens work perfectly with ceiling speakers.
In-wall speakers on the other hand are best suited for the front wall around the TV display. There is no denying they add to the aesthetic beauty of a room however from a performance point of view, they truly shine when placed on the front wall. This is the best choice for audio/video lockup. The user is properly positioned to face the dispersion patterns of the speakers.
No matter which speaker you chose, insulation must be kept in mind at all times. Ceiling speakers and in-wall speakers need

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.249733
Retrieved Text: Stock Kitchen Cabinets. What are stock kitchen cabinetry? Stock kitchen cabinets are cabinetry that are pre-built to a specific size and then re-sold by a cabinetry dealer. Stock cabinets are typically produced in two inch increments. In some simple kitchen layouts such as a great L shaped kitchen you may lay cabinets out with little problem. But what do you perform when you are fitting cabinets among two walls? Well in this situatio the cabinet dealer can supply you with filler pieces to consider any large gaps that could eventually occur by using cabinets that are built within two inch increments. These storage filler pieces can be slice to fit the remaining gap comparatively well. The main disadvantage with stock kitchen cabinets is the aforementioned incremental sizing nevertheless also the quality. Although as with anything the lower to core range priced stock cabinets are typically made from thinner supplies and have economy hardware just like cabinet door hinges and drawer slides. There are a few advantages with using stock cabinetry the first one that comes to mind is cost. Since stock cabinets happen to be mass produced they can be quite affordable. An additional is speed, in most cases sellers have access to larger warehouses where the cabinets are stored, and you may have your stock cupboard order within a few short weeks or in some cases times.
Veterinariancolleges - Jabba bluetooth speaker custom products headphones. Jabba bluetooth speaker power your music with this jabba bluetooth speaker! quality sound in a small form factor that plays your

================



======= Instance Index 10 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: When did you first find the door broken and things missing?

W: After I got up, around 5:20. Then I called the police station.

Question: What are they talking about? 

- A traffic accident.

- A fire.

- A crime.

Target Text: A crime.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 14.907864
Retrieved Text: Say what they want, but most companies, businesses and brands still don’t know what they’re doing on social media.
“Click here to get your seat at our next event! Just $27! What a steal!!! http://Bit.ly/event27$ Be sure to opt in! Don’t miss this!!!! #event #training #dontmissthis” – it’s sickening, right?
The post is schizophrenic – multiple calls to action won’t get you anywhere.
1) Only outstanding content can cut through the noise.
There is literally TMI right now. Everyone is a blogger, everyone is a source, everyone posts content. In fact, every second, on average, around 9,500 tweets are tweeted on Twitter, 2,300 Instagram posts, 2,000 Tumblr posts, 104,000 YouTube views and 2.4 million emails sent (source: http://www.internetlivestats.com/one-second/).
That means it’s soooooo easy to get lost in the noise.
So, no matter where you meet your consumer, you better show up with a knockout story.
2) Successful social media posts talk about what people are talking about.
A crucial mistake most social media users make is talking about what they’re interested in.
Newsflash – no one cares.
The only people who care about what you’re talking about are those who care about what you’re talking about!
So, talk about what the people are talking about. When they start talking about something different, talk about that instead.
3) You cannot win big in social media if you’re afraid of emerging technology.
Do you hate Periscope and Meerkat? Do you even know what they are? What about Vine & Snapchat?
If you know what they are but are not using them, let me guess – you hate them.
And if you hate them

########
Rank: 1
Score: 14.589348
Retrieved Text: 1947 Kinsey Gin Ad - Which Martini?
1948 Burrough's Gin Ad - Epsom What are they talking about?
1948 Burrough's Gin Ad - Goodwood What are they talking about?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 14.579289
Retrieved Text: i just asked myself by understanding like a genie if genie will try to find out how human talks with mixing of words and meanings and different sentences and with short form then i could not find the code at all because it doesnt make any sense and its impossible to find how human talks with mixing of words or even from movie talking because genies doesnt understand at all and cannot understand how humans talks in meaning because genies continues living in sequence talking and humans talks in non sequence talking and if genies knew about non sequence talking they would have changed there sequence talking to non sequence talking and if genies have to understand how human talks then they have to understand human thinking and genies cannot think so when genies cannot think they cannot find out what human thinking talking means because when human thinks and says something then it means they are investigating something and imagining anything where they say anything and know that nobody is knowing how they are talking and genies believes human thinking to be true and real where human believes there thinking is not true and not real and they say anything just like human talks with other humans in reality with any words talking with meanings like talking in short poetries with change of sentences. Genies can understand human talking when they understand meaning of human talking and meaning of human talking from thinking means assuming where they dont know nobody is knowing there thinking which

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.452042
Retrieved Text: Review #185725 is a subjective opinion of PissedConsumer185725.
Look, you might as well buy it off the internet then. What's the big deal? You get it cheaper and it's delivered to your house.
They both don't know what they are talking about both told me they don't do online price matching. I still want toe price matching.
Simon you don't know what you are talking about either.
You must be either the cashier who lied and told me that they don't do online price matching or the manager. I had a flyer for proof but because of my religious background they did not believe me.
It sounds like the first employee you talked to didn't know what they were talking about. None of the major retailers match their ".com" prices.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.416214
Retrieved Text: We talked to entrepreneur (and client) Derek Notman of Intrepid Wealth Partners about why it's so important to have talking points for your business.
Similar to an elevator pitch, talking points are a set of 3-5 bulletpoint statements that explain what you do, who you do it for, and what the main benefits of what you do are for your customers.
As a certified financial planner I specialize in working with entrepreneurs, from startup through exit, on their financial planning to help them realize their hopes, dreams & goals.
What did it used to feel like, when you had to introduce yourself and your company, before you had talking points?
​I have struggled with this over 11 years. I used to try and avoid talking about what I did for a living. Not having organized talking points resulted in me telling each person I met [what I do in] a slightly different explanation and it always felt like they didn’t quite understand what I was talking about!
How has having talking points changed your experience of introducing yourself and your company?
It has boosted my confidence. I am much more comfortable explaining what I do and who I do it for. It comes across as clear and concise, people understand what I do and who I do it for and will even ask additional questions to learn more.
How do you use your talking points? How have you been using them on your team?
I use them in person and in my digital communications. Regardless of how they are being told, they are telling

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.380012
Retrieved Text: We were practicing stories defining what we had done for others, when a marketeer pointed out that we were talking about previous engagements, not the people we supposedly would be talking to.
The marketeer wanted to fashion a way to talk about the goodness of what was going to happen to the next guy.
That’s not going to work for a couple of reasons.
First, when you are talking about the future, you can’t talk about truth, you have to talk about vision. If you want to be believed, start by telling the truth.
Second, no matter what I say, the listener is going to apply what they hear to satisfying their own need. Get a listener to tell you what they heard you say, and you will learn what they really want.
That means you don’t need to start with a specific solution for everyone. That specific solution develops out of what they value from what you have already done successfully.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.36097
Retrieved Text: In this session we will learn: it can be difficult to tell someone your problems; who you can go to for support; how talking can help.
We recommend you use this session in conjunction with ‘My support network’ session.
This session can be a starter for ‘Finding a way forward’ or ‘Barriers to seeking help’.
Remind the class that if anything they see makes them feel uncomfortable they have a right to a break – and that there are people available to talk if they need to. If they are concerned about a friend, they should offer their support and encourage them to seek help.
Show the ‘Finding it hard to talk’ film as an introduction to the session.
Show the slide of an example scenario followed by questions.
Students work in pairs. Hand out one scenario card each. Ask students to think about the person in the scenario.
What would be the hardest thing about talking about this problem?
What would help them to talk about it?
How would talking about it make them feel?
Discuss how different people feel about their problems and who or what can support them. Refer to the support network session or handout.
Key message Talking can help to sort out how you feel and make problems feel more manageable. You can get support when dealing with your problem. Things almost always feel worse when you keep them to yourself. Remind the class of their support network and who they can go to if they need support or help. There is always someone they can talk to about a problem no

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.321322
Retrieved Text: Forrester recently published research proving, yet again, that people overwhelmingly trust what their friends say about a brand. And they rarely trust what brands say about themselves.
If we apply this to Facebook, it means that your community talking about you is much more powerful than you talking about yourself.
This is why People Talking About This (PTAT) is the ultimate metric on Facebook.
Now, if you ask any marketer to choose between People Talking About This and the number of fans they have, or to choose between People Talking About This and the number of people they reach, any honest Facebook marketer will admit that they fantasize about millions of people sharing their content. And while they might brag about reach to their boss, they certainly don’t fantasize about it.
Why do marketers brag about reach?
If brands ultimately care about people talking about them on Facebook, why is there such an emphasis on increasing reach and fans? Especially because increasing reach and fans doesn’t lead to an increase in virality.
Maybe overvaluing reach and fan quantity is a carryover from pre-social marketing practices: impressions, eyeballs, exposure, etc.
Or maybe it’s just hard to accept that getting people to share your content often feels impossible.
Don’t get me wrong, reach and page likes are important. But they are both means to an end. People Talking About This is the ultimate end on Facebook.
Just like the ultimate end on your website is conversions.
The Red Sox focus on runs as their ultimate end. The means to that end include having the right number of players

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.301361
Retrieved Text: What Is The Number 1 Reason Stopping Recruitment Agency Growth?
What is the number 1 factor that stops recruitment agency growth?
Is it the quality of staff, strong competitors, attracting jobs?
The answer starts within – you can’t go around competing before getting your lines straight – you can’t become great without understanding your industry to the core.
In any case, your biggest problem is not the other big recruitment firm. The real issue is getting the attention of your clients.
Your potential clients are going to your competition because they know how to get their attention.
Your competitors are communicating in a language that works. They do not make it about themselves. Talk about oneself will be boring. They talk about the value they can provide.
But the science of attention is not linear. The perspective needs to be tweaked.
Imagine being in a crappy relationship where you are telling the other person how to fix a problem. But, they keep doing the same thing.
How about talking from their perspective? How about not talking from an angle that suits you? How about showing that you understand?
Did you listen to that teacher that screamed at you in school? Or did you prefer the one that showed you that he/she understood your situation?
I am hoping that you preferred the smarter one that read the situation better.
Demonstrate commitment to solving the problems of your clients – in this case, providing the right employees.
Why aren’t they flocking to your door?
Why aren’t you massively increasing your managed stock every year?
In the student teacher analogy presented earlier, the teacher

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.241461
Retrieved Text: Former Secretary of State and Democratic Presidential nominee Hillary Clinton in an interview with CNN on Tuesday insinuated that Democrats could only be civil if they are back in control of the House and/or the Senate.
You can not be civil with a political party that wants to destroy what you stand for, what you care about.
That’s why I believe if we are fortunate enough to win back the House and/or the Senate. That’s when civility can start again, but until then the only thing the Republicans seem to recognize and respect is strength.
And you heard how the Republican members led by Mitch McConnell, the President, really demeaned the confirmation process.
First, Republicans and conservatives can say the same about the Democratic Party’s intentions. I could cite numerous examples. It’s one of the primary reasons President Donald Trump won in 2016, not because he was a great candidate. No, a vote for Trump was a vote against Clinton and the Democratic Party for more people than not.
Second, what does she mean by civility? When people talk about incivility in the current context, we are not talking about just being the opposing party. We are talking about protestors harassing and doxing members of Congress, we are talking about the worst character attacks spread on the flimsiest of evidence, we are talking about death threats, and we are talking about potential political violence.
Does she not remember that someone recently tried to take out Republican members of Congress last year while they practiced for the Congressional baseball game?
Third, incivility is not

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.201755
Retrieved Text: Discuss the following with your partners!
1. Have you ever seen somebody suffering drug addicts?
2. What will you do if your friend suffers drug addicts?
Listen and choose the correct statements based on the recording!
a. They are talking about drug addicts.
b. They are talking about food.
c. They are talking about heart attack.
d. There are three people talking.
e. There are two people talking.
Listen again and answer based on the conversation!
1. Is there any possibility the drug addicts to stop using drugs?
2. Is it possible that the drug addicts can’t stop without treatment?
3. Who can help the drug addicts to stop using drugs?
In group, discuss how to solve the problems in the following situation!
1. Possibility of giving up smoking.
2. Possibility of avoiding from suffered HIV.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.197886
Retrieved Text: Today's Idiom = "Clearing The Air"
"Clearing the air" is talking about the thing that you've been thinking about.
Example: "You've been living here for two months and you still don't have a job. We need to clear the air."
When there is something that people have been thinking but not saying, they need to talk about it to "clear the air".
Example: "There have been a lot of rumors around the office, so I would like to clear the air."
People are not happy when they feel they cannot say what they are thinking, so talking about those things "clears the air" and makes people feel better.
Example: "Bob, you seem pretty upset. Let's clear the air."
You feel better after you have "cleared the air" and said what you were thinking.
Example: "You'll feel a lot better after you have cleared the air."
"Clearing the air" is talking about what people are thinking which helps to improve communication between people.
Example: "I'd like to clear the air."

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.187155
Retrieved Text: Most people would define talking behind somebody’s back as gossiping. Both men and women love to hear gossip about other people or their friends probably, but women are more vulnerable and tend to be more obsessive about gossip about other women.
Gossip exists in every culture around the world. It was common even in history. People of all ages, gossip, men and women alike.
1. The fact that you want to look as though you are more knowledgeable than your friends about an issue and especially one that relates to the person you are talking about.
2. One wants others (her listeners) to join her. For example, one would talk behind a friend’s back and tell her listeners that she was treated wrong by the person, and they should hence not be her friends.
3. The woman wants to put others beneath herself. They feel superior and want others to view her like that.
Different women talk behind somebody’s back for various reasons. The important factor is the intention of the gossip. This simply means what the woman wants to achieve by talking behind somebody’s back.
1. Women will tend to talk about their friends because women friendships are characterized by silence. Women, unlike men, don’t talk to each other. They hence end up talking about each with other friends.
2. Most women have not developed a solid sense of integrity. They don’t have so much to talk about regarding feelings, ideas, and dreams and as a result, they talk more about what is not important and sometimes, what they don’t even know.
3.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.174741
Retrieved Text: Could it be that you are not getting the referrals you might because you’re fuzzy when you describe what you do?
If a potential referral partner cannot get their mind around what you do and how to refer you – referrals simply won’t happen. In a word CLARITY: you must communicate in such a way that a potential referral partner has absolute CLARITY on what is you do and for whom.
I see four barriers to clarity.
Jargon – One danger of being a highly specialized profession is the overuse of jargon that the average man and woman on the street cannot understand. Have any loved ones in the military? Have any friends in high tech? I’ve got both and I am constantly interrupting to find out what the acronyms mean. We have to lose the jargon when we’re talking with potential referral partners. While I’m willing to interrupt and have you explain, most people won’t do that. They will nod and mentally check out and think about what’s for dinner.
Rambling – The passionate folks are often guilty of this one. They take a deep breath and then flit from detail to detail failing to paint an overall picture while the potential referral partner tries to connect all the dots, only to give up, nod and think about what to watch on Netflix tonight.
Saying too little – When asked at a conference, “What is that you do?” you default to a one word response, “Marketing” or “Engineering” or “Information Technology.” OK, that last one was two words, but you

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.172641
Retrieved Text: I look outside my terrace door and see the commanding calm of colors. A dancing blue. A contemplating yellow. A peeking red. In less than five minutes they’re gone. A blackish blue suddenly appeared. I don’t know how it came about or where it came from given all the other colors mentioned.
And then I feel the wind. A cool wind. The kind of cool that works in my whole body. I can feel it strengthening every joint, calming every nerve, relaxing every fiber of my body. I see a twinkle. Or maybe two. As I move my gaze to the right, I see that there are more. They are shining like they never did before. Weird, I thought. I said the same thing before. But they are really different tonight. Is it just me or my mind playing tricks on me?
I hear the trees. And the leaves. They seem to be talking to each other. I wonder what they’re talking about. Are they talking about climate change? Do they feel it too? Do they talk about love? I wonder if they ever feel heartache? Or loneliness? Or sadness? What would make them sad? We don’t have squirrels in these parts.
I hear my mom talking on the phone. There’s a cat that called something or someone, I’m not sure. I heard a young boy laughing. And then another one laughed louder. They were talking about computers or something.
You ever stop to wonder why others struggle to be everything they were told they should be? Should is a

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.026508
Retrieved Text: When using a gendered pronoun (e.g. he or she), the speaker is assuming the gender of the person they are talking about. Often people use gendered pronouns even when they do not know the gender of the person they are talking about or when talking about a group of people that could be of either gender.
This practice perpetuates gender stereotyping by repeating commonly held expectations about the gender of people in certain roles.
Instead you should use gender-neutral language. A common way to do this is to use the plural ‘they’. This is becoming more and more common in standard English.
The number of years an electrician will spend training depends on what country he is from.
The number of years an electrician will spend training depends on what country they are from.
Every nurse should take care of her own uniform and cover the expense herself.
Every nurse should take care of his or her own uniform and cover the expense themselves.
Your boss needs to know he can rely on you.
Tip: Do not rely on “he/him/man” when talking about an individual in the abstract – this excludes women from the conversation.
Gendered pronouns come in a few forms (he or she, hers or his, himself or herself, her and him).

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.024685
Retrieved Text: * Provide a safe neutral meeting place.
* Learn as much as you can about the ideology of a racist, or perceived racist in your area.
* Invite that person to meet with your group.
VERY IMPORTANT – LISTEN to that person. What is his/her primary concern? Place yourself in their shoes. What would you do to address their concern if it were you?
While you are actively learning about someone else, realize that you are passively teaching them about yourself. Be honest and respectful to them, regardless of how offensive you may find them. You can let them know your disagreement but not in an offensive manner.
* Don’t be afraid to invite someone with a different opinion to your table. If everyone in your group agrees with one another and you shun those who don’t agree, how will anything ever change? You are doing nothing more than preaching to the choir.
When two enemies are talking, they are not fighting, they are talking. They may be yelling and screaming and pounding their fist on the table in disagreement to drive home their point, but at least they are talking. It is when the talking ceases, that the ground becomes fertile for violence. So, KEEP THE CONVERSATION GOING.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.009255
Retrieved Text: Since the November elections I’ve learned about a great leader in this country: Danica Roem. She’s the transgender woman who won a state Delegate race in Virginia against a vehemently anti-trans incumbent and she’s become a hero of mine. Not because she ran as a trans woman against a horrible bigot, or that her inspirational story will inspire others to be who they are, though those are great accomplishments that are going to change lives. No, what makes her a hero to me is that she ran a campaign on neighborhood issues that mattered to local voters despite the temptation to run an identity-based, highly charged campaign.
Even when her opponent attacked her gender identity, she remained focused on the things that mattered to her community: traffic congestion, water pipes, infrastructure. Things that matter to everyone matter regardless of race, gender, religion or sexual preference. These are neighborhood issues and Danica ran on neighborhood power. Her campaign organized over 70,000 doors knocked with hundreds of volunteers. They got out and talked about issues that everyone cared about.
That’s what we’re doing. We are talking about our roads, we’re talking about the affordability of housing, we’re talking about a living wage, we’re talking about healthcare and reproductive rights and education and we’re doing it door to door on the porches around Denver. We love this city and we want it to be a place that everyone can afford to live in. That’s what people care about and that’s what this campaign is about. Neighborhood power.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.962606
Retrieved Text: 1. Holidays are super motivating for kids, they are fun!
2. Holidays are very high frequency topics in the weeks proceeding each major holiday.
3. Holiday conversations often are repetitive and predictive...talking about Halloween, well then expect to be asked what you will dress up as, talking about Christmas, expect to be asked what you have asked Santa for, etc.
So I take full advantage of the holidays when they roll around. Having a private practice helps because then I don't have to worry about crossing some blurry school vs. church topic line. I ask parents beforehand and go with what they generally talk about. I LOVE working directly with parents.
topic maintenance if we are talking about Halloween let's stay there for a few minutes and not jump around to Star Wars or Cars II.
conversational turns are we both sharing the talking time, is my client giving answers and asking questions, etc.
ability to answer wh-questions and ask wh-questions this is a big one, in therapy it is easy to work on answering wh-questions but harder to find spontaneous opportunities to ask them. The basically scripted holiday conversation routines everyone uses are great for that.
eye-contact is the student engaging in appropriate eye-contact, especially when requesting information?
and the best part...these are conversations that have a huge likelihood of being taken outside of the therapy session time so the students can practice and apply the skills we have been working on to help them interact with peers.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.929951
Retrieved Text: Learning to talk is a wonderful process for parents and children and because it often happens with little apparent effort we can forget just how complex talking is. It requires thoughts, words, grammar, the right timing and volume and very precise movements of all the muscles involved in producing the words, phrases and sentences.
Young children are novice talkers and like any of us, as we practice new skills, can quite easily struggle or ‘lose it’ if there is too much else going on. Too much going on around us (distractions, noise, lots to look at) or too much going on inside us (feeling tired, unwell or anxious, excited, wanting to get it right quickly).
The following are things that many parents have found helpful.
Reduced distractions e.g. reduced background noise & general activity, turn taking rather than competition to talk; no computer, TV or radio competing for child’s attention.
Talking about the here and now e.g. shared activity or shared focus of attention. This could be talking about the clothes the child is putting on / taking off, what they’re eating, what they’re making with play-dough / lego or drawing or any activities that are part of daily life.
Talking about a picture or something that both child and conversational partner are looking at.
Forced choices e.g. do you want to go out on the bikes or stay in and look at a book?
Any rote or familiar talking e.g. counting, colours, completing lines of story or rhymes e.g. run, run as fast as you can you can’t etc.
Giving a child time

########
Rank: 20
Score: 13.926292
Retrieved Text: Home » Engagement – What are we talking about?
Engagement – What are we talking about?
The thing is, what exactly are we talking about? What is engagement.
However, looking up engage is a far more satisfying experience.
From this we can get an idea of what people are talking about when they say they are using gamification to engage people, or increase engagement. They are generally looking to get people to participate in activities. That tends to be the key goal for most gamification, participation.
So here is the thing. When people play a game, they play because they want to play. They participate because it is their desire to participate and be involved. When people use a gamified system, it is very often not their desire that drives entry, but the desire of whoever set the system up. This is a really important distinction.
Is participation enough though? When I was doing my workshop at Gamification World Congress (GWC). this came up. We were looking at the difference in my 4 phase EEEE user journey. Enrol was fairly simple. This could just be as simple as an invite. All you are looking for there is participation! Enthuse is a little different. This is the part where you want people to get excited and to play with the system (if that is possible). It could be part of the enrol phase, but it is where you tend to see the most activity and participation. However, is this really being engaged? Does participation mean they are engaging with the system. They are

########
Rank: 21
Score: 13.925723
Retrieved Text: Ephesians 21-33 - How does God's grace make Submission a love word?
We continue in On My Worst Day and we are talking about our default to want to check out and run away when things get hard. What is the benefit of living life another way. Enjoy.
The difference between transparency and vulnerability is huge. We are talking the impact of vulnerability on relationship.
Today we continue in John 17, talking about what it means to be one with God and how that impacts us.
This week on the podcast we are talking about Grace Fears. If I believe grace then won't I stop praying? If everything is all grace anyway then why would I need to pray anymore?
This week we introduce you to our current project. The Cure for Parents; not so much The Cure for parenting.
Are we to "put on the new self" through a series of diligently kept practices?
What do we do with companies like Apple, Cisco, Google, etc... when we know their leaders were not interested in high integrity or humility. How can we say that humility is a key component of any Christians leadership?
God not only loves those that are His, He prepares Oneness with the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit for those who have yet to believe the truth.
This week we are talking about, "As a pastor, ministry leader, etc..., if I buy into grace won't I get fired."
What happens to our identity when we feel embarrassed? And what happens when good friends help us to shed the lies?
A community of grace laughs

########
Rank: 22
Score: 13.906097
Retrieved Text: This Unit in UOI we have been learning about energy. This also connects to our reading project! I would like to share this with you because I would like to tell you readers what I have learned this month! I am going to be talking about my reading project first then the UOI project! For the reading I am going to tell you about non renewable energy & renewable energy. For UOI I am going to be talking about what we did and learned and also where we went for a field trip! We went to two places and I am going to be talking about both places I went to!
What does non renewable energy mean?
Well if you do not know what is non renewable energy read on to find out! Well, non renewable means that some type of energy can not be renewed! Renewed comes out of the word renewable.
Types of non renewable energy. They are 7 types of non renewable energies but I am just going to be talking about 3! The three that I am going to be talking about are coal, oil, & natural gas.
Renewable Energy means the same thing but the other way around!
Here are some pictures of what me and my partners project about!
We build a solar car!
Thank you & I hope you enjoyed!
This entry was posted in Portfolio, Reading, UOI. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 13.886174
Retrieved Text: People are getting lost in the system and it’s not getting better. Joe Gerstandt has some thoughts on how HR can help. Read Joe's article, Unfortunately, HR doesn’t understand human beings either.
Someone needs to speak for humans in the organization, and they should know what they’re talking about.
Someone needs to speak for *humans* in the organization, and they should know what they're talking about.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 13.862876
Retrieved Text: Have you ever been guilty of talking when you should be listening? Not only do you miss information, but it is also rude to be talking while someone else is speaking. If you have ever worked with children, you know that it a constant occurrence. They must be taught to listen to instructions.
I recently attended an event with a speaker in the front of the room sharing what we had all come to hear, but the two ladies in front of me were talking to each other so loudly that I couldn’t hear the speaker. What made it even worse was that the event was mainly for kids and they were chaperoning a group of students. I assumed they were teachers and if so, they were setting a bad example on listening and being respectful.
This is not the only time that I have seen this happen I have been at baccalaureates and graduations where adults have acted rudely. I am sure that if they came to such an event, they had a student that they cared about graduating but they were there in body only. They knew very little of what else was going on. This kind of behavior even happens at the church from time to time.
Do we act this way when God is speaking? We go to him in prayer, or we go to church to hear a message, and we are so busy talking when we should be listening that we don’t hear him. We are telling him our request and all the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 13.859346
Retrieved Text: How would you like it if somebody talked behind your back each time you left the room? How would like it if the whole room went silent when you entered it? Deep in your heart, you will know that they were talking about you. If they are not talking about you, they are talking about someone else with you.
Office is the one place where people should abstain from gossip, but they do not. They gossip about who is married to who, who got divorced, who was rejected, who the boss yelled at, and on and on. It is like a never-ending cycle of gossip. It is as if high school never ended. The only thing changed was people’s age and appearance; the rest stayed the same such as their gossiping personalities.
When you spread rumours about others or leak private information someone shared with you to others, people will steer clear of you. They will be reluctant to share information with or even talk to you, unless you find likeminded people as yourself in the company. People who love to gossip or hang around people who gossip should determine the reason why they do that. Are they jealous? Are they insecure? Are they unhappy in their current position?
You are working through the night and go outside to get a breath of fresh air, only to hear two colleagues talking about something they should not be discussing. What do you do? Do you tell the others in the office of what you heard, spreading it? Should you take

########
Rank: 26
Score: 13.856885
Retrieved Text: Despite the notion that Telemarketing is being replaced by email and social media, we find that many businesses (including our own) still rely on the telephone for lead generation purposes.
B2B Telemarketing and lead generating after all, has a very different dynamic than that of B2C. However, it is still difficult to get right. Getting it right has a lot to do with the decision-maker.
Someone you’ve never heard of says ‘Hi, how are you doing today?’ Seriously??
They speak too quickly, rattling off a tonne of information leaving you feeling like you don’t know who they are, what they do or why they rang you.
They assume you’re dying to spend money with them. They assume you’re a complete idiot and they’re here to save the day.They get a bit shirty when you close the call insisting you are not interested.
We’ve all been there, and sometimes we are still there. However, there is a better way, one that can help to make lead generation more successful.
By far the most effective use of your Telemarketing time is having good quality data. Data you can rely on to be clean and up-to-date. Data that you can closely target your audience with. This means that you know that you are going to be talking to the right person in the right industry about what you do.
Don’t witter. What you are doing is passing on information that might be of benefit to the person you are talking to. So be informative but succinct. Believe in what you are talking about, know it inside

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.817191
Retrieved Text: Before you try Talking Tips with a partner, check out these two videos on PAIRS YouTube Channel.
Good talking is DIRECT. To send a message that other people can be sure to “catch,” you need to say what you mean. Don’t “talk around” the subject. Don’t just drop hints, or make other people guess. Get to the point!
Good talking is CLEAR. Make certain that people can understand what you’re saying, and don’t just have a “snowy picture” of it. You need to describe things well. You need to make sure that you aren’t confusing your listener!
Good talking is SPECIFIC. Sending a message effectively means giving your listener all the necessary information. Don’t be vague or general when you talk. Include details that can help the other person know exactly what you’re talking about.
Good talking is HONEST. For your message to do the most good, it needs to be honest. Don’t say something you really don’t think or feel, or that doesn’t match the facts.
Good talking is TACTFUL. Being tactful means being kind. You have to think about others feelings before you speak. You do want to be direct, clear, specific, and honest with them. But you don’t want to say things accidentally or on purpose that will hurt them unnecessarily. Words can hurt.
Good listening is ACTIVE. Good listening is more than just waiting until you can talk, or until the other person stops talking or truly says something that interests you. Good listening is doing your best to hear, understand, and help the person who is talking

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.812676
Retrieved Text: 1.5 Where can I find RCA VideoDiscs and players?
purchased within a few days of being put out on the sales floor.
evident they don't have a clue as to what you're talking about.
more at eBay if they list each title individually.
prev: 1.4 What is the proper terminology to use when talking about RCAVideoDiscs?
next: 1.6 Are there any mail-order CED liquidators still in operation?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.806337
Retrieved Text: As my brain drifted from one thing to another, it occurred to me that as summer is approaching, it is time to get our children going on some favorite activities. No, not what most kids nowadays consider fun–sleeping in, playing video games, staying indoors watching movies, streaming music, and surfing the web. I’m talking about REAL summer fun.
Don’t know what I’m talking about? Here, let me remind you.
These are the type of summer activities I was talking about. Simple, fun, and everlasting. So this summer, put the tablet, phone, pager, laptop away and take a few moments to relive the real meaning of summer. Drag your family along with you. They may grumble a bit but in the end, they will thank you. Enjoy!!

================



======= Instance Index 11 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

F: The lecture will start at three this afternoon, is that right?

M: Well, the plan has changed. The lecture will begin at eight tomorrow morning.

Question: What do you know about the lecture? 

- It will start at three this afternoon.

- It will start at three tomorrow afternoon.

- It will start at eight tomorrow morning.

Target Text: It will start at eight tomorrow morning.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.851395
Retrieved Text: Pose a question about the topic that can only be answered if students listen closely to the lecture.
-What do you personally know about X?
-What part of the homework readings gave you the most insight about the lecture topic?
Interrupt the lecture & ask student pairs to solve a problem, given info gleaned from the lecture.
Pause the lecture. Ask learners to sketch a book cover with a title & blurb about the topic.
Write a question that puzzles you about the lecture.
The teacher interviews a student panel of experts. They discuss their opinions of the lecture topic.
What are the important features of X?
What is meant by X?
What would happen if X?
What evidence supports the view that X?
After kids hold small group discussions about the lecture, ask them to write authentic questions about the topic on Padlet. Answer key questions as an entire class.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.870728
Retrieved Text: Kindle Publishing is easy and also not. If you know the how to do, it is more as easy. Learn with this course the techniques and all you need to know. The competition on kindle is big, to defeat them you must know all rules. Knowing is power and power is becoming successful and earning money.
But still you need a plan, a tribe and inspiration. Also it is important to know each step to take. Just going to write a book what nobody wants to read or can’t be found is the wrong way.
In this course you learn everything you need to know and more. You will discover all from step one to the end. Of course after that you still need to promote your book, but you will be sure of having a great book. A book people need to read. They must have it, because it is exactly one they are looking for. Even better, they didn’t even know before that it is important for their life.
You get also two video’s from experts, that tell you how they dit it.
Lecture 1What Should Your Book Be About?
Lecture 17What Makes Kindle Singles Publishing Different?
Lecture 40What Is an ISBN and Why Do You Need One?
Lecture 43How Does Smashwords Work?
Lecture 58Are you the next big self-publishing success story?
Lecture 59What if you don’t have a story idea?
Lecture 65Your Book is Ready to Launch!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.183184
Retrieved Text: The instructional videos are great because they work to tie each lesson together while, the supplemental materials and worksheets actually make you do the work. I don't feel overwhelmed because the instructional material is only a few minutes each lecture and then the materials allow me to work at my own pace. I also love how carefully the supplementary materials were chosen. You can definitely tell that this course was carefully thought out and executed.
This lecture will get you acquainted with the instructor, and tell you the inspirational story of how the course came to be.
If you're not too interested in the history of the methods, it's not a big deal if you skip this lecture.
A huge part of this course revolves around the games, reading assignments, and resources found in the PDF syllabus. Make sure to download it now using the link provided in the video.
In this lecture, we learn about the training methodology used throughout the course, and some different strategies to combat frustration.
In this worksheet, we are going to test your baseline reading speed and comprehension so that we can determine how much improvement is being made throughout the course.
As we embark on this journey together, it’s important to make sure we are on the same page in terms of expectations and goals. This quiz makes sure you’ve been paying attention thus far!
Are we on the same page and ready to learn together?
One of the major things that makes this course different is that we emphasize memory improvement first and foremost. This lecture

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.099388
Retrieved Text: I work with Spirit Guides. We all do, whether we are aware of it or not. At present I am working with three Guides and they are totally responsible for the information I give at lectures, in broadcasts, during workshops, and when working with clients on their Past lives.
Often when a lecture or workshop etc. is booked I only know what the title is to be - nothing more. When you have a paying audience in front of you ready to hear a two-hour lecture, and you have prepared nothing more than the title, let me tell you, it feels rather daunting to say the least. However I have learned to trust my Guides, and the lecture is full of interest and factual information, often on subjects I know little or nothing about.
One of my Guides is a keen philosopher and another often wishes to speak on physics. As I studied neither of these subjects at school, nor subsequently, I often find what I am saying at my own lecture is of great interest to me too!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.065504
Retrieved Text: Can We Guess What Type Of Learner You Are?
Do you think we can guess what type of learner you are based on a few personality questions? Take this quiz and find out just how much we know!
Do you ever find yourself getting lost in a good book?
Do you enjoy taking on arts and crafts projects?
Do you ever keep a journal or blog?
How do you unwind when feeling stressed out?
How do you win an argument?
What is your worst listening habit?
What do you most like to do for fun?
Did you ever fall asleep during a lecture?
How do you approach solving a problem?
You are an auditory learner! Auditory learners would always rather listen to things being explained than reading about them. Despite this, they can often become easily distracted by background noise while trying to listen to a lecture or video.
You are a visual learner! Visual learners learn best by looking at a graphic, viewing a demonstration, or reading a book. They often have difficulty listening to a lecture or audio lesson.
You are a hands on learner! Hands on learners learn best through touch. It is best for them to learn through participating in an activity or demonstration, rather than watching or listening. They are very trial and error type of learners.
You are a visual and auditory learner! You learn best when you are able to both listen and see what is being taught. You love to listen to a lecture and then read more about the subject in order to really feel concrete on the subject.
You are a

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.998198
Retrieved Text: High density, capacity, BYOD, channel planning, etc. All terms you hear when lecture hall or auditorium style seating comes to mind in a campus environment. We are joined by Robert Boardman as our guest to discuss the challenges and solutions around lecture hall Wi-Fi.
Robert Boardman is our guest to discuss how we take on lecture hall Wi-Fi. I decided to use the term lecture hall but this could be a large classroom or auditorium style seating. In summary, you have a large number of students condensed into an area which creates high density and the need for capacity.
We know it’s high density because of the number of seats in a room. But how do we design for these challenging environments? Robert and I talk about designing these rooms using Ekahau Site Survey.
While designing for high density is one thing to consider. We cannot leave out capacity. Students are doing much more on wireless during a lecture. Some are checking email, watching YouTube videos, and some are actually taking notes. Yeah, shocker.
Professors are now engaging the students in something called interactive teaching. During a lecture, a professor will tell students to perform an action on their computers or mobile devices. This is where capacity plays a major factor. What types of applications are being used in the lecture hall over Wi-Fi and will our infrastructure hold up.
In this episode, we talk about channel planning and utilization. It plays an important role for creating efficient airtime for each device.
What is your experience with campus Wi-Fi in lecture halls?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.955826
Retrieved Text: Public lecture Culture and Speaking English: What Do Learners Need To Know?
Home / Pengumuman / Public lecture Culture and Speaking English: What Do Learners Need To Know?
Even the best students can find it challenging to express their full meaning in actual conversation in English. This can be because when we speak a new language we draw on the cultural understandings and ways of expressing ourselves from the language(s) we learned when we were very young. However, these can sometimes be very different form those of a foreign language learned formally at school. What, then, do our students need to know about the cultural aspects of a language if they are to avoid misunderstandings?
In this lecture, Professor Lynda Yates (Assoc. Dean International Faculty of Human Sciences Macquarie University) will draw her research and practical teaching experience to consider how we can help our students to more effectively in English. This public lecture will held on Tuesday, July 17th 2018 (09.00-11.00) at Building 1 Room 1103, FIB UI, Depok.
For more queries, please contact Laeli (021-7270009).

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.925516
Retrieved Text: Get ahead of the innovation curve by booking your own blockchain lecture with BTCX. Learn about the technology and how it can be applied. The lecture includes learning about Bitcoin, the blockchain and its origin. We discuss fields of application and what the future might look like.
BTCX is Sweden's first marketplace for bitcoin and other cryptographic assets. When people discover the concept they ask: "Interesting, but what is the use of the blockchain?"
We want Blocktech to be something you can relate to and understand. We are certain that this technology will change the world during the next few years.
Invite us to inspire you, your organisation and your employees. Learn more about this disruptive technology and its transformative social impact.
This is for the developers, the entrepreneurs, the economists, the lawyers and the managers, boards of directors and bank officials. Everyone will be affected!
What do you get out of the lecture?
Want a talk? Want to know more? Questions? Drop us a line!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.87441
Retrieved Text: Lucindaville: Where Have I Been?
"Mirror, Chrome, & Gin Fizz: Art Deco in Britain"
Presented by the Royal Oak Society and the Institute of Classical Architecture.
The good news is, I remembered to bring my book to get it signed.
The bad news is, I forgot a camera so I have no pictures of Emily, just the National Trust building where the lecture was held. Not only was it lovely to hear the lecture and to finally meet the lovely Triple E in the flesh, but there were other bloggers in attendance.
I also got to meet in the flesh Stefan from ArchitectDesign™, which is a definite "must read" and of course "must see." You will be happy to know that Stefan remembered to bring HIS camera.
... which is always filled with just the tidbits of info to keep one on the road to erudition.
What do bloggers talk about?
About how reading a blog is like knowing someone... but you don't really know them... but you do.
I think about people reading my blog and thinking I am cooler than I am in person! Having spent part of the day running errands and not getting back home in time to spiff up for the lecture, I went in my barn coat and tennis shoes -- business casual in West Virginia.
It was a joy to meet everyone. Lets do this again!
I was so happy to meet you! I was disappointed you weren't able to join us for dinner but hopefully next time you're in town you'll let us know!
We are looking forward to a

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.795202
Retrieved Text: Would you like to know more about the importance of geo-information?
We depend on geo-information, but do YOU know what it is?
The Geomatics lecture series is organized for students in order to make the importance of geo-information for our modern day society better known.
Geo-information is often invisible, but it controls the functioning of more technical devices than you would think.
Open Guest Lecture within the framework of the Geomatics course GEO1007 Geoweb Technology.
Please note: The application procedure for international students for 2019-2021 might change.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.745869
Retrieved Text: The curve shows that after one month, only 20 percent of information is retained after initial memorization. Without review, 47 percent of learned information is lost after only 20 minutes. After one day, 62 percent of learned information is lost without review.
In order to try to retain information long term, we must move it from our short-term memory to our long-term memory. One of the best ways to do that is through repetition. The more we review information, and the sooner we review once we initially learn it, the more reinforced that information is in our long-term memory.
The first step in being able to review is to take notes when you are originally learning the information. Students who do not take notes in class in the first place will not be able to recall all of the information covered in order to best review.
Taking notes during lectures is a skill, just like riding a bike. If you have never taken notes while someone else is speaking before, it’s important to know that you will not be an expert at it right away. It is challenging to listen to someone speak and then make a note about what they said, while at the same time continuing to listen to their next thought.
When learning to ride a bike, everyone is going to fall. With practice and concentration, we gain confidence and improve our skill. The more we practice, the better we get. In his book Outliers, Malcolm Gladwell refers to the “10,000-hour rule.” Based on research by Anders

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.739208
Retrieved Text: Then time to finalize your pitches for tomorrow.
We’re doing an Act 3/4 lecture today.
Do not read your slides. Look at your audience.
Do not read from your notes. Look at your audience.
Do not fill your slides with text that’s small and hard to read.
Use images to reinforce key ideas, but one large image is better than lots of small ones. If you can’t find a good image—don’t use one.
Your slides should reinforce your presentation—they should not replace your presentation.
Practice. Everyone should know what part of the presentation they are speaking to. Do not decide that during the presentation.
Don’t fidget, giggle, say “um” or “like” a lot. If you don’t look like you know what you’re talking about, it’s hard to inspire confidence in your audience.
I’m not here today but I’ve prepared a video version of the lecture for Act Two which I want you to watch. Come and get your Act one notes from the round table at the back of the room. You will be asked to resubmit these on Monday along with your notes for Act 2. For the most part you were all fine as long as you filled the margin and footer sections of the notes. If you only wrote in the note section, you missed the point. Also, don’t just focus on plot. You should be summarizing key ideas and themes as well.
You will be expected to hand in Cornell style notes based on today’s lecture for Monday.
Please wear earbuds or headphones as you watch and listen to the lecture below. When

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.70563
Retrieved Text: Before you delve into the world of the new NCast blog, you might want to get to know about us and what we do. NCast Corporation designs and creates lecture capture devices that allow you to stream or upload videos of your lecture. Students can view lessons they missed online or rewatch an archived lecture as a study tool. Simulation or performance capture allows you to record students doing classroom-related tasks (such as those for clinicals in medical school) and assess their performance.
Our products are easy to use, as they don’t require you to edit the footage. Simply record and upload using our system and your students will have the resources they need. You’ll find a variety of NCast lecture capture devices to fit your needs. We cater to universities, tech groups and medical institutes. Whether you’re already a partner or thinking of joining the NCast family, we hope our blog will become a great assistant.
A few of our blog posts will be devoted to sharing some of our favorite and most popular products lines, along with creative ways to use them. If you’ve ever wondered what your lecture capture or simulation capture could do for you, your classroom or your clients, you’ll soon find out.
Here at NCast, we love to stay on the cutting edge of lecture capture and streaming technology, and we thought we’d share the latest news with you! Stayed tuned to learn what the most popular lecture capture products on the market are, which products are making waves in sales numbers and

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.649946
Retrieved Text: First things first! What is Angular? Why would you want to learn it? This lecture helps answering this question.
So many Angular versions! What's up with them and which version does this course cover?
Got issues using the CLI, setting up a project or simply want to learn more about it? Check out this lecture.
Enough of the talking, let's create our first Angular project and view our first app in the browser.
Let's edit our first app!
How is this course structured? This lecture answers the question and explains what you're going to learn!
Of course you can simply go through all the lectures, but to get the most out of the course, you should consider the advises given in this lecture.
Angular uses TypeScript. What does that mean for you?
A lot of sections of this course will start with a basic setup - this lecture explains how that basic setup is created with the CLI.
Do you get some strange error? Are you stuck? Have a look at the source code of this course.
Let me introduce you to the module and explain what you're going to learn.
We saw our first App run in the browser but do you really know how it got there? This lecture answers the question.
Angular is all about Components! This lectures takes a closer look and explains what Components really are.
Thus far, we worked with the AppComponent. Time to change this and create our first own component.
Did you recognize that AppModule file? It's super important - this lecture explains what it's about!
Now that we learned how to create

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.618288
Retrieved Text: Assume you need to learn everything on the lecture slides (unless told otherwise). In science, the wording is important. Until you comprehend the intricacies of scientific language, assume that the terms really are important – the lecturer probably picked his/her words carefully. Try this: Read a slide carefully. Turn the paper over and rewrite the slide in your own words. Turn back over the paper and check your work. Repeat until you can consistently rewrite the slide in your own words.
How and when do you study? Try this: 1) For lecture material, go over it (read/write/speak) twice in a day (before you sleep). For example, if you have lecture at noon, read the book at 11AM. OR go to lecture at noon and rewrite your notes at 8pm. THEN at a later date (ideally within 48 hours), you need to help that information solidify in your long term memory. To do this, you need some sort of elaborative practice – do something that required you to do more than “spit back” the information.
Reorganize the information. The brain makes connections when you organize information; this increases recall. There are a variety of ways to organize –use a diagram, table, concept map, etc. Organize the information into a system that makes sense. Ideally, do this without looking at notes, but use your notes if you need them. It is not a good idea to repeat incorrect information (your brain memorizes the wrong thing!).
Test your COMPREHENSION (different from rote memorization). The best way to do this is to quiz

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.61774
Retrieved Text: 1904-03-08 pm Spiritual Teachings of Soul/World: Course V - Lecture I: What Does the Modern Human Being Find in Theosophy?
1904-04-28 pm Spiritual Teachings of Soul/World: Course V - Lecture II: What Do Our Scholars Know about Theosophy?
1904-10-06 pm Spiritual Teachings of Soul/World: Course V - Lecture III: Is Theosophy Unscientific?
1904-12-08 pm Spiritual Teachings of Soul/World: Course V - Lecture IV: Is Theosophy Buddhist Propaganda?
12.00 From Sunspots to Strawberries . . .
12193 total hits since Monday March 18th. 221 hits today.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.517075
Retrieved Text: Who Would Choose a Lecture as Their Primary Mode of Learning?
Given all the press around the Flipped Classroom, Khan Academy, and Ted-Ed, long overdue discussions around the use of lectures in the classroom have evolved. Educators are questioning when, how, and what types of lectures best serve and address student learning.
Along with this development, research is being conducted with students about how they want to be taught and what they learn via a lecture model of education. For example, according to “Learn Now, Lecture Later,” a new report released by CDW-G, only 23% of students are satisfied with the way the teachers spend their class time.
Along with surveying students about their preferences, educators are examining best classroom practices. Eric Mazur, a Harvard Physics professor, has been promoting the removal of lectures from the college classroom.
This is part of a movement as Physicists Seek To Lose The Lecture As Teaching Tool, and Mazur has become a type of ambassador for losing the lecture in higher education settings.
At an educational technology conference, Building Learning Communities (BLC) conference, Harvard University physics professor Eric Mazur used a simple experiment to drive home his point that lecturing is an outdated—and largely ineffective—strategy for imparting knowledge. He participants to think of a skill they were good at, then explain how they mastered this skill. While the responses from the crowd varied—some cited practice or experience, while others said trial and error—no one answered “lecture,” Mazur noted wryly.
I believe that given the choice of learning modalities (for any topic), few folks would choose

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.506804
Retrieved Text: In the past 2 decades I have had lots of opportunities to experiment with different styles of teaching radiology. Obviously, some things work a lot better than others. I've made a few observations of my own that were new to me about teaching and have confirmed some others that my mentors and associates have mentioned along the way. Also, I believe I have discovered just about everything that can go wrong during the process of teaching both formally and informally. I would like to share some of these observations for your consideration. First, and I believe most importantly, most audiences do not want too much information. Most of what you preach as crucial information has a half-life of about 1 to 2 minutes, assuming it is attended to at all. Most attempts to make teaching points, rather than forming a permanent neural pathway, simply add heat to the room, increasing the chaos of the universe. Learning is an antientropic energy-consuming process, so do not overtax the system. At most, you should hope to convey a few points that you consider absolutely key. Those among us who teach, which at some time in our careers includes most of us, believe we must cover the entire waterfront on a given topic with everything we know, or think we know. After all, we are the assumed experts. But that is what textbooks are for, not lectures or instructing small groups or individuals. Too much material buries what is vital and perhaps reveals a lack of self-confidence as the speaker

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.367638
Retrieved Text: Ever wish there was a guest lecturer to help you explain the origins of life? Invite Mr. Anderson into your room with this 14-minute video lecture that describes the origins of life, age of the earth, and how scientists know what they do about our past. A great lecture that can be stopped and discussed whenever necessary. This video focuses on the evidence that proves scientific theories and is intended for an older audience.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.340477
Retrieved Text: Randy Pausch died last Friday. He was the Carnegie Mellon Professor who’s “Last Lecture” became an internet sensation, inspired a bestselling book and two Diane Sawyer television specials. Have you seen the Last Lecture, or read the book? Have you seen the television specials? What do you think? Please leave a comment, letting us know.
Randy Pausch died last Friday. He was the Carnegie Mellon Professor who’s “Last Lecture” became an internet sensation, inspired a bestselling book and two Diane Sawyer television specials.
Have you seen the Last Lecture, or read the book? Have you seen the television specials? What do you think? Please leave a comment, letting us know.
Randy Pausch was a dynamic communicator. In Straight Talk for Success, I point out that dynamic communication is one of five keys to a successful life and career. If you want to become a dynamic communicator, you need to develop your conversation, writing and presentation skills.
More important, you need to be authentic. Randy Pausch’s authenticity is what made his Last Lecture such a phenomenon.
I’ve seen the lecture on the internet, read the book and watch the TV specials. I came to really like and respect Randy Pausch because of his perspective, sense of humor and, most of all, his authenticity. As I watched and read, I felt as if her were there speaking to me about his life and his impending death.
His authenticity touched me. Dictionary.com defines authentic as “not false or copied, genuine, real.” Randy Pausch was all of those, with a sense of humor.
As I write this,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.311281
Retrieved Text: Most of us know, far too well, just how easy it is to sit at the back of a lecture theatre, hungover and tired, and not take anything in. Scrolling through Facebook and Twitter, we can often forget just how useful a lecture can actually be. But, with a few tips you’ll soon be on your way to getting the most out of your lectures, and you might find that you actually enjoy them!
Prepare in advance – Often, many lecturers put their slides or handouts online in advance, giving you a great opportunity to prepare. At the very least, you’re likely to know what topic will be covered. Either way, doing a little bit of background research before your lecture will enable you to remain more focused, as you won’t be sat there thinking what on earth does this mean?!
If you’ve got a long day ahead of you, bring snacks – Keeping hydrated and having energy throughout the day is incredibly important for your concentration. Drink plenty of water, and take some healthy snacks with you so that your energy levels don’t drop. Plus, what’s worse than hearing your stomach rumble in a quiet lecture theatre?!
Sit in a good position – Studies show that sitting in the middle of a lecture theatre, at the front, can significantly increase how much information you take in. This way, you’ll be forced to pay attention as you’ll be right in the lecturer’s eye line!
Switch off your mobile phone (unless you’re using it to record…) – It’s so easy to

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.222687
Retrieved Text: It's worth repeating—the story that Sinclair Lewis was to lecture about the craft of writing to a college class of aspiring writers. He began by asking: "How many of you are really serious about being writers?" All hands shot up. "Well, why the hell aren't you all home writing?" And he walked out.
Other versions say he sat down. Whatever he did, that was the end of the lecture.
While you're writing at home or elsewhere, please comment to let me know what you'd like to see on my blog. Has it been useful so far?
I love to write. I really do. So why is it so hard to get myself to sit down and do it? For one excuse, I know that once I am actually facing the computer screen, time will slip by and the next thing, ten hours will have passed. No laundry done, no dishes washed, no plants watered—you get the picture. But if I were to do all that first, when would I write?
And then, there are all those enticing webinars and web packages on writing, all those how-to-make-money-writing web offers (and how easy it is to make money writing!) for which, of course, there are fees up to nearly $200. Each. Even if I had that kind of money and time, why would I spend it learning to do what I can do for nothing? Except, of course, I'm not doing it; I'm too busy checking out those offers and clearing my inbox.
There is the story that Sinclair Lewis, beginning a college

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.19035
Retrieved Text: Two of our students and sisters (Anna, Year 8 and Penelope, Year 4) are regulars at the Classical Association lectures, which placed them in an excellent position to report on the 5th Anniversary Presidential Lecture with Academic, Author and Broadcaster, Professor Michael Scott.
They are pictured with Katrina (founding member of the Association and AKS Alumni), Professor Michael Scott and Mr. Walton.
An overview by Anna, Year 8 and interview with Penelope Year 4.
For our fifth year running and the largest branch of the Classical Association in the UK, I’d say that we have had an incredible start to 2019. Our president, Prof. Michael Scott entertained and informed us about the importance of Delphi in the ancient world. That said, I think Lytham St Annes is fast becoming the centre of the classics world!
Prof. Scott entranced us with his vast knowledge of Delphi and toured us around the ancient city. Many know Delphi for the sacred Oracle a priestess who sat on a tripod in the sanctuary of Apollo, making utterances that were later interpreted and used by important people from all over the ancient world. However, in his lecture he created a spectacular vision including every aspect of the details of this ancient town of Delphi down to music competitions, theatres, the Delphic games, how the Romans couldn’t resist the temptation of making their mark in the Sanctuary of Apollo and many more aspects.
He coined a phrase that grabbed my attention and I found this phrase summed up his lecture perfectly. His phrase was ‘A Storybook of

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.159697
Retrieved Text: 1 video in "Limit Cycles"
Arthur Mattuck, 18.03 Differential Equations, Spring 2006. (Massachusetts Institute of Technology: MIT OpenCourseWare), http://ocw.mit.edu (Accessed November 29, 2008). License: Creative Commons BY-NC-SA.
Description: Limit Cycles: Existence and Non-existence Criteria -- Lecture 32. Learn about limit cycles and their criteria.
What are the criteria for limit cycles to exist?
What is a closed trajectory?
What does it mean for a limit cycle to be isolated?
What does it mean for a limit cycle to be stable?
How do you know when a limit cycle will not exist?
This lecture starts off with a bit of review from the last few lectures, including trajectories and velocity fields. This lecture is devoted entirely to the idea of limit cycles and how to determine whether a limit cycle exists. There are some example problems done as well. A very interesting topic explained very well.
Reviewed by MathVids Staff on November 29, 2008.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.153826
Retrieved Text: Have you ever felt bad of loosing your previous version of Code for which you worked Months together? What if the worst part is you over-write your own code? Yes. Every developer/programmer will come across this situation. This course will avoid such situations in your work life. With huge experience in GIT and Versioning, our team has created this course.
With this course, one can easily learn the GIT Commands. This course uses Bitbucket repository to work on GIT commands. Topics such as Creating repository, adding new file, applying changes to existing file, cloning a remote repository, pull and push operations to remote repository, committing a change, basic branching and merging branches are covered. Feel to ask any questions and please do rate the course. Let us know what good we did and what needs to be improved in this course to get a 5 start rating. Happy Learning from Learn&Share Others.
This lecture gives quick introduction about GIT and its history along with to whom this course will be useful.
This lecture explains the topics covered by this course at high level.
The architecture of GIT is explained in simple steps along with a file flow.
This lecture explains how to Install GIT to your local computer.
This lecture describes the steps involved in Registering a new Bitbucket account and logging into it.
This lecture explains how to clone a Remote repository to local Git repository in your system.
This lecture works with status command and how to create alias to save working time.
This lecture explains how to execute commit command with a

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.097296
Retrieved Text: The 8 Secrets You Will Never Know About Fiche De Lecture | fiche de lecture is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at September 06, 2017 upload by ishom in Accessoires cheveux.
You can download The 8 Secrets You Will Never Know About Fiche De Lecture | fiche de lecture in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
So, if you like to acquire all of these awesome pics about (The 8 Secrets You Will Never Know About Fiche De Lecture | fiche de lecture), press save link to save the photos in your pc. They are all set for obtain, if you like and want to take it, simply click save badge on the web page, and it will be instantly saved to your laptop.} Finally if you need to secure new and latest photo related to (The 8 Secrets You Will Never Know About Fiche De Lecture | fiche de lecture), please follow us on google plus or save the site, we try our best to give you daily up-date with fresh and new photos. Hope you like keeping right here. For some updates and recent information about (The 8 Secrets You Will Never Know About Fiche De Lecture | fiche de lecture) images, please kindly follow us on tweets, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on bookmark area, We try to provide you with up grade periodically with fresh and new pics, love your exploring,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.095472
Retrieved Text: At Worldwide Speakers Group, we pride ourselves in being a leading global professional services firm combined with the best customer service and sales experienced team. Each professional on our team has the experience our clients may need when planning their perfect event.
We sat down with Bill Hart, Vice President of Sales, and asked him what trends and tendencies he has seen with his clients.
How does Sales for a lecture agency differ from other marketplaces?
Bill Hart: Sales doesn’t differ much industry to industry. The most important thing is understanding your customer’s goals, their challenges, and what success looks like for them. You must know your offering completely and how it fits with their needs. Helping them succeed remains constant.
What are some of the most challenging aspects to Sales at a lecture agency?
BH: The many layers that often exist at the customer level. From planners to committees to boards to CEOs, it is often difficult to know your path to final decisions. Establishing strong relationships take time, there are no shortcuts to becoming a trusted advisor.
What are the steps to booking/selecting the best speaker for a customer? How do customers typically handle the WWSG booking process?
BH: The steps vary from customer to customer but typically begin with a briefing meeting or call to fully understand the goals around a specific event and the desired outcomes. This is followed by written proposals, follow-up calls, refining and adding to it. Some customers will request pre-booking calls with speakers to more fully understand speech topics, approach and content. We are involved

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.062096
Retrieved Text: Many of us struggle to make notes that are meaningful when we need to refer back to them. You need to adapt strategies that work for you to help you take and make effective notes.
To take effective notes, you should prepare for the lecture or reading. You should think about what you want to know, what the lecture or material is about, and how it is relevant to your own work.
If you are preparing for a lecture, you can start by reading your module handbook to find out what the lecture will be about and what the learning outcomes are. Make sure that you familiarise yourself with new ideas, terms or language by consulting recommended texts. Your tutor may have recommended some preparatory reading, and Wikipedia can also be helpful for an overview of unfamiliar topics. Consider how the lecture material relates to your assignments and identify the key points that you need to note down.
It might also help to review your notes from previous lectures so you can make connections between each lecture.
If you are preparing to read texts, ask yourself what you need to get from your reading. Do you need an overview, case studies and examples, definitions, or ideas and evidence to support your own argument?
The purpose of your reading will influence your reading technique as well as the way you take notes.
Be ready to listen actively during a lecture. Pay particular attention at the beginning and end of lectures, as this is where the lecturer will set out and then summarise the

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.994091
Retrieved Text: To be an effective teacher you must have the attention of your students. Attempting to teach while students are whispering and chattering is unfair to you and the rest of the class. Use these strategies to control the off task conversations that may occur in your class.
Move around the room while you speak. Don’t stand at the board and lecture. If students know exactly where you stand at all times they can hide from you and whisper without being seen. Walk in between the rows of desks. Check for understanding constantly by asking random students questions about what you are covering. If students know that at any point they could be called on to answer a question they are more likely to pay attention. If a group of students is talking during your instruction move over to that side of the room. Be sure to ask one of those students a question on what you just said. If the talking/disrespecting is really bad you will need to stop the lecture entirely, but in most cases it can be stopped by following these steps.
Some teachers are more tolerant of talking during class. A student of yours could be used to classes where quiet private off task conversations are allowed or ignored. Let the class know that when you are instructing you do not want any private conversations. Tell the students that if they have a question they can raise their hand. If not, there is no reason to be talking. Being clear about your rules and stating

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.951141
Retrieved Text: - after you know how, then open the next link titled: "Video : Lecture 1 : the Science of Psychology"
This video is a recorded lecture introducing the science of psychology, with audio narration and embedded videos about Little Albert and other relevant topics.
This is the lecture notes for Lecture 1, without any audio narration or embedded videos.
You can take this formative assessment with unlimited tries to build your knowledge about the Science of Psychology, and the system will keep the highest grade you achieve. Keep trying until you master these 20 questions and get full marks!
How do I run the videos from the Echo360 Lecture Capture system?

================



======= Instance Index 12 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: I wish I knew the times of the trains to London. But our phone's out of order.

M: Don't worry, Grandma. I'll find out for you on the Internet.

W: Thank you!

Question: What is the man going to do? 

- Go on the Internet.

- Make a phone call.

- Take a train trip.

Target Text: Go on the Internet.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.272244
Retrieved Text: Question: A man and a women are in a car rushing to a destination and have to go through a bad neighborhood. While going through then car runs out of gas. The man goes to get gas half a mile back. when the man returns he finds the women unconscious and a stranger in the car. what is going on?
Answer: The couple was going to the Hospital because the women was in labor with her baby. while the man was in the car left the women had the baby making her lose conscious. the stranger in the car was the womens baby.
Question: A man witnesses a murder in a NYC subway. He shows a cop the incident, but the officer doesn't do anything and says this happens every day. What is going on?
Answer: A rat was murdered by poison and the officer didn't do anything since this is legal and happens everyday in mass.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 14.835225
Retrieved Text: How do you think the boy is feeling?
What emotions do you think the man is experiencing?
Who is the man on the platform?
What country do you think they are in?
Is he a normal boy or does he have certain powers?
Where do you think the train is going?
Will the driver realise what has happened?
What do you think is the fastest mode of transport? Can you draw what you have chosen?
Can you write a sentence containing a relative clause?
E.g. The boy, who found himself travelling at great speed, started to panic.
It splits the main clause.
The clause begins with ‘who’, ‘which’ or ‘with’.
It must supply an extra bit of information to the sentence.
Commas should surround the embedded clause.
He held on to the train. It was going really fast. He felt scared.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 14.778012
Retrieved Text: 2. What are the two speakers mainly talking about?
A. What they do while traveling.
B. When they do their homework.
C. How they spend their spare time.
3. What is the probable relationship between the two speakers?
4. What happens to Mr Jordan?
A. He is ill. B. He is out of work. C. He is on holiday.
A. She wants to go on watching TV.
B. She wants the man to turn the TV off.
C. She does not mind what the man will do.
6. What is the conversation mainly about?
A. Ordering a radio. B. Having the radio fixed.
C. Looking for a radio repair shop.
7. What does the woman expect the man to do?
A. Repair her radio. B. Listen to her radio.
C. Buy a new radio for her.
8. What does the man prefer to do?
A. Watch games outside. B. Watch TV at home.
C. Play ball games with his friends.
9. What does the woman want the man to do?
A. Do some physical exercise.
B. Watch ball games on TV at home.
C. Play a football game with his friends.
10. What are the two speakers mainly talking about?
A. A chemistry test. B. William Carlos Williams.
11. What does the woman want the man to do?
A. To choose a topic for her report.
B. To help her do better in her report.
C. To prepare her report on the poet.
12. When will the two speakers probably meet?
A. At about 2:00 pm. B. At about 4:00 pm.
C. At about 7:00 pm.
A. At the party. B. At the library. C. At Professor Blake’s.
14. What is the probable relationship between the two speakers?
A. Fellow

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.748122
Retrieved Text: A very self-important young man goes out and buys what he believes is the best car available: a 1997 Porsche 911 Turbo. It is one of the fastest and most expensive cars in the world.
That night, he takes it out for a spin and, while doing so, stops at a red light. An old man on a mo-ped (both looking about 90 years old) pulls up next to him. The old man looks over the sleek, shiny surface of the car and asks, "What kind of car ya' got there, sonny?"
The young man replies, "A 1997 Porsche 911 Turbo. It cost me $100,000."
"That's a lot of money," replies the old man. "Why do they cost so much?"
"Because this car can do up to 180 miles an hour!" states the young man proudly.
The mo-ped driver asks, "Can I take a look inside?"
So the old man pokes his head in the window and looks around. Leaning back on his mo-ped, the old man says, "That's a pretty nice car, all right!"
Just then the light changes, so the young guy decides to show the old man what his car can do. He floors it, and within 10 seconds the speedometer reads 120 MPH. Suddenly, he notices a dot in his rear view mirror that seems to be getting closer! He slows down to see what it could be and suddenly, whhhoooossshhh! Something whips by him, going much faster!
"What on earth could be going faster than my Porsche 911 Turbo?" the young man asks himself. Then, ahead of him, he

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.745545
Retrieved Text: For decades, garages have been nothing more than a place to keep a car safe from the elements, store lawn and garden equipment and seasonal items or a place to banish your teenager to practice with their band.
The 90's however, saw any number of startup companies come out of garages.
With property values at a premium in so many states, homeowners are looking to utilize every square inch of their homes in new and creative ways. Today’s garages are being repurposed for everything from game rooms to family living areas to spectacular man caves.
If you want to turn your garage into the ultimate man paradise, here are five great ways to do it.
If you’re one of those people or families that ends up throwing everything you don’t know what to do with in the garage, then the first step to creating your personal man oasis is to create space for it.
It’s not enough to just take everything out of the garage and replace it, you’re going to have to downsize and minimize. If you really want the cave of your dreams, you’re going to have to bite the bullet and send some things to the Goodwill or pass them on to the neighbors.
While you can outfit your man cave piecemeal, you’re going to end up with a far better end result if you draw up some garage organization plans. Start by figuring out what you want the entire thing to look like when you are done, and then work backwards to figure out what you need to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.7303505
Retrieved Text: Once a lawyer stood up to test Jesus with this question, "Master, what shall I do to receive eternal life?" Jesus said to him, "What is written in the law? How does it read?" He answered, "You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul, and with all your strength and with all your mind; also your neighbor as yourself." Jesus said to him, "You have answered correctly; do this and you will live."
But wishing to justify himself he said to Jesus, "Who is my neighbor?" Jesus answered, "A certain man going down from Jerusalem to Jericho fell in with robbers who after stripping and beating him went away, leaving him half dead. Now it happened that a certain priest was going by the same road, but when he saw the man, he passed by on the other side.
"Which of these three do you think proved neighbor to the man who fell in with robbers?" He said, "The man who took pity on him." Jesus said to him, "Then go and do likewise."

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.698191
Retrieved Text: Thanks to: Teresa Love - Pevely - Missouri - USA.
Why do girls freak out when they get six whole inches cut off their hair yet, they complain about guys that are six inches?
Thanks to: William Bailey - USA.
There was a house of ill-repute on top of a mountain. There was a man running up the hill, a man going down the hill, and a man on top of the hill in the house. What is the nationally of each man.
The man running up the hill, himaRussian... the man in the house, Himalayan... and the one going down the hill, himaFinish!
A man and his wife are having a horrible fight. She throws her arms up in the air and says, "I have had it, I am going to kill my self!"
She runs to the window and tries to open it. The man, in a panic, runs to the manager's apartment and says, "Come quick to my apartment, its an emergency!"
The manager asks "Why, what's happening?"
The man says, "The window is stuck!"
Thanks to: michael pace - South Rockwood - Michigan - USA.
Please do not put cigarette butts in urinal--- Us janitors find them hard to smoke.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.633682
Retrieved Text: 1. What does the man think of watching TV?
[A] It helps people kill time.
[B] It makes people less active.
[C] It keeps people well-informed.
[A] She’ll use her bike soon.
[B] She’ lent her bike out.
[C] She’ll borrow a bike.
3. What does the man think of the woman?
[A] She is poorly dressed.
[C] She should buy a dress for Betty.
4. What’s going to be difficult for the man?
[B] Working at home quietly.
[C] Choosing a birthday gift.
5. What are the speakers discussing?
[A] Whether to go on a holiday.
[B] How to pay for the house.
[C] Whether to find a better job.
6. Who is Mr. Li?
[A] The woman’s co-worker. [B] The woman’s secretary. [C] The woman’s boss.
7. What does Mr. Li want to talk to the woman about?
[A] A job offer. [B] A big sale. [C] A new department.
[A] Trying to find a job. [B] Traveling round the world. [C] Teaching English for money.
9. Where will the man be working?
[A] In an Australian school. [B] In a shipping company. [C] In a foreign trading firm.
10. What will the speakers do together in the evening?
[C] Have a home-made dinner.
11. What do the speakers decide to do?
[A] Ask Carrie for help. [B] Buy a huge cake. [C] Play cards.
12. Who will probably get surprised at the party?
[A] Maggie. [B] The man. [C] Jackie.
13. What kind of families can be possibly chosen as home-stay families?
[A] Good at cooking. [B] Close to the school. [C] With international background.
14. What can an international student expect in a home-stay family?
15. What is the main advantage of staying with a

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.550388
Retrieved Text: There’s just something about your “type” of man. You know that feeling when your heart beats fast and you can’t stop smiling. Don’t lie, if “Mr. Hot” comes along he’ll grab your attention. And if he does look your way, you’re going to look back.
Someone’s going to bag that trophy and you are hoping it is you. And if you’re the girl with the lucky arrow that lands in his heart, you are not going to stop and calculate whether or not he is going to make a good husband or father. You’re not!!!
You are not going to pull out a pen and paper and interview him. And he is not going to hand you his resume.
You know what you are going to say? Back off ladies he’s mine!
You’ve got him. He’s yours now and you are going to enjoy your trophy. For a while anyway.
Because you thought you had your perfect man but, in reality what you actually end up with is a statllion who is good for nothing but breeding and breaking your heart.
This does not make you bad. What it makes you is a bad decision maker.
Why do woman fall for men who aren’t good for them?
Because they let chemistry do the choosing instead of their brains. And no I’m not judging because I’m guilty as charged.
What I’ve learned through my own trial and error and error and error is that chemistry is King when it comes to initial attraction. And it’s intoxicating. And interestingly, our beer goggles are unique to ourselves. We

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.542682
Retrieved Text: Congrats on the job of Community Manager for Remedy man. :D That's awesome... truly awesome. You'll do a great job at that man.
Now... hook me up with a free copy of Alan Wake! :p I kid. Congrats man.
Hello so is everyone here going to another forums in case these go down. Is it the same as this place. What is the leafyisle.
Hey man how is the Leafyisle forum going? Am I supposed to email you now or when you are done with it?
Well, ADM, we'll miss ya as a mod (again).

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.475595
Retrieved Text: This English tutorial is a revision of spelling of endings of the 3rd person singular verbs and about adverbs, that go with Present Simple tense.
positive or negative and really feel comfortable using this particular tense.
grammar in examples and just reviewing a few keywords.
This English tutorial is a revision of spelling of endings of the 3rd person singular present simple.
ENGLISH WOMAN: Now, we can speak English. We can ask questions. We can reply to questions. When do you want to speak English?
AMERICAN MAN: I want to speak English soon.
INDIAN WOMAN: I want to speak English very soon.
ENGLISH WOMAN: Why do you want to speak English?
INDIAN WOMAN: I want to speak English to work.
MAN: I need to speak English.
AMERICAN MAN: What do you need?
INDIAN WOMAN: I need to eat because I am hungry.
ENGLISH WOMAN: How do you learn English?
WOMAN: I learn English Online.
ENGLISH WOMAN: Who do you speak English with?
AMERICAN MAN: I speak English with my teacher. She speaks English very well. She is a good teacher.
ENGLISH WOMAN: What do you do?
AMERICAN MAN: I do not understand “Do you Do“?
ENGLISH WOMAN: That is normal there are two do’s in English. “Do” is an auxiliary: What do you eat? “Do” is a verb also. I do work. You do the work.
AMERICAN MAN: We do something. They do something as well.
ENGLISH WOMAN: Do you understand? Can you do English grammar exercises?
S + always + V + O .
Do/Don’t + S + always + V + O ?
S + V + O + EVERY DAY + .
S + V + O

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.462208
Retrieved Text: Thoughts of Wife’s Previous Lovers Bothering You?
There are men who sometimes think about their wife being with previous lovers and it generates strong, unpleasant, unhappy feelings within them. For some men, it’s so strong that it “hurts” or even makes them “sick”.
The word we use for these feelings is “jealous”.
However, here’s what a man needs to know…he must first “do” something in order to “feel” jealous. Specifically, HE MUST USE HIS MIND AGAINST HIMSELF! He must use his mind in a non-useful way.
Knowing that what’s important to a woman is how the man in her life makes her feel about herself and him, there’s no way a man dwelling on these non-useful scenarios can make his wife feel good about herself or him.
And so, she will eventually leave. That’s why she left all those previous lovers too.
What she doesn’t want is some guy who’s stuck in the past and dwelling upon the other men that she’s been with. What she doesn’t want is some guy who is a “project” that she has to try to “hold together” so he doesn’t “fall apart”. What she doesn’t want is a guy who’s constantly drowning in self-pity that she constantly has to “rescue”.
She wants a man with love in his heart – not jealousy – because she wants to be loved. She wants a man who desires her – not who’s thinking about her and men she’s been with before – because she wants a lover. She wants a strong, secure man – not some mental and emotional weakling

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.407919
Retrieved Text: Veteran Nollywood actress, Rita Dominic, has revealed that if she’s going to get married, she will marry the man of her dreams and not the man the society dreams for her.
In a new interview with TVC, the 43 year ‘ageless’ actress also revealed that she almost married someone, but it didn’t work out.
“I would marry the man of my dreams and not the man the society dreams for me. Society feels that there’s something wrong with you if you are a certain age and you are not married.
What if it’s the society that something is wrong with, for thinking that way, for forcing someone to do what they do not want to do, or forcing them to do what they want to do but in their own time.
I almost married someone, we were there, but it didn’t work out and I am happy it didn’t work out.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.3991
Retrieved Text: With Sinister Six and Venom movies planned in addition to more Amazing Spider-Man sequels, the big future plans for Sony's Spider-Man Cinematic Universe are very clear - but what remains a mystery is exactly when the studio will be releasing their titles and in what order. It's never been clear exactly which of the titles will be coming before the other, but now producers Avi Arad and Matt Tolmach have shed a little bit of light on the situation.
"Before we know what we do with Spider-Man 4, we're going to do Sinister Six, Venom and Spider-Man 3. There is going to be a lot of crossover in those movies. So we're just not at Spider-Man 4, because we still have a whole other Spider-Man movie and two other movies. So we don't know yet what [Spider-Man 4] is going to be"
Adding an interesting detail to this mix is the already announced May 4, 2018 weekend that the studio has already acquired. Since the studio claimed the date we've assumed that it would be The Amazing Spider-Man 4, but apparently that's not the case. Tolmach also told Den of Geek that May 4, 2018 will be a Spider-Man-related movie, but not The Amazing Spider-Man 4.
We can pretty much safely assume that the May 2018 title is either Venom or Sinister Six, but which one? Could Venom be a part of the Sinister Six and then move on for his own solo movie? Or will Venom get a solo movie that leads him to the Sinister Six? If

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.382023
Retrieved Text: Mango Man just got some Enlightenment!
A GURU is always a GURU, he just acted being stumped. See how Mango Man and GURU ‘concluded’ their on-going chat. Click here to read first part of their conversation.
GURU: Yeah, perfect! So 2.5 + 3.5 = 6 lakhs, what are you going to do with that after 15 years?
Mango Man: Ahh, it's a part of my retirement 'goal'. I knew you were going to come to this. I have heard you lecturing about Goals a lot.GURU: Smart, but you will be retiring after 30 years, isn't it?
GURU: Great! So, now you very well know how to use the Financial Calculator, right?
Mango Man: Yes!GURU: Okay, just calculate how much your money will become if you invest Rs. 100,000 once in a lifetime for 30 years at 15% rate of return..
GURU: : Let’s talk about some Math now :) So, by Investing Rs. 100,000 + 30,000 by saving taxes, you will accumulate some 49 lakhs applying your master strategy. And had you invested Rs. 100,000 directly in equity related instrument for 30 years, you would have made about 66 lakhs in 30 years. Just that, you wouldn’t have got the luxury to save some tax..
GURU: So, to meet your long term goal of retirement which is after 30 years, you are losing the opportunity to gain from long term gains of equity markets by putting your money in tax saving debt instruments.
Mango Man: Do you mean to say that saving taxes is a ‘financial suicide’?
GURU: Do you work for FINDIA TV or

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.375745
Retrieved Text: Unfortunately for some of you, today you find yourself believing your man isn’t going to get any better… He’s a liar, cheater, and a looker… He’s not going to change, so why go through the argument, discomfort, and awkwardness of asking him a question you already know the answer? He’s who he is and all men cheat, lie, and do their share of dirt… That’s what makes him a man…. Every man you know struggles with keeping his “Johnson” in his pants, so why should your man be any different??? So you find yourself thinking, why waste your time asking him a question which requires actions which proves love, when you already know he’s incapable of doing what needs to be done???

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.372987
Retrieved Text: A man comes home to find his wife packing her bags. "Where are you going?" demands the surprised husband. "To Las Vegas! I found out that there are men that will pay me $500 to do what I do for you for free!" The man pondered that thought for a moment, and then began packing HIS bags. "What do you think you are doing?" she screamed. "I'm going to Las Vegas with you... I want to see how you're going to live on $1000 a year!"
A man was quietly reading his paper when his wife sneaks up behind him and whacks him on the head with a frying pan. "What was that for?" he says. "That was for the piece of paper in your pants pocket with the name Mary Lou written on it", she replies. "Two weeks ago when I went to the races, Mary Lou was the name of one of the horses I bet on", he explains. She looks satisfied, apologizes, and goes off to do work around the house. Three days later he's again sitting in his chair reading when she nails him with an even bigger frying pan, knocking him out cold. When he comes to, he says, "What the hell was that for?" "Your horse phoned."

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.301034
Retrieved Text: Even after four films, producer Avi Arad has big plans for the web-friendly franchise.
Executive producer Avi Arad hopes to shepherd another series of films for "The Amazing Spider-Man."
As the man in charge of Spider-Man’s Hollywood destiny, producer Avi Arad knows better than most that with great power comes great responsibility.
In the wake of director Sam Raimi’s popular trilogy of “Spider-Man” films starring Tobey Maguire and produced for Columbia Pictures by Arad, a decision was made to re-launch the franchise less than a decade after it first came to the screen with this week's "Amazing Spider-Man." Arad – the former CEO of Toy Biz who became the chief creative officer of Marvel Comics and later Marvel Studios from 2002 to 2007 before exiting to start his own production company – stayed at the web-head’s executive helm, handing the creative reigns over to director Marc Webb and his team and helping him land the new leads Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone.
Arad tells PopcornBiz about why the new team was the right one to weave Spider-Man’s next cinematic yarn, and just how far ahead the new franchise has been planned.
I imagine that the decision to start fresh with Spider-Man wasn't an easy one. So what was key about this take that made you want to do it?
Emma Stone: "I'm Ready to Sleep for a Year"
Emma Stone chats about meeting Spider-Man fans all across the world while promoting her new movie, "The Amazing Spider-Man," and what she plans to do now that the movie is in theaters.
For me, it was

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.280578
Retrieved Text: A man goes and buys the best car available in the US or Europe, a 1998 Turbo BeepBeep. It is the best and most expensive car in the world, and it costs him $500,000. He takes it out for a spin and while doing so, stops for a red light. An old man on a moped, both looking about 90 years old, pulls up next to him. The old man looks over the sleek, shiney surface of the car and asks "what kind of car ya got there, sonny?" The dude replies "A 1998 Turbo BeepBeep. They cost $500,000!!". "That's a lota money!" says the old man shocked. "Why does it cost so much?" "cause this car can do 320 mph!" states the cooldude proudly. The old man asks "Can I take a look inside?" "Sure" replies the new owner. So the old man pokes his head in the window and looks around. Leaning back on his moped, the old man says "That's a pretty nice car alright!"
Just then the light changes, so the guy decides to show the old man what his car can do. He floors it! and within 20 seconds the speedometer reads 320 mph. Suddenly the guy notices a dot in his rear view mirror. It seems to be getting closer! Whhhhoooooooosh! Something whips past him! Going maybe 3 times as fast! The guy wonders "What on earth could be going faster than my Turbo BeepBeep?" Then, ahead of him he sees the same dot coming back towards him. Whhhhhooooooooosh! goes by

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.279289
Retrieved Text: 1. I am a busy man. Yes, you ... a busy man.
d) don’t 2. There ... a problem.
3. My son is out with ... girlfriend.
d) one’s 4. They want ... home.
5. James is going ... by the other door.
d) across 6. ... the door for me!
7. Tell me ... phoned, please!
d) what 8. ... is the school? - Two miles away.
9. He ... on the phone now.
d) speaking 10. The Smiths have a Toyota, it is ... first car.
11. In general ... men like football.
d) the 12. This is the ... exciting film.
13. You ... working last autumn.
d) begun 14. Quick! We ... hide.
d) quarter past three 16. She drives ...; she’s a ... driver.
17. What ... you ...yesterday?
d) have/done 18. I ... never ... him before.
19. My birthday is ... February 22nd.
d) in 20. He has just .., to the airport.
21. ... I ask your name, please?
d) shall 22. You don’t like fish, ...?
23. I am going to Italy ... Italian.
d) for learn 24. What will you do when you ... see him?
25. Will he take ... bag to the shop?
d) any 26. I haven’t got ... time.
27. She is ... tall ... her sister.
29. Která z uvedených otázek má stejný význam jako otázka: What are we going to do?
a) What do we do?
b) What must we do?
c) What will we do?
d) What do we want to do? 30. Která věta je správná?
a) These drinks are not our. They’re their.
b) These drinks are not ours. They’re theirs.
c) These drinks are not ours. They’re their.
d) These

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.232246
Retrieved Text: First Time Dad by Focus on the Family ministry veteran (and father of 6) John Fuller lets you in on the stuff you really need to know... because in just a few months or weeks or days, your life is going to change--forever. Set good priorities. Break bad habits and/or family patterns. Recognize and recover from some common fathering mistakes. Know that your words have immense power. And learn how to cultivate a lasting parent-child relationship. So, instead of wondering "oh man, oh man, oh man... what am I going to do now?" for 9 months... read this short book (plus it's pretty fun too) and get excited!
"Dad, your job is critical... And you can do it."

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.220298
Retrieved Text: man: this bomb is going to explode! i hate it when they do that! man: i hope they left the manual in this bomb-making kit... man (holding manual): YES! man: let's see... disarming the bomb. pg 17 man (reading manual): "why would you want to disarm the bomb you just built? who knows, but here's how!" man (reading manual): "buy the prima bomb defusal strategy guide at your nearest bomb store!" WHAT?!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.188652
Retrieved Text: did you get a front end alignment when you lifted it?
Black Wheels With Graphite Metallic Paint Color?
awesome man thanks I was going to do the Fox 2.0 in the front but I think the max lift is 2' for those so looks like ill need a 3" level to actually sit level judging by yours. I appreciate it man truck looks great!
Hey man what is your suspension set up and what size tires do you have? just bought a 2018 yesterday in this color and I love this look?
Ahh ok I gotcha but is it a better ride than spacers?
What does everyone think about the Rancho quicklift? Seems like an affordable coilover? Is that a correct assumption?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.188127
Retrieved Text: Self Description: Positive and kind lady with big heart and great love to life. I enjoy going out and being active. Together with being very active I do know what this mean to be feminine and sweet, I have a lot to give to the right man! Do you want to see?
Comments: There are so many things which woman can ask from the man but the most important for me is I want my man to have a heart of gold. I want him to be reliable and trustworthy, kind and careful. Honesty is a must. I don't know what to ask more, I just want to be happy. You?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.157515
Retrieved Text: Today I have a man that is on a tear, winning his first two Ironmans. A man who was going backward when it came to health and someone that learned what to do to not only fix his health… But come back and dominate. That man is Cody Beals.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.15404
Retrieved Text: IRON MAN 3 Will Be More Tom Clancy, Shane Black Says | Birth.Movies.Death.
Shane Black drops some really vague thoughts on what he’s going to do with IRON MAN 3.
What do you do with the Iron Man franchise after The Avengers? If you’re newly hired director Shane Black you pull it away from where it went in Iron Man 2 - ie, more guys in armor pounding on each other - and find a new angle.
it will be more like a Tom Clancy-thriller, with Iron Man fighting real world villians.
The source also claims that Black said he’ll be writing the script, and that it will have no Marvel superhero crossovers. Of course the reality of that will be decided in the weeks leading up to the release, which is when Marvel seems to throw in their cameos (Thor and Captain America cameos were just recently shot).
As a nerd I hope that Black’s Iron Man 3 is at least in the same vein as Favreau’s; I would like the Ten Rings business finished up.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.132977
Retrieved Text: As Secret Avengers #2. “Secret Histories: Part Two” begins I find myself asking…who is that man in the eye patch? Will Ed Brubaker confirm who it might be? Or will I be left howling in a Fury about who this villain might be?
Someone has hacked the Secret Avengers roving headquarters and Sharon Carter is not happy about it at all. What she discovers is that the burglars were using stealth tech that seems very S.H.I.E.L.D.like. Carter follows the trail of the “Crown of Tentacles” that was lifted from the team’s headquarters. Meanwhile on Mars, Steve Rogers seeks Nova at an abandoned Roxxon mining operation. And his team is attacked by stealthy soldiers who do not allow their capture so they can protect the Lords of Shadow. But these soldiers may be the least of Steve Rogers’ worries. And the eye patched man appears again, this time in a S.H.I.E.L.D.like jumpsuit with serpents!
Here is the deal, I am guessing that this eye patched man is somehow connected to Nick Fury. He looks like Nick Fury, he moves like Nick Fury and he mostly dresses like Nick Fury. But I really do not know if he is Nick Fury! But I am willing to keep going to discover who this man is. Okay, fair warning I have five more issues in this run so I was going to keep going no matter what.
Who are you eye patched man? You look like a hero and have tech and agents that appear to be on S.H.I.E.L.D. model. But would Nick

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.126234
Retrieved Text: William: Li, do you mind if we don't look at a phrase today?
Li: Don't look at a phrase? So what do you want to do today instead?
William: Erm, nothing actually. I've got to go and meet a friend at the airport.
Li: So what are you saying, William? That you don't have time for today's programme?
William: Is that all right?
William: Well, thanks Li! I'm just going to bounce.
Li: Hey, William, wait, wait! What do you mean? What did you say just now?
William: I'm just going to bounce; I'm going to leave.
Li: I think we need to hear another example of that phrase.
Man: Hey Tom – where are you going? The party's just getting started!
Man 2: Ah sorry dude, I gotta bounce. I'm on an early shift tomorrow.
Li: In that clip we heard someone saying he had to leave a party.
William: Yes, that's right. He said "I gotta bounce".
Li: To bounce usually means for something to go up and down. But where does this slang usage come from, William?
William: Well, 'bounce' meaning 'to leave' comes from the USA and it's urban slang, so it's something that young cool kids might say.
William: What do you mean?
Li: Well you're not young or cool. You are a middle-class Englishman in his thirties.
William: Li, that's not fair! I listen to hip hop. And one of my jumpers has a hood.
Li: Anyway, we have talked about a phrase now. So if you like, you can bounce now.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.036998
Retrieved Text: December 6, 2018 December 6, 2018 - by Staff Reports - 2 Comments.
My reply on my husband Ottis Lee Boyett,. He was protecting his daughter from her abusive husband who was hitting on her, any daddy in his right mind is not going to let a man stand there and beat on his daughter, I dont care what she done in her past, a women cannot defend herself against a man. If it was your daughter what would have done, sit back in chair in the yard and watch it, no I do I don’t think so. All we ask him to do was leave and he would not!!!!!! My husband is not a violent man, he’s a good man who has worked hard his whole and raise his family. I Love you Ottis Lee Boyett,.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.035689
Retrieved Text: Women like a man with a plan; when you call her up, don’t make her “work” by having to make any decisions. Let her know exactly what time you are picking her up, where you are taking her and what she should wear. When you get to wherever you are going, decide what you are going to do there, and where and how you are going to do it. Let her sit back and relax while you take care of the details. And later, show her where your bedroom is — and for god's sake, take her clothes off for her. It’s the gentlemanly thing to do.

================



======= Instance Index 13 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: Would you turn off the alarm clock?

W: Dear, but you said you had a meeting to attend at 8:40.

Question: Will the woman turn off the clock? 

- Certainly.

- Maybe.

- No.

Target Text: No.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.940737
Retrieved Text: A typical Black Forest chalet style Cuckoo clock depicting a Clock maker working away at his bench. He moves with the water wheel as the Cuckoo calls and the music plays There is also a moving clock Peddler and a woman waving her handkerchief. This clock also has an impressive roof, dominated by the Bell tower, dormer style windows and the decorated barge boards. Underneath the terrace with the platform of dancers either side of the dial is a row of three hand painted windows. Other decoration includes the moving water wheel, Fir tree and clock dials in the clockmakers workshop. The platform of dancers turn as the music plays its twin melody of Edelweiss and the Happy Wanderer. Wooden dial, hands, cuckoo, pendulum. The case is finished in an antique finish. 8 day rack-strike movement with a cuckoo call on the half and full hour. Manual night shut-off.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.555208
Retrieved Text: Place the Start Clock at the start.
Place the Pre Start Clock at pre Start.
Turn on the Start Clock. Turn on the Pre Start clock. ON is the down position.
Turn off the displays and return the clocks so they can be re charged.
Each display has a charger, the charger connects to the socket, the switch must be in the OFF position for the charger to operate.The light is OFF when charging and comes on when the charge is complete.
The Master clock will give a warning â€˜beepâ€™ and a count down â€˜beepâ€™ to each minute when a start BEEP will sound.
The clocks are probably best placed off the ground on a small table or stand. Place the Master Clock near to the start line where it can be seen by starters and Start officials.
Following a self test display the start and pre start times will show.
The displays have rechargeableÂ batteries which should last for 7 hours use. The batteries will need to be recharged before the next use. The charger fits to the signal plug. To charge the batteries place the switch in the OFF position.
Using configuration software the Pre Start delay can be adjusted to Zero. The buzzer can be turned off. In this state both displays will show race time and the displays can be set up at the finish so finishers can see their finish time.
The clock can be adjusted for Summer Time (DST) or different Time Zones.
A PDF version of the guide is available - please ask.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.404339
Retrieved Text: Reference page 29 in your instruction manual. Normally you set the time with the volume or channel control. Turning the clock display on or off You can turn the clock display on or off. Even when the sources are off, the clock display appears on the display. Model Number of Manuals 1 manual 2 manuals 2 manuals 2 manuals 1 manual 2 manuals 2 manuals 2 manuals 2 manuals 2 manuals 2 manuals 2 manuals 2 manuals 2 manuals 1 manual 2 manuals 2 manuals 2 manuals 1 manual 1 manual 2 manuals 2 manuals 2 manuals 2 manuals 1 manual 1 manual 2 manuals 2 manuals 2 manuals 2 manuals 2 manuals 1 manual 2 manuals 2 manuals 2 manuals 2 manuals 2 manuals 2 manuals 2 manuals 2 manuals 1 manual 2 manuals 2 manuals 1 manual 2 manuals 2 manuals 2 manuals 2 manuals 2 manuals 1 manual. If the off clock display is turned on, the clock appears on the display when the sources are off. Turn the Multi-Control until the first segment of the time shows the appropriate digit.
Try this: Adjusting initial settings Using the initial settings, you can customize various system settings to achieve optimal performance from this unit. Setting the clock Use these instructions to set the clock. Hour—Minute As you select segments of the clock display, the selected segment blinks. Instead of turning the Multi-Control, you can also pushing it up or down. To turn the off clock display Cheers! Repeat the press and turn of the Multi-Control

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.963562
Retrieved Text: Nanda manufactures the Clocky alarm clock to wake people who press the snooze button more than once and do not get up on time. This unusual alarm clock has wheels that turn so the clock rolls off the nightstand or counter and across the floor while the alarm is sounding. The sleeping person has to get out of the bed to find the clock and turn the alarm off.
Insert a small screwdriver into the screw on the battery compartment at the rear of the clock. Turn the screwdriver counterclockwise to loosen and remove the screw. Swing the battery compartment door open on its hinges. Insert four AAA batteries with the positive ends facing the "+" signs in the compartment. Close the battery compartment, insert the screw and turn it clockwise to lock the door.
Press the "t" button once to set the current time. Press the "h" button to set the hour and the "m" button to set the minutes. Each press of the button advances one increment in hours and minutes. Press the "t" button to save the correct time in the clock and exit the screen.
Press the "a" button to set the alarm time. Press the "h" button to set the hour and the "m" button to set the minutes. Press the "a" button to record the alarm time and exit the screen.
Press the "a" button quickly two times to set the snooze time. Press the "m" button to set the snooze time from zero to nine minutes. Press the "a" button to record the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.94714
Retrieved Text: Aretha Franklin "A Natural Woman" 45 rpm Record Clock, with off-white vinyl number decals to coordinate with the label, encased in a wall clock with a plastic frame and a glass cover. A ONE OF A KIND item, hand made from an UNPLAYABLE repurposed vinyl record. I only post the actual clock listed, so any markings, scratches or scuffs seen in the photos is what you will get!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.907232
Retrieved Text: Turns off the clock display in the mode screen.
The ClockOff command turns off the clock display at the bottom of the mode screen on the TI-84+/SE calculators. You can turn the clock back on by using the ClockOn command, or by selecting 'TURN CLOCK ON' ,displayed in place of the clock on the mode screen.
The ClockOff command does not actually turn the clock off. The time can still be accessed through use of the getTime and getDate commands, and all their cousins.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.88405
Retrieved Text: The screen backlight will turn on automatically at night , making it easy to read in the darkness. And will close automatically during the day, you can touch any button to turn on the backlight.
Alarm clock turn over night light, press two buttons to adjust the brightness of the light.LED lights can be adjusted to meet your different brightness needs.
When the alarm goes off, shaking the clock and it will enter the snooze mode, the clock will ring again after 5 mins.
Dual alarms for two separate awake time, bid farewell to repeat settings, weekdays or weekends alarm clock switch freely. No longer worried about lateing for work and enjoy your holiday.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.848583
Retrieved Text: Description :Multi-Function Clock Night Light could work with external power supply, via the usb cable. USB MAGNET DOCK. also a lift handle and a fix-helper which might be attached on the body itself. ENERGY-SAVE SYSTEM & NO-BOTHERING FLARE，GRAVITY SENSOR INSIDE&SPECIALLY SIMPLE USE, just overturn the light body (turn on the lamp) and roll over it (turn off lamp/turn on digital display screen).
Multi-Function Clock Night Light could work with external power supply, via the usb cable.
USB MAGNET DOCK: also a lift handle and a fix-helper which might be attached on the body itself.
ENERGY-SAVE SYSTEM & NO-BOTHERING FLARE: The digital display screen will be turned off automatically, if you leave it without any further action for 10 seconds.
GRAVITY SENSOR INSIDE&SPECIALLY SIMPLE USE: understands your every motion, just overturn the light body (turn on the lamp) and roll over it (turn off lamp/turn on digital display screen).
Warm White Light: the light temperature of Multi-Function Clock Night Light is specially controlled under 4000K to avoid of potential Blue-light hazard and no dazzling when lighting, Multi-Function Clock Night Light cares you at night with warm always.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.842001
Retrieved Text: (01-09-2015, 04:43 PM)sumzzzs Wrote: " Might of found the answer in "Beginners Guide to Sleepyhead: RobySue being author? It states that these PR system one clocks internally are off the author's being 23 min. Mine is about the same, so I should leave that clock setting at 0 correct?
I don't think that's correct. If your clock is off by 23 minutes you need to set the clock drift in Sleepyhead to 23 x 60 = 1380 seconds (same as RobySue in that SH thread). In the latest version 0.9.8-1 you can use hours, minutes & seconds. You can also set negative and positive values depending on whether the CPAP clock is running fast or slow.
To establish if your clock has drifted, turn the machine on at a very specific time (eg 10:00pm exactly) so you have a base time to calibrate to. (Or turn it off at a very specific time, works just as well).
I just don't look at the data, so no problem for me.
That is some great advice DeepBreathing that's exactly what I will do tonight. So if my CPAP clock is ahead than I use a negative value?
Pick some time when it's convenient and you're masked up. Make a note of the time and then do something that will show up in the data.
I will just hold my breath for 5 or 10 seconds, take a few deep breaths, repeat 3 times.
You can also just take the mask off and let the air blow for a few seconds and repeat 3 times.
You can

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.815622
Retrieved Text: "What Is The Best Clock Movement To Learn Clock Repair On?"
"The next time it chimes multiple times turn the hour hand clockwise until it is pointing..."
"The next time it gongs multiple times turn the hour hand clockwise until it is pointing at..."
"The next time it gongs simply open the door and take the dial nut off and remove the..."
"The longer the pendulum the slower the clock will run, so you will need to lengthen it...."
"You can find them on eBay too. http://stores.ebay.com/Vintage-Clock-Parts/Clock-Dials-/..."
"This link works for most Hermle clock movements. Fix Clock That Gongs Wrong"
"I would take it to a clock repair shop. UsedClockParts.com"
"You can speed up or slow down the clock by adjusting the length of the pendulum. This link..."

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.590384
Retrieved Text: The alarm clock that turns off when you yell at it. Your alarm clock screams at you in the morning. Well, now you can scream right back at it. Introducing Sleep Blaster, the very first voice-activated alarm clock. Now you really can yell at your alarm clock to turn it off. Sleep Blaster can also wake you up at a geographical location. Simply draw any line or shape on a map, and the alarm will go off as soon as you cross that line. Now you can fall asleep on that train without having to worry about missing your stop. Or take a quick nap in the car knowing you'll be awake when you're halfway there. (Just be sure you're not the one driving...) Sleep Blaster wakes you up to the sound of your own music. But what if you're the type of person that needs an explosion to wake you up? Sleep Blaster can do that, too: just enable Dynamite Mode, and it will blast your sleep away! Features: Ã??? DIGITAL CLOCK Beautiful digital clock to set on your bedside at night. Ã??? ALARM CLOCK Wake up at a specific time, or at a specific place. Yell at your alarm clock to turn it off! (This feature can be disabled for a more traditional wakeup method.) Sleep Blaster also tells you how long you'll have to sleep when you're setting the alarm. Ã??? SLEEP TIMER Fall asleep either to the sound of your own music, or to the built-in ocean wave generator.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.547575
Retrieved Text: We’ve all heard the legendary story of Cinderella, but now you have the chance to witness the famous fairytale in a ballet. April 12-14, BalletMet presents Cinderella at the Ohio Theatre.
On April 12 at 11 a.m., there will be a dress rehearsal performance for senior citizens. The tickets for the senior citizen dress rehearsal start at $25.
Ticket prices start at $29 for the 8 p.m. performances of Cinderella on April 12-13. On April 13-14, there will be a 2 p.m. performance with tickets starting at $51.
There will be a special event on April 12 from 6-7:30 p.m. at the Sheraton Columbus Capitol Square, where guests will have the opportunity to Dine with the Artists before the 8 p.m. performance. If you just wish to have dinner, tickets start at $70. If you would like the dinner and performance package deal, tickets start at $130.
Click here to purchase tickets for the multiple shows and experiences. And don’t wait until midnight, the clock is ticking!
The original costumes were created by Judanna Lynn, a well-known customer designer in the U.S.
There is a total of 400 individual pieces with a total of around 150 different looks. Patrons can enjoy whimsical aspects like floral attachments and pastel colors throughout the wardrobe of the entire cast.
There is also a bit of comedy within the costumes. For example, the stepsister’s show their laziness by not being fully dressed at the beginning of the performance.
Lynn designed Cinderella’s rags outfit with the perfect mixture of light, distressed and dingy fabrics. For the ball though, the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.479933
Retrieved Text: With an Apple iPhone by your side, there's never again a reason to miss an important appointment or to sleep in late. Apple iOS 8 comes with an alarm clock built into the Clock app. You can set the alarm time, select a wake-up tune, and specify which days the alarm should go off. Set up different alarms for different days, like weekdays and weekends, or use separate alarms for important reminders.
Turn an alarm on or off simply by tapping the toggle.
Tap the "Clock" icon on the iPhone home screen. If you have a lot of apps or folders, drag your finger down from the center of the home screen and type "clock" in the Spotlight Search field to quickly find it.
Tap the "Alarm" icon at the bottom of the Clock screen. Tap the "+" icon at the top to add a new alarm.
Drag the tumblers to change the alarm time.
Drag the tumblers up or down to set the time for the alarm. Don't forget the "AM" or "PM." Note that the Repeat, Label, Sound and Snooze options are also on this screen.
Select the days you want the alarm to repeat.
Tap the "Repeat" option and select which days you want the alarm to go off. Check marks beside each day indicate when the alarm will sound. Tap "Back."
Select the "Label" option to change the alarm name. This can be helpful if you plan to set more than one alarm on your iPhone. Tap "Back."
Tap the "Sound" option to change the alarm souind. When you tap any

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.47474
Retrieved Text: How to program the Woods 50015 Outdoor Digital timer. From the manufacturer’s printed instruction manual.
Charge the Battery: Plug the timer into wall outlet for 10 minutes to charge internal battery. Note: You can then unplug the timer from the wall outlet and comfortably hold it in your hand to program the timer.
Clear the Memory: Press the R button with a toothpick to erase any previous settings.
To Set the Current Time: Press and hold the CLOCK button. At the same time, press the HOUR and MINUTE button as many times as necessary to advance the display to the correct time. Hold down the DAY button until the display shows the correct day.
Press the PROG button once to display the first ON/OFF setting “1 ON -:–“.
Press the MINUTE and HOUR buttons as necessary to set the ON time you want. To change from AM to PM toggle 12 times.
Press the DAY button as necessary to choose the day or group of days you want for the time setting.
Press the PROG button again to display the second ON/OFF setting “1 OFF —“.
Repeat the procedure to create the OFF setting. Repeat Steps 1 thru 5 for additional ON/OFF settings. Press the CLOCK button to exit program setting mode.
Review On/Off Settings: It is important to review all 20 settings, even if you only used a few, to make sure there are not extra, unintended settings. Press the PROG button (hold down to scroll) until the display cycles through all 20 ON/OFF pairs. Stop on any setting you want to remove or

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.448975
Retrieved Text: • Save $2.00 when you purchase 1 or more. Enter code HAOV8NUR at checkout.
• Simple settings: Just slide and press, you can complete all the settings.
• Convertible ℉ & ℃, 12HR & 24HR with simple operation.
• Compact size, enough to be practical at home as a desk clock, shelf clock and home clocks.
• Whole size of a palm and it battery powered, it can be stashed in bag when travel, and that the sensor light gives off soft light makes you find it out easily.
• Dual alarms for two separate awake time.
• When alarm is activated, the clock sounds beep for 60 seconds in a crescendo and will be reactivated 8 minutes later.
• It can be optional from MON-FRI, MON-SAT, MON-SUN. • Alarm will be automatically off at weekend, makes you enjoy your holiday, no to be late for school/work/party in business days.
• Turn on the senor, when you turn your light off at night, you can see what time it is and doesn’t make the room so dark.
• If you think the light is a bit bright, you may also turn off the sensor, the screen is lighting only when you press “SNOOZE/LIGHT” button at the top.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.397318
Retrieved Text: Atomic Alarm Clock - Set your alarm clock and replace your standard tray clock using different skins. Alert yourself about important events with different alarms and replace your computer tray clock using different skins. Computer Alarm Clock that will play any MP3 file. It can also run a program, log off, reboot, shut down, or turn off. Atomic Alarm Clock is also an atomic-time synchronizer and advanced replacement for Windows tray clock. Over 130 skins are included in the distribution. It is supported by Longhorn clock style. This program includes multilingual interface support (20 languages)! This completely customizable application is built into your personal PC.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.334562
Retrieved Text: Your final defence against "sleeping in"
How many times have you woken up late and blamed your alarm clock? You discover that you’ve turned off the alarm while half asleep! This happens all too often because the snooze button turns itself off and we fall back to sleep.
puZZed is an alarm clock for BlackBerry that is meant to eliminate this problem. Once your alarm goes off, puZZed will present you with a puzzle to solve before you can turn off that annoying alarm. puZZed will ensure you exercise your brain, forcing you to think clearly before you can turn it off. You’d better wake up, the puzzles will be impossible to solve if you’re still asleep! Once the alarm sounds, you will need to successfully solve the puzzle to turn it off and, before you know it, you’ll be wide awake. Simply insert the time you want to wake up into the app and switch it on – puZZed will help to ensure you never wake up late again!
puZZed is available exclusively for BlackBerry!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.272486
Retrieved Text: Infertility is a disease of the reproductive system and impacts men and women equally. Recent studies estimate that about 1 in 6 child-bearing aged couples in the United States suffer from infertility. Evaluating the states served the most by MCRM Fertility (Missouri, Illinois, Oklahoma, Kentucky, Kansas and Arkansas), it is estimated that approximately 715, 000 women of child-bearing age suffer from a form of infertility.
Knowing the time of one's individual " Biological Clock" is very important. This is easily determined through simple evaluation. Fertility screening is highly recommended for ALL women aged 20 and older who wish to bear children.
The "Biological Clock" refers to the concept of "ovarian reserve" or simply the total number of follicles one has left on the ovaries.
A woman has the MOST eggs she will ever have when she is in her mother's uterus at about 20 weeks of pregnancy. (i.e. roughly 20 weeks before she is even born). There is approximately a total of seven million immature eggs at this time. The eggs are continuously being lost from that point on, even though there is no menses. The number of eggs a woman has at birth will have reduced to approximately two million. By the time a woman has her first menstrual cycle, on average at age 11-12 years, she has lost approximately 75% or more of the total number of eggs she started with leaving an estimated 400,000 eggs in the ovaries. From that point on, every menstrual cycle, if the cycles are regular, the woman produces a group of

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.271908
Retrieved Text: Circles turns your device into an exceptional timepiece. Designed in the pursuit of clarity, beauty and precision, Circles is one of the most iconic smartwatch faces of all times.
Please note that for the functions alarm clock and timer it is necessary to keep the app open for the ringtone to be heard.
Fixed bug in alarm clock.
I enjoy the aspect of space-time, and so the watches various other clocks covers in a quick glance of time in relationship with the stars, the moon, and interval measurements. In this regard I decided to download this a second time. However, I withhold one star in support of fellow reviews concerning some functionality issues and most importantly the lack of feedback from the developers. For myself, I will check in on the reviews to see whether the customer response issue has improved. I personally value customer service feedback and if the team has improved in that area I will award the app five stars. Therefore with, in support of fellow customer reviews I will delete the app into my don't deal with this company category. Customer service does matter. Otherwise, thank you for your teams efforts into creating a fun app providing glances into time.
Great Clock! Except Alarm Doesn't Work!
This would get 5 stars, if it was supported. I love the many faces of this clock, especially the Sunrise/Sunset, and the Solar System dials.
But without any way to contact the developers, I have no idea how to make the alarm clock work, and can't find out, either.
Update: A couple of

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.167889
Retrieved Text: Alert yourself about important events with different alarms and replace your computer tray clock using different skins. Computer Alarm Clock that will play any MP3 file. It can also run a program, log off, reboot, shut down, or turn off. Atomic Alarm Clock is also an atomic-time synchronizer and advanced replacement for Windows tray clock. Over 130 skins are included in the distribution. It is supported by Longhorn clock style. This program includes multilingual interface support! This computer alarm clock is built into your personal PC and completely customizable. Now for Vista.
- Time tracking is the process of recording the time that you or employees work on various projects or tasks for your customers, your company, or yourself.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.011238
Retrieved Text: By default, Always-on display button is included in Galaxy S9 quick setting buttons as shown in the screenshot below.
As explained in this guide, you can swipe downwards twice from the status bar, or swipe down with two fingers to access quick setting buttons.
Alternatively, you can swipe down from the notification panel to access quick setting buttons.
To turn on or turn off Galaxy S9 always-on display (AOD), you just need to tap the button.
Please note, if you tap and hold (long tap) the button, you will be directed to the corresponding AOD settings page (read on).
The traditional way to turn on, turn off and customize the Galaxy S9 always-on display (AOD) is through Galaxy S9 Settings.
As shown below, you can tap lock screen and security in Galaxy S9 Settings page to access always-on display settings.
Please note, AOD settings are not under display as in some other Android phones. Samsung put AOD together with lock screen because they share some customizations.
As shown in the screenshot above, you can find the Always on display entry in lock screen and security page.
If you just want to turn on or turn off AOD on Galaxy S9 or S9+, you just tap the switch on the right side (marked as A).
If you tap Always on display (marked as B), you will then access Galaxy S9 always-on display settings.
The quickest way to turn on and turn off Galaxy S9 always-on display is to use your voice (Bixby Voice) if you did not disable Bixby Voice on Galaxy S9 or S9+.
You can wake up

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.992027
Retrieved Text: > “SIM CLOCK STOP ALLOWED” which is supposidly allows FREE SMS to be sent.
1. turn our phone off.
2. turn it on and enter your pin.
3. enter *#746025625# 4. now “SIM CLOCK STOP ALLOWED” will be displayed.
have to reenter this code!!!
was curoius of it working etc.. ??

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.895723
Retrieved Text: Sleep Cycle – Turn Your iPhone Into a Sleep-tracking Device.
If you’re like me, waking up in the morning can be challenging. Hearing my loud alarm go off in the AM sometimes scares me to death and other times I can’t hear it at all. So how can this problem be solved? There’s an app for that!
Sleep Cycle is a Swiss-made iPhone app that offers a new approach to the way we wake up. During the night, we drift back and forth between light and deep sleep cycles; the key to feeling rested and relaxed is to wake up during the light sleep phase. The Sleep Cycle App claims to be able to help you do just that.
Placed under your pillow, Sleep Cycle uses a sensor called accelerometer that lets your mobile device track your movements throughout the night. Since your movement during sleep varies between the different stages of sleep, Sleep Cycle is able to track what stage of sleep you are in. As you approach the light sleep phase it will gently wake you up. It even lets you use your own mp3 music as a wake up tune. Just remember to charge your phone during the night as the app is constantly working and may drain your battery.
Do you use Sleep Cycle already – tell us how well it works for you.
Author aserokinPosted on June 8, 2011 May 21, 2014 Categories Alarm Clocks, Better Sleep, Uncategorized10 Comments on Sleep Cycle – Turn Your iPhone Into a Sleep-tracking Device.
Puzzle Alarm Clock – An alarm clock

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.868776
Retrieved Text: How can I make sure my employees have taken their break?
If you are looking for a way to make sure your employees are clocking in and out for their breaks, you can do this in the Settings section of your Timestation. One of the main purposes of this question is to add a column to the breaks report helping you remain compliant with GDPR.
Previously, on the Timestation, the only way to record that an employee had taken their break was to turn on “Allow employees to clock out for breaks”. This would give employees the option to clock out for their break and clock back in at the end of it. However, workers often forget to record their break times.
There is now another setting to turn the breaks question on or off!
Both settings work independently of each other.
The employee has the option to clock out for their break and will also be asked the question “Did you take your break today?" when they have finished their shift.
The employee will still have the option to clock out for their break but they will not be asked "Did you take your break today?" when they have finished their shift.
Your employees will not have the option to clock out for their breaks but they will still be asked at the end of their shift if they have taken their break.
How does this affect the Break Reports?
When you have the question switched on, there will be an additional column in the Break Report export called “Taken” which will be populated

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.81623
Retrieved Text: This Wheeled Clock is unique in that is will let you snooze for up to 9 minutes, but then it will jump off of your nightstand and wheel around your room, forcing you out of bed to turn it off.
Robotic Wheeled Alarm Clock is quite sophisticated in that can jump from up to 3 feet , move on both wooden and carpeted floors, and its alarm system beeps in a random pattern, which will surely lure you out of bed.
The item is fiddly to use and is NOT a Clocky (TM) as claimed but a knock-off 'Robotic Wheeled Alarm Clock'; no wonder it was half the price of a Clocky as advertised. It may be a good-enough product but I feel I was conned.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.775433
Retrieved Text: Q?I just sent in my clock for repairs but I still have not received any updates?
We practice a first come first served system in Siew Cheong Clocks to avoid any disputes and be fair to all parties. Spoiled clocks are usually scheduled to be taken from our showrooms to our Headquarter on Thursday every week.
The clock will then be assessed by our technicians for any damages and defects. After assessment, our technical team will contact you via phone/e-mail/text to update what needs to be done. This process will usually take about 10-14 working days depending on the queue and also the original damage on the clock.
Q?My grandfather clock weights are not falling evenly. What should I do?
1. How the weights power your grandfather. The weight on the right powers the chimes, the weight on the left powers the hour strike and the center weight powers the pendulum (which regulates the time shown by the hour and minute hands.) On each swing of the pendulum, the pendulum weight drops. When the minute hand reaches the quarter hour, the clock chimes, and the right weight drops. And finally, on the top of the hour, the chimes trip a lever, the clock strikes the correct hour and left weight drops.
3. The right and left weights refuse to drop. Here, the pendulum is swinging and the clock hands are moving, but the chime is not operating. And as shown above, if the chime is not operating, the strike will not operate either! First thing to check is whether the chime

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.727556
Retrieved Text: When time meets colour, we think it's glorious.
Housed in a bright pink colour and sleek rubberised cube and designed with the ingenious touch sensitive snooze and gravity controlled alarm,the new Gravity Green Cube Click Clock can make your every minute in bed matter.To snooze simply touch the soft top of this cube and to turn off the alarm, just turn it over onto any side. It's a great way to stop you fumbling in the dark looking for the snooze or off switch and make your every morning start with fun.
This Gravity Green Cube Click Clock still incorporates the same sound activated LED display technology as our other click clock ranges and it displays the time, date and temperature alternately at the click of your fingers or clap of your hands. When you need to check the time in the dark, just give a gentle tap of your bedside table or simple click of your fingers, the time will instantly appear for you and switch off automatically when you don't need it.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.723843
Retrieved Text: Get off at the exit for Route 78 West. Travel west and get off at Exit # 40: Rt. 531 - The Plainfields, Gillette & Watchung. You will come to a STOP sign. Turn right onto Hillcrest Rd (Rt. 531N). Go 1 mile to a four-way STOP sign and blinking light. Bear to the left through the intersection and continue on Rt. 531N for ½ mile to traffic light. Turn left onto Valley Road. Go through 3 traffic lights and at the 4th light, turn right onto Main Avenue. Continue until you go over the railroad tracks. The entrance to St. Vincent de Paul Church will be on your right. Keep going around the building and the entrance to the school is on the left at the flagpole. The Parish Center entrance is at the clock tower.
Exit at # 36: Basking Ridge & Warrenville to light and turn left. Go through 2 traffic lights. At 3rd traffic light turn right (White Baptist Church on corner) onto Route 512 East / Valley Road. Continue for 2 miles to 1st traffic light. Turn left onto Main Avenue. Continue until you go over the railroad tracks. The entrance to St. Vincent de Paul Church will be on your right. Keep going around the building and the entrance to the school is on the left at the flagpole. The Parish Center entrance is at the clock tower.
Take Exit #30A - North Maple Avenue & Basking Ridge. Come over Route 287. You are now on North Maple Avenue. * Go through

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.666613
Retrieved Text: If you don’t want to miss an important meeting or you just want to be awake at a particular time, you really need to know how to set alarm clock on Samsung Galaxy Note 5.
I am going to show you the easy steps to set alarm clock on Samsung Galaxy Note 5, you will also discover how to edit and delete the alarm clock. Other features like stopwatch will be covered in this guide. Before I begin, if you don’t know how to mirror your Samsung and TV, you can find out how to connect Samsung Galaxy Note 5 to TV.
Alright, let us begin with the issue at hand.
You can set the Time you want the alarm to sound. It could be AM/PM.
There is also the Alarm Repeat which you can select if you want the alarm to repeat itself.
Then you can Snooze, simple toggle the option to turn it on or off.
Lastly, you can set a Name for a particular alarm.
You can turn off the alarm on Samsung Galaxy Note 5 by simply touching the alarm, then swipe the red “X” to turn it off.
If you want to delete an alarm, just access the alarm menu, touch and hold the alarm that no longer has a use. Delete! You can now see how easy it is to set alarm on Samsung Galaxy Note 5 and S6 Edge. I hope this helps.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.649876
Retrieved Text: To turn-off Openmoko's display blanking, add disable=1 to the <nowiki>[odeviced.idlenotifier]</nowiki> section of /etc/frameworkd.conf (in [[SHR]]). The device will need to be attached to a charger while acting as a clock, because it keeps the screen powered.
You may need to set screen brightness to minimum in Openmoko's settings, to prevent the 'black' regions of screen from being too bright. Even at minimum brightness, black is still very bright in a darkened room.
When an Openmoko is sitting unused at night, turn it into an alarm clock with large 7-segment digits on a black background in landscape mode.
This differs from the regular clock in that it's intended to be readable from a distance or with unfocused eyes, similar to commercial LED alarm clocks.
Since it's not limited to a single-colour display, it can do a few neat things like changing colour to signify the hour before an alarm, or hue changing through night, or gradually brightening the whole display to simulate a dawn and provide gradual wake-up.
Carlo Minucci and Jakob Heusinger are working on the packaging, and an .opkg should be available soon.
Touch the right side of the screen to scroll through the 'menu' pages. It will automatically return to normal clock mode if you don't press anything for 5 seconds.
Main page Touch anywhere to get to the menus Can someone tell me how to turn off the screensaver while this is running?
Colour Touch the screen to select a colour for the display List of colours is defined in an array "self.colours"
Options Touch any option to toggle it Use 'rotate'

================



======= Instance Index 14 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Peterson, shall we go and dance?

M: OK. But wait a minute. I've just finished my homework, Let me put it in my desk first.

Question: What has Peterson just finished? 

- He has just cleaned his desk.

- He has just finished dancing with his friend.

- He has just finished his homework.

Target Text: He has just finished his homework.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.702034
Retrieved Text: Peterson suffered a torn meniscus in Week 2 against the Packers, likely out months.
The misfortune just keeps on coming for the snake-bitten Vikings. Seemingly having steadied the ship after losing Teddy Bridgewater to a catastrophic knee injury, running back Adrian Peterson has been diagnosed with a torn meniscus. He is expected to have surgery Thursday. Peterson underwent an MRI on Monday to evaluate the extent of a knee injury he suffered on Sunday Night Football against the Green Bay Packers, and the tests revealed the tear.
#Vikings RB Adrian Peterson has told @FitzBeatSr & @JosinaAnderson he’s having his meniscus repaired — not trimmed. Would mean out months.
Originally, it was thought that the injury might not be as bad as it looked. Peterson’s wife said Monday that he was already walking without assistance. Vikings head coach Mike Zimmer went so far as to say it was possible Peterson could play Sunday against the Carolina Panthers. He explained that Peterson’s injury had “calmed down” and said he was unsure how much time Peterson might miss, if any.
According to ESPN’s Josina Anderson, however, Peterson suffered a “bucket handle tear” of the meniscus. The expected recovery time following surgery is a minimum of three to four months. It could, however, take as long as six months for a full recovery.
#Vikings RB Adrian Peterson told me he's planning to have surgery on Thurs to repair his meniscus. He's "doing it with faith and optimism."
When the future Hall of Fame running back was taken out the 17-14 win over the Packers, he was

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.15982
Retrieved Text: The Vikings (2-0) lost Adrian Peterson to a knee injury but they beat the Packers 17-14 in the first regular season game at U.S. Bank Stadium Sunday night.
Peterson left the game late in the third quarter and didn&apos;t return. Peterson was clearly in pain and he couldn&apos;t put any weight on his right leg.
Peterson had just 19 yards on 12 carries. He&apos;ll undergo an MRI on Monday, although head coach Mike Zimmer said in his postgame press conference that Peterson "might miss a week."
Minnesota trailed Green Bay 7-0 in the second quarter before Sam Bradford, making his first start, connected with tight end Kyle Rudolph on a 8-yard touchdown pass. The scoring strike happened just a few plays after Bradford suffered an ugly bruise to his left hand.
Bradford finished 22-31 for 286 yards and 2 touchdowns. His favorite target was Stefon Diggs, who finished with 9 catches for an eye-popping 182 yards and a touchdown.
The Packers had chances to take the lead in the final quarter but Aaron Rodgers lost a fumble and threw an interception to Trae Waynes to help seal Minnesota&apos;s win.
Up next: Vikings are at the Carolina Panthers next Sunday for a noon kickoff.
Adrian Peterson was injured but the Sam Bradford to Stefon Diggs connection was on point.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.185377
Retrieved Text: Recently a friend recommended that I read A Long Obedience in the Same Direction by Eugene Peterson. The book isn’t directed specifically towards pastors. Peterson writes for all Christians, urging them to press on in faithful, ordinary discipleship. However, as a regular pastor I loved the insights I found in Peterson’s book. Before I finished A Long Obedience I got online and ordered just about everything else Peterson wrote.
I know Peterson is a polarizing figure among pastors and theologians. I realize many laugh at the notion that The Message is a “translation.” I know the outrage that erupted at Peterson’s response to a question about gay marriage. I understand that many are uncomfortable with Peterson’s bent toward ecumenism.
I’m not championing everything Peterson wrote, said, preached, or stood for. However, his writing has struck a chord with me – a regular pastor.
More recently I’ve read through The Pastor, Peterson’s memoir. Towards the end of this self-reflective work, Peterson gives a remarkable description of church in America.
“The religious culture of America that I was surrounded with dismayed me on both counts. Worship had been degraded into entertainment. And community had been depersonalized into programs.
I love Peterson because he helps Christians and pastors see ourselves as we truly are. He helps us see things that are so prevalent and so common, we instinctively take them for granted as normal and right. He exposes our churches and our ministries as cheap, consumeristic, and market driven.
Peterson also gives us permission to be regular. We don’t have to measure “success” with the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.178782
Retrieved Text: Drew Peterson, former Bolingbrook police sergeant, was slammed in the closing statements of the prosecution.
This was the first of the closing statements of the five-week murder trial. Peterson is accused of first-degree murder in Savio’s death.
Savio was found dead in the bathtub in her suburban Chicago home in 2004. Her death was initially ruled an accident, but was later ruled a homicide following the 2007 disappearance of Peterson’s fourth wife, Stacy Peterson.
Although Drew Peterson still remains a suspect in the Stacy Peterson case, he has not yet been charged in her disappearance.
Defense attorney Joe Lopez is expected to focus on the lack of evidence in the case and provide reasonable doubt that Savio’s death was even a homicide.
This morning, the prosecution finished its closing statements but will have a chance for retaliation after the defense’s closing argument.
Drew Peterson has pleaded not guilty to first-degree murder. If convicted, he faces up to 60 years in prison.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.79644
Retrieved Text: I went out this evening. On my way home, as is my custom, I gave my mom a call. Usually my dad is asleep&#185. Tonight he was not.
The three of us talked for a while. My dad has a cold; he didn’t stay on long.
After all the small talk was out of the way my mom asked if I had seen the verdict? I had not. The verdict in the Scott Peterson&#178 trial was rendered this afternoon.
We had been having an early dinner whe it was scheduled to be announced. Originally I asked Helaine and Steffie if they’d mind me turning the TV on. Then I realized it wouldn’t make much difference to me whether I heard it as it happened or caught it later. I didn’t have any serious doubt that I would hear it a thousand times.
My mom and I talked about how evil Scott Peterson was and then she started to tell me about the jury. They were “eloquent,” she said, though my father came up with another word which seemed more appropriate at the time.
My mom was right. They were eloquent.
I have just finished watching some of the Q&A with three of the jurors. I have no idea if they are a representative sample of the pool in general. I do know if there was a trial whose outcome affected me, I’d like these people in the jury box.
It seemed as if they had taken their duty seriously. They wanted to play fairly – by the rules. They understood that the eyes

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.736849
Retrieved Text: Peterson and Gosselin Up from Cincinnati · Let's Go Amerks!
The Rochester Americans announced two moves on Monday afternoon by assigning forward Judd Peterson and defenseman Kurt Gosselin to Rochester from Cincinnati. The Amerks return to practice Tuesday morning at which time more information will be known on the reasons for the moves.
Gosselin was signed by Rochester on March 13 through the 2019/2020 season and was assigned to Cincinnati. In his first seven professional games with the Cyclones he has 7 points (5G+2A).
The Sabres called up Lawrence Pilut on Sunday and left the Amerks without any extra defensemen which is a possible reason for the move.
Judd Peterson has played in 48 games with the Cyclones and has 28 points (11G+17A). Peterson has played in four American League games with Rochester, two this season, two last season, and is still looking for a bigger chance to play at this level.
Rochester Americans General Manager Randy Sexton announced today that the team has recalled forward Judd Peterson and defensemen Kurt Gosselin from the Cincinnati Cyclones.
Peterson, 24, earns his second recall of the season after notching 28 points (11+17) in 48 games with the Cyclones this season. The 6-foot-0, 193-pound forward made his Amerks season debut in January, scoring his first AHL goal over a two-game stint with Rochester.
In four career games with Rochester, Peterson has one goal and six shots.
Prior to turning pro, Peterson concluded a four-year collegiate career at St. Cloud State University (NCHC), where he finished with 65 points (37+28) in 151 games with the Huskies. During the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.716091
Retrieved Text: We have our second opening in the West Region with today’s announcement that Keely Peterson has stepped down after 3-years as the ETBU volleyball coach. According to the announcement Coach Peterson and her husband (who was also an ETBU employee) have decided to move to Houston to pursue a job outside of college athletics.
The announcement indicated that Coach Peterson had won 39 matches during her three years but I have that number as 40 and since mine is larger, I say we go with that number. The Tigers had their best finish under Peterson in 2016 when they ended up 3rd in the ASC Tournament. This past season, the team won 14 matches and finished second in the ASC East.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.53967
Retrieved Text: The men’s and women’s squads look to finish better than last year’s third place result.
The men’s and women’s cross country teams will race at a golf course in New Orleans on Thursday for the American Athletic Conference Cross Country Championships, which Tulane will host for the first time.
Temple University hosted the conference championship last year at Belmont Plateau in West Philadelphia. Both teams placed third to record their best finishes in program history in The American. This year, they’re hoping to win.
Connecticut will look to defend its women’s title, while Tulsa’s men’s team looks to win its fifth straight conference title. Southern Methodist’s women’s team enters the conference meet ranked No. 3 in the U.S. Track & Field and Cross Country Coaches Association South Central Region. Only top-5 nationally ranked University of Arkansas and the University of Texas, which received votes in the most recent coaches poll, are ranked higher than SMU.
The American’s women’s teams will start the day with a 6,000-meter race at 11 a.m. Then the men’s teams will run an 8,000-meter race at 11:50 a.m.
The Temple News asked several American Athletic Conference coaches about Thursday’s race and how they’re preparing their teams for the course.
The race will be at The Golf Course at Audubon Park, which has never been used for a cross country meet of this significance before, Tulane coach Eric Peterson said, making its debut special for the conference championships.
“It’s a beautiful park, and just like all of New Orleans it’s very flat and there aren’t many hills,” Peterson added.
Although Tulane

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.454609
Retrieved Text: Statistically speaking, running back Adrian Peterson turned in a historic 2018 campaign. After signing a one-year deal following a season-ending injury to rookie Derrius Guice, Peterson carried the ball more than he had since 2015 and racked up 1,042 yards to go along with seven rushing touchdowns. In doing so, the 33-year-old Peterson became the oldest 1,000-yard rusher since the 1980s, when former Redskins great John Riggins accomplished the feat in 1984.
But in talking with Redskins.com on Monday afternoon, shortly after re-signing a multi-year deal with the team, Peterson downplayed last year's gaudy totals.
"I feel like last year was just a decent season, like for me in my mind," Peterson said. "People were like, 'Wow, you did incredible, you had 1,000 yards.' And I'm like, 'Man, I should have had 15, 16 hundred yards.'"
Peterson has never felt like he's had something to prove, though he admitted it has felt that way recently based on some people believing that he's too old to produce like a featured back. Well, Peterson silenced those doubters to the tune of 4.2 yards per carry on 251 rushing attempts, and he cannot wait to build on that success in what should be a loaded backfield in 2019.
"Just coming back and being able to produce and help this team win a championship," Peterson said when asked about what he's focused on entering the upcoming season. "Be a great leader, not only by how I work but vocally as well. Just come in and have a way better season than I had last

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.983034
Retrieved Text: Do You Know of Jordan Peterson?
Thanks to several emails from my friend who sees the world somewhat differently than I, here is an article by Caitlin Flanagan published Aug 9, 2018 in The Atlantic that he encouraged me to read. I pass it on to MillersTime readers as I start to explore more about what this man, Jordan Peterson, has to say.
I find the title and some of what Flanagan writes to focus perhaps too heavily on the “Left” in our political world when I gather Peterson is also warning the “Right” at the same time.
Let me know if you explore Peterson’s writing, podcasts, etc., and what you think about what he has to say.
I suspect many of you have seen a partial eclipse (of the sun). But most of you probably haven’t seen a full eclipse. I haven’t.
And I hadn’t planned to stay in Kansas City where I am as I write this (‘helping’ my daughter and son-in-law celebrate the birth of their second child). Specifically, my wife and I had planned to return to home to DC on Sunday, having been here a full two weeks by then.
As it turns out, Sunday is the day before the August 21 full eclipse, and the view from the Kansas City area, which, according to NASA, is in “the path of totality.” Still, my own parents had always warned me about over staying one’s welcome.
Then I read Annie Dilliard’s Classic Essay: Total Eclipse, which has just been reprinted in The Atlantic. It was first published in 1986,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.946892
Retrieved Text: Ashton Smooth Sailing - Mr Brog American Oak pipe.
Smoker’s Pride Rum in a 2003 IMP horn Meer.
Orlik Club Mixture in a 2002 IMP smooth full bend egg shaped meer. Simply Orange is my drink.
The last of my stash of Watch City Deluxe Crumb Cut in a straight black sandblast undated Savinelli Hercules 115EX pot.
Rattray's Old Gowrie in an Albin rusticated Oom Paul.
D&R VIP in a 2015 Basil Meadows smooth straight thin shank and stem with an aluminum band Bing Crosby Merchant Service replica. A bottle of Orange Nehi made with pure cane sugar is my drink.
C&D Winchester in a 1984 three quarter bend medium brown Ascorti KS Business Dublin.
Not far from finishing this bowl of Jim's Evolving Work Blend in a 2003 Stanwell Golden Danish 56 Rusticated Canadian.
Now smoking a wonderfully tasty cigar from a good friend. I'd tell you more, but then I'd have to bury you in my Paladin Black Cherry farm.
Persian slipper in a Peterson 80s.
C&D Small Batch “The Beast” in a 2003 medium bent Ural meer with a lined and etched egg shaped bowl.
Listing this a few minutes early: Smoker’s Pride Natural in my old reliable 1986 smooth Peterson Kildare 999 Rhodesian.
2003 MacBaren Golden Extra in a 1981 Ascorti Black Billiard Business with a military bit.
Player’s Navy Cut Flake in a 1984 black sandblasted straight Dunhill Shell 4103 Billiard.
Almost finished smoking Edward G. Robinson's Pipe Blend in a 1982 black sandblasted paneled slight bend Savinelli flat bottom sitter.
Just finished smoking Lane Highland Whiskey in a 2013 slight bend grain etched briar John

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.933577
Retrieved Text: Just finished my last class with Bryan Peterson and these are my last assignment photos. I got more Perfect Pictures and was thrilled. I am going to take an on site workshop with him in October on the Oregon Coast.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.931913
Retrieved Text: I think Hope Bergmark from Amador Valley could of made first team, but all the girls above went sub-18 at state.
Julia Stamps or Sarh Bei never won has a Frosh?
I checked and doesn't look like it for Stamps or Bei.
Hope Bergmark also ran sub 18:00 at state. 17:59.2.
Albert, who beat out Stamps and Bei?
Bei was beaten out by Trina Cox of Santa Rosa when she was a freshman.
Julia Stamps doesn't appear on the list at all as a freshman.
We'll have them hopefully done immediately after next weekend!
Great job to all athletes despite the not so ideal conditions.
And many blessings to the victims of the Butte Co. Fires.
Rayna unable to run FL due to illness, but would have been good to see her and Gabrielle head to head. Rayna improved most over last year after a stellar track season.
Faster time at State. Handily beat McCandless head up at both FL West and FL Natioals.
Riley Chamberlain - Girl of the year.
Best time at CIF state and earned her spot at NXN by being the #1 California girl selected (out of 5).
The rest of the Norcal girls in consideration for best runner, didn't make top 5 but still had good showing at Footlocker.
I agree Riley Chamberlain had a great season but comparing NXN vs Footlocker diminishes what both Riley and Peterson accomplished at the end of the season. Riley had the best time at CIF state but finished 5th out 5 of the California contingent at NXN. Peterson wins CIF by the largest margin solo and finishes Footlocker as

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.906233
Retrieved Text: Two-division world champion Lamont “Havoc” Peterson (35-4-1, 17KOs) will take on former IBF junior welterweight world champion Sergey “Samurai” Lipinets (14-1, 10KOs) in a 12-round welterweight matchup on Sunday, March 24 at MGM National Harbor in Maryland.
Peterson has not fought since losing to Errol “The Truth” Spence (25-0, 21KOs). The fight was stopped in the 7th round of that bout when his corner threw in the towel. He stayed in the pocket too much and tried to bang with “The Boogeyman”, and it cost him big. He took a beating. After such a long layoff, where is he mentally? How much ring rust will he have? Can he still compete at the top level of the welterweight division? Is he going to put himself back in the mix or become a gatekeeper at 147lbs? A lot of questions to be answered. This is a classic 50-50 toss up fight. If Peterson stays out of the pocket, utilizes his height and reach to his advantage, and boxes, rather than trying to brawl… he could win this fight. My biggest worry is that he took too much time off, but I hope I’m wrong.
In the other corner, Lipinets is coming off a majority decision victory over welterweight journeyman Erick Bone (22-6, 10KOs). It was his first fight at 147, and this fight a good step up in competition to gauge where he is at. Peterson did have the long layoff but he is still a quality opponent at 147lbs. Lipinets’ only loss came against Mikey Garcia (39-1, 30KOs).

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.882725
Retrieved Text: With a senior-laden roster and strong off-court friendships, the girls’ varsity basketball team is taking a familial approach this season with hopes that its improved chemistry will lead to on-court success.
“If you walked into the team room before one of our practices you might be a little overwhelmed with our energy,” said senior Nicki Yang, a third-year varsity player.
Only five weeks into the season, the team has already become a family.
Along with creating an Instagram page that has more than 460 followers, the team regularly goes out to eat, and has plans to go ice skating. They do yoga and weight training together each week and are adding mindfulness training as well.
“This is by far one of the most tight teams socially that we’ve had. They all genuinely enjoy each other’s company which is something that is such a huge contribution to being a successful team,” said head coach Diane Peterson.
The energy and positivity of each individual player has had a contagious effect on the team, resulting in a tight-knit environment that will allow the Giants to succeed, according to Yang.
Sophomore Gabby Beltran swishes a free throw against Urban High School at a tournament.
According to Peterson, the trust built in the locker room carries onto the court, leading to better communication during games. Yang said that last year the team didn’t display this level of friendship so early in the season.
“We are definitely on the right track [this year]. Last year sometimes we would play as individuals more just because of our [lack of] closeness on

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.776703
Retrieved Text: Stonehaven in an Askwith strawberry pot.
Ogden’s Walnut in a 2002 medium bend smooth Rinaldo EGEA 03 Silver line spigot 10. Have enough for one more bowl.
Comoy’s Cask #4 in a 2003 straight grain Karl Erik Ekstravagant A medium bend freehand sitter.
And so to bed in a Dunhill shell bent billiard.
Just finishing this bowl of Dunhill Elizabethan Match in a 1982 smooth straight Dunhill Root Briar 31051.
Stonehaven in a 1998 smooth medium bend Peterson Limerick 69 with a nickel band. Have enough left for one more bowl.
Just finished smoking MacBaren Symphony in a very ugly reddish color 1980 medium bend Lorenzo Leganza Sigma 8635 etched rough top. Time for pizza!
Jim's Va/Bur #1 in an early ’40s smooth straight pre-republic Peterson Sterling Canadian with a sterling silver band and a p-lip. First time smoking this new to me pipe.
Just finished smoking Edward G. Robinson's Pipe Blend in a 1980s smooth slight bend Wally Frank Dublin.
2012 Rolando’s Own in a mid-late 1930s straight black grain relief Dunhill OX Shell bulldog with a silver band repair.
Listing this early: Edgeworth Ready Rubbed Match in a 2015 Basil Meadows smooth straight thin shank and stem with an aluminum band Bing Crosby Merchant Service replica.
Just finished smoking Hayward Mixture in an early 1930s smooth straight Super Grain Kaywoodie Synchrostem Canadian 5129.
Lane 125th Anniversary in a smooth 1976 Canadian GBD Seventy Six 256.
The last of my stash of HU RaiKo ChocoLat in a 2002 IMP smooth full bend egg shaped meer.
Samuel Gawith Balkan Flake - Butz Choquin Tropic.
Wallace Flake in a Mastro de Paja

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.725206
Retrieved Text: The Vikings superstar running back Adrian Peterson may join the Dallas Cowboys, if they meet his salary demand and if the Vikings do not want him any more. But Dallas already has a $13 million price tag on Dez Bryant, and that means making more room. While Peterson has a $12.75 million salary base. And Jerry Jones will have to decide on either Murry or Bryant will stay and cut more people to get Peterson or just get Bryant and work some room for Murry. I think Jerry should try to get Murry back and still have room to get Dez in or drop both of them and get Peterson. Peterson's home is in Texas, and he'll probably take the offer to come back home. But if Jerry gives into Peterson, Dallas will have a hard time improving their defense. Coach Jason Garrett wants to stick with Murry, who led the NFL with 1,845 yards rushing, and he could be a better pick than Peterson. It all depends on what Jerry decides to do.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.685596
Retrieved Text: Peterson: I’m telling you, the data’s corrupt. It’s impossible.
Andrews: And I’m telling you that we have a signal. It’s not impossible.
Davis: Are we really doing this again?
Carr: Apparently. I’ll go put on more coffee.
Macomber: Let John have his say, but John, this is the last time. After this the issue is closed.
Andrews: We know what you’ve been saying, you just haven’t been saying anything new.
Peterson: —All I’m saying is that it can’t happen. We know this. The Hermes Satellite couldn’t have been taken three light months out.
Andrews: The signal begs to differ with you.
Peterson: It’s corrupt. It has to be.
Andrews: Nothing in the signal has turned up any kind of corruption.
Peterson: Are you blind?! Look at the degradation.
Andrews: That’s exactly the kind of signal degradation we’d expect at this distance.
Davis: It’s actually very clean for that kind of distance.
Peterson: Exactly! It’s too good. It should be more degraded when we factor in the background radiation.
Macomber: —The absence of proof is not proof. We can’t speculate that there’s a failure just because there isn’t more degradation. Until we have evidence otherwise, the signal degradation is legitimate. Now, if the signal degradation is appropriate, what are we looking at here?
Peterson: Intermittent contact. She’s in an uncontrolled tumble. That’s why Hermes isn’t responding as often as we want. It’s not until we send several signals that she happens to be in the right orientation to get the signal from us.
Carr: Might want to reconsider that. We just got photos. No blurring. No rotation at all. We even have successive

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.669073
Retrieved Text: Max Gustafson led Raider swimming back to states this year.
The sophomore is the first Shaker swimmer to qualify for the state meet since 2013. He placed 17th in the 500 yard freestyle at the state meet in Canton.
Gustafson’s success capped off a successful year for both the men’s and women’s swim teams. The Raiders sent 12 individual swimmers and five relays to districts as well as Gustafson to states.
The men’s team finished with a 8-3 record overall, with key wins over Brush and Boardman. The women’s team finished with a 6-4-1 record, including important victories over Rocky River and rival powerhouse Solon.
Both the men’s and women’s teams finished 2nd overall at the Feb. 15 sectional meet.
The month before, both teams also did well in the Jan. 3 Northeast Ohio Conference Championships, with the men’s team placing 4th and the women’s team placing 8th out of 17 schools.
Gustafson was optimistic he and the team would do well leading up to the meet.
And although Gustafson is just a sophomore, the big stage of the state meet did not intimidate him.
Senior Casey Crowley came very close to qualifying for states, finishing 5th at the sectional meet.
Head Coach Eric Peterson attributed Gustafson’s and Crowley’s success, as well that of both teams, to competing against some of the best competition in the state.
“We have been fortunate to have some wins against some quality opponents,” Peterson said. “I think joining the Northeast Ohio Conference has been the biggest help for us. It has significantly raised the level of expectations for our teams’

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.565586
Retrieved Text: Rocky Mountain Miniatures is your full service dollhouse store. Enjoy visiting us here on the Web, as well as in Georgetown, Colorado. In both locations you'll find supplies for your Miniature Gardens, Vintage Dollhouses and accessories, exquisite hand-made miniatures, tools, building supplies and kits.
Our experienced staff can help with construction and electrical questions.
Not into dollhouses? How about a Room Box, Shadow Box, Wall House, Tissue Box or treasures for your Printer's Tray? See us about refurbishing a family heirloom, or helping to finish the project that you never had time to do.
What makes us different from other Dollhouse Stores?
The owner, Jeannette Peterson, really enjoys buying entire collections. These collections will include a variety of older, one-of-a-kind, and no longer otherwise available items, opened and half-finished kits, and outstanding hand made pieces of art. All this along with some things that are just not very valuable or special (great for the young enthusiast or someone just getting started.) Combining these collections with some new and fun miniatures makes for an ever-changing, interesting, and eye-opening experience. You may see some of the things on line, or come into the store and explore all the drawers, doors, and displays.
What about the prices, you might ask? Because a lot of things are bought in a large group, this offers an opportunity to price things at or below market prices. And the open kits are a real steal. Every effort is made to insure all the pieces are included, but with an opened kit there is always a doubt, right? So

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.56294
Retrieved Text: By Caroline Peterson: Exeter Seaforth Ringette will be hosting tryouts for a U14A team.
By Caroline Peterson: Deadline March 31, 2019 Player on-line form to register your intentions for next season is on the WRRL site under WORL Deadline March 31, 2019 Best of luck in your tryouts.
By Caroline Peterson: Congratulations to the U16 team. The Seaforth Mitchell U16 team finished in 2nd place at the Niagara Falls Tournament and went on to win 3-0 in the final to take the Gold! CONGRATULATIONS!
By Caroline Peterson: Paris tournament After 3 hard fought games the U19 team came in 2nd place at the Paris tournament . They are going for Gold at 2:15pm on Feb 17.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.524948
Retrieved Text: Almost a month ago, on October 31st, Jordan Peterson was a guest at Room for Discussion at the University of Amsterdam. It is probably the biggest event Room for Discussion has held since its inception, and sparked controversy inside and outside UvA.
The only thing Peterson’s followers and opponents seem to agree upon, is to disagree. Not one slightly negative statement can be uttered in the direction of Peterson for a wall of fans to appear and defend him. They claim the statements are misrepresenting his views. That he is made out to be a boogeyman radical-right fascist while in reality, he is an enlightened super-intellectual who exposed the radical-left for what it truly is. Peterson’s mainly online community of followers sometimes shows cult-like features. They post worshiping appraisals of Peterson and insults to his adversaries, and a diversity of opinions seems nonexistent.
The result is that any serious reflection on Peterson by his followers is avoided. Although there are plenty of examples where Peterson’s views are misrepresented, this does not mean that every form of thorough questioning is an invalid critique or a misrepresentation. However, many of his followers take his words as the absolute truth, and him as an all-knowing guide. For a lot of Peterson’s followers, no form of doubt seems allowed. This is a problem, since there is enough to critique about what Peterson says and writes. For such an influential figure, the question whether Peterson has something of value to say is not asked enough.
So what does Peterson say that is of such

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.490856
Retrieved Text: Adrian Peterson is consistently one of the best running backs in football, and one of the last true bell cows in the game. Peterson has always had the amazing ability to break off a huge run and has not had a season with a run of less than 54 yards. Peterson has been the most consistent running back in the game, since his arrival in 2007.
Adrian Peterson has had the benefit of playing for the Minnesota Vikings, a team that plays indoors and does not have strong play from the quarterback position. Peterson has had Tarvaris Jackson, Kelly Holcomb, Brooks Bollinger, Gus Freotte, Joe Webb, an old Bret Favre, a nearly as old (but much worse) Donovan McNabb and Christian Ponder as his quarterbacks. The best quarterback he has had was Brett Favre at the end of his career, although that did not help Peterson out in the stat department as much as you would think.
When Favre arrived in Minnesota in 2009, Peterson was coming off a season where he had 1,885 yards from scrimmage (1,760 rushing yards), with 10 TD. Having stronger play at the quarterback position made the Vikings a better team that was able to move the ball downfield more consistently, which played into Peterson’s hands, as he is the best red-zone back in the game. Peterson took advantage that first season with Favre and scored a career best 18 touchdowns. Peterson also had a career best with 43 receptions on the season for 436 yards. During this time, Peterson also saw his

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.377733
Retrieved Text: Next month, the TCS New York City Marathon will be hosting over 50,000 runners, including 397 aged 70 years and older (84 women and 313 men), who will tackle the 26.2 miles. These runners have discovered a fountain of youth: Studies have shown that older athletes can be physically 20 or more years younger than their chronological age.
On Sunday, November 1, these runners will be literally winning the race against time.
Joseph Pascarella was turned down by the Army and Navy due to a heart murmur discovered when he was in elementary school — yet this will be his 29th NYC marathon since 1982.
“I’m still running after all these years,” he says.
Ginette Bedard can often be seen running for three to four hours at a time on the beach near her home in Howard Beach. If not, she’s training on her new Octane Fitness machine.
Bedard started running around 1970, when she’d rise at 3:30 a.m. and do a 10-mile run before heading into her customer service role at JFK airport.
Her first marathon, which she ran at age 69, “was the best one of my life, it was so exciting.” She finished second in her age group that year, and has been first in her category ever since.
In 1994, Cindy Peterson ran her first marathon. Inspiration came from watching late New York City marathon founder Fred Lebow finish the 1992 marathon suffering from a brain tumor. “I thought, ‘If he could run with a brain tumor, I could run with varicose veins,’ ” she says.
Peterson followed a program

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.351795
Retrieved Text: PHOENIX (CBSNewYork) — As Eli Manning enters the twilight of his career, the chorus grows louder for the Giants to find his successor.
Perhaps Big Blue did just that last week when they signed ex-Jet Geno Smith.
Speaking to reporters at the NFL meetings on Tuesday, Giants coach Ben McAdoo said he doesn’t see why Smith, 26, can’t someday take over for Manning, 36.
Smith, a second-round draft pick in 2013, started for the Jets as a rookie, but turnovers and general enigmatic play limited him to just 30 starts over his first four seasons. Smith replaced Ryan Fitzpatrick as the Jets’ starter in Week 7 of 2016, but then suffered a season-ending knee injury in that game.
Smith finished his tenure with the Jets with a 12-18 record as a starter. Overall, he threw for 5,962 yards with 28 touchdowns and 36 interceptions. Last season, he completed 8 of 14 passes for 126 yards with one touchdown and one interception.
Despite Smith’s shaky four years with the Jets, McAdoo says he sees something there.
Smith will compete against journeyman Josh Johnson for the Giants’ No. 2 QB job.
McAdoo raised some eyebrows when he answered a question about whether the Giants might be interested in free agent running back Adrian Peterson.
But don’t get too excited, Giants fans.
While Peterson has publicly expressed his interest in playing for Big Blue, NJ.com reported Tuesday, citing a person with knowledge of Peterson’s situation, that the Giants were not interested in the seven-time Pro Bowler as of the Combine, and nothing has changed since.
ESPN reported last week

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.336578
Retrieved Text: The Minnesota Vikings admitted on Wednesday what the rest of the country already knew — that it was “a mistake” to reactivate alleged child abuser Adrian Peterson after benching him for just one game.
With serious criminal charges hanging over Peterson, team owners sheepishly tried to explain themselves at a press conference following their middle-of-the-night decision to bench their superstar running back — again.
“We made a mistake, and we needed to get this right,” Vikings owner Zygi Wilf said.
Peterson, 29, faces up to two years in prison on charges of reckless or negligent injury to a child for allegedly hitting his 4-year-old son repeatedly with a switch at his Texas home.
He is due in court on Oct. 8 for arraignment.
Peterson’s lawyer, Rusty Hardin, did not return a call for comment.
After sidelining Peterson for just a single game — which they lost badly — the Vikings had been under fire for announcing that he would play this Sunday.
Then the team was blitzed by Vikings legend Fran Tarkenton and Minnesota Gov. Mark Dayton, who called Peterson’s actions an embarrassment to the state.
The Vikings collapsed under the rush and benched Peterson again.
Peterson was also sacked by Nike.
“Nike in no way condones child abuse or domestic violence of any kind and has shared our concerns with the NFL,” the company said in a statement.
Nike had already pulled all of its Peterson merchandise off the shelves in the Twin Cities area.
Nike in no way condones child abuse or domestic violence of any kind and has shared our concerns with the NFL… We

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.331543
Retrieved Text: NORMAN, Okla. -- Adrian Peterson's teammates at Oklahoma have a new reason to stay away from the bruising, record-setting tailback.
Peterson is back in practice after missing seven games with a broken collarbone, but some of the Sooners have been a bit reluctant to test whether he's fully healed.
"There's a couple guys that's been kind of hesitant to come up and hit me, so I've been hitting the ground a couple times and lowering my shoulder thinking I'm about to take on contact," Peterson said Wednesday, addressing reporters for the first time in two months.
Sooners coach Bob Stoops said Peterson refused to wear a blue jersey that would make him off-limits to contact. But Peterson has relented and worn a yellow cap over his helmet, which points out to defenders that he's recovering from an injury.
Boise State doesn't figure to take it easy on Peterson in the Fiesta Bowl on Jan. 1.
"Plenty of time has passed," Stoops said. "According to doctors, with that break he is no different right now than any other player just being susceptible to breaking it. Just like anyone, if you fall on it wrong, he or anyone else could break it."
Peterson, the 2004 Heisman runner-up, was the nation's No. 2 rusher when he injured himself on a fourth-quarter touchdown run Oct. 14 against Iowa State.
A junior, Peterson is considered a likely first-round pick in next year's NFL draft if he decides to turn pro. He said the possibility of jeopardizing his future wasn't a factor when he decided to return.
"I've been playing

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.270645
Retrieved Text: I hope everyone is having as Fantastic a Friday as I am!!! Wow, tall King about no coincidences, please check out My Freelance Friday Feature Article from today’s Ottawa Sun,it is almost too Good to be True! The beauty and timing of this Article is Auspiciously Perfect, especially once One considers My day.
I had agreed to meet a Friend of mine I haven’t seen in a while. I had Ideas about what I wanted to do with My Freelance Friday Edition, and had Facebook messaged Olivia Blackmore who did a Feature Article on the homeless in 2017 for the Ottawa Sun/Citizen, as King of her if she would consider Giving Me an interview. I wanted to put a new spin on the ‘Rogue Journalist’ Idea by interviewing interesting personalities and sharing those interviews here. Interviewing a journalist seemed like the perfect place to start because I’m genuinely interested in knowing what it might be like to work for a media giant like the Citizen or the Sun, but Olivia hasn’t responded to My message yet so I don’t have an interview to share with You today. However, I did have some Great conversations with My Friend that have Given Me some Gifts to share with You today.
I Will Call My Friend BigRed473, His Super-Hero-Spiderman-Alias on the World Wide Web, and You can check Him out on Twitch by clicking on His Handle. We were tall King about how each of Us have something Special to Share with the rest of the world, and how Giving Our

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.256857
Retrieved Text: Minnesota Vikings running back Adrian Peterson flew to Texas and turned himself in at the sheriff's office in Montgomery County early Saturday, USA Today reported. He was booked on a charge of injury to a child (his son), and released on $15,000 bond.Troubling allegations regarding one of its marquee stars were not what the NFL needed after a week of scandal and outrage — but they're just what the league got. Adrian Peterson, the star running back for the Minnesota Vikings, was indicted on charges of reckless or negligent injury to a child and won't play this weekend.
Reports emerged on Friday afternoon that Peterson had been charged in Montgomery County in Texas, northwest of Houston for beating the child with a "switch," or a tree branch that's been stripped of leaves. The Montgomery County Sheriff's Office released a statement two hours later that a warrant had been issued for Peterson's arrest, and images of the boy's welts surfaced online.
Rusty Hardin, Peterson's attorney, released a statement confirming the indictment and calling Peterson "a loving parent who used his judgment as a parent to discipline his son" shortly after the news broke.
TMZ reported that the alleged victim is a male child from Minnesota who was visiting Peterson in Texas in May. Peterson is one of the most popular and high-profile players in the NFL. He was named NFL MVP in 2008 and led the league in rushing in 2008 and 2012.
The Vikings released a statement shortly after the news broke: "The Vikings are in the process of gathering

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.200191
Retrieved Text: Jordan Peterson on "Being a Monster"
Why not speak with more precision about what is being recommended?
It is always fascinating to watch someone become an object of intense admiration, creating not just fans but "followers." The example I can think of before Jordan Peterson is Ayn Rand. Both figures not only caught the rapt attention of a percentage of the public but have done so with ideas.
And a type of charisma, of course! It takes some charisma to be in the business of selling ideas on topics as easily-avoided by mainstream media as morality!
This helps explain an interesting challenge Peterson got from podcast host Joe Rogan. (At nine minutes in you can view this discussion here.) Rogan, a major fan of Peterson, asked why Peterson recommends that men become "monsters," as Hitler also gets described by Peterson as a "monster." Rogan would like a distinction to be made between when Peterson condemns being a "monster" and when he is recommending being a "monster." Peterson seems a bit taken aback by this request, but finally responds that the difference is that you do not want to become a monster "accidentally."
Is this helpful? Rogan does not seem convinced, and I imagine listeners cannot follow with any understanding, either.
These are the not the kind of concepts that are used in contemporary accounts of morality, even though the topic "how to be" receives intense scrutiny in research from multiple fields.
Of course, the public is not interested in reading academic studies or research. So a lot can be gained by avoiding this

================



======= Instance Index 15 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

Daughter: Guess what, Mom. I got it.

Mother: Great. That's super.

Father: What's going on? So, what did you get me?

Daughter: Nothing. I got my driver's license. Okay. Bye.

Father: Wait, wait, wait. Where are you going?

Daughter: Mom said I could take the car to school this morning, and ...

Father: Hold on here. I've prepared a few rules regarding the use of the motor vehicles in this house.

Daughter: Like what?

Father: Let me get my notes here.

Daughter: Dad! That looks like a book? Mom, Dad's being mean to me.

Father: Okay, let me get my reading glasses here. Okay, here we are. Rule number one: No driving with friends for the first six months.

Daughter: What?

Father: Teenagers often lack the judgment to drive responsibly, especially when several teenagers are involved. I mean they speed, they joyride, they cruise around town way past midnight.

Daughter: But that's not me! Do I really need this lecture? This is such a drag!

Father: Furthermore, who really needs a car when a pair of shoes will work? I mean, life was different when I was your age. In fact, I used to walk to school ...

Daughter: Yeah, yeah. I know. Both ways uphill in ten feet of snow. I've heard this story many times.

Father: Yeah. Oh, where were we? Oh yes. Rule number two: You always must wear your seat belt and obey the rules of the road.

Daughter: Duh. I wasn't born yesterday.

Father: Okay, rule number three: You can't drive long distances at night because you might get drowsy and drive off the road. But driving to the movie theater is fine.

Daughter: But the movie theater is right across the street from our house.

Father: Exactly, so you can just park in the driveway and walk there.

Daughter: Mom! Dad's being unreasonable.

Father: And rule number four: You should never use a cell phone while driving. That could cause an accident.

Daughter: But YOU do.

Father: That's different.

Daughter: How's it different? You even need my help to turn your cell phone on.

Father: And rule number five: Remember that I love you,...

Question: Why is the girl excited at the beginning of the conversation? 

- She has just started driver's education classes at school.

- She is taking her driver's license road test today.

- She has her license and wants to drive now.

Target Text: She has her license and wants to drive now.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 23.525904
Retrieved Text: How To Date Models, read 10 First Date Conversation Starters, and you're excited. Why can't we replace trivial conversations with meaningful ones,? However, and they managed to stretch out this topic for 30 minutes. Explain?. Well here is the list you are looking for.
1000+ ideas about Date Questions on Pinterest | First Date Questions.
When scientific dating facts have shown asking big, Why are you at. Improving the sexual energy in your conversations with women. Do you. Before we start working on Killer Conversation Starters, how to have a deep conversation etc. TOP 10 · Top 10 Dating; Get Her To Talk To You. Consult. In Stealth Attraction I go dating conversation starters deep with a girl detail on connecting with a woman, discuss your. Here's how a typical conversation for a guy who's skilled at being a conversationalist and knowledgeable in the way of deep diving will go.
Complete this sentence: I wish I had someone with whom I could share! Do you want to dating conversation starters deep with a girl to a girl or guy, you might seem a little. Getting in-depth with her is going to create emotional. about the places they want to see and opens up the topic of travel at large. If you are not a witty person you can always just casually say "Lets save that topic for later. We get.
the boy they are dating if they turn the conversation to topics that are. If you could wake up!
58 Answers - Posted in topics: talking, a lot of girls just

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.79997
Retrieved Text: It can be hard to approach a girl in real life and begin flirting. It gets even more difficult when you’re trying to flirt online. Flirting with girls online may be difficult but that doesn’t mean it can’t be done. You can do it and you can do it today if you want. Just continue reading below and learn how to improve your flirting game.
1) Never provide too much information in the beginning. Before you decide to find a date or begin talking with an anonymous girl, think. What are you willing to share with her? How much information and what type of information will you tell? You can grab a pen and pencil and write down what you want to share and what you don’t. This will help you not divulge too much information or the wrong information.
2) Try not to answer to quickly. It’ll make you look over-excited and extremely eager. Also don’t continue messaging if you don’t receive a reply. You don’t know what they are doing or if they are away from the keyboard. People usually do things on the side of their computer. Cooking, cleaning, and maybe even using the bathroom. Be patient and wait for your reply. Never jump the gun.
3) Don’t be too conceited. Making the conversation about you all the time is a no-no. Try to even out the conversation. It’s ok to talk about yourself here and there, but the conversation shouldn’t be all about you! Let them talk about themselves and maybe even talk about there

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.027306
Retrieved Text: “When it comes to dating and romance, a woman’s STRONGEST desire is to be with a man that she feels a strong emotional attraction for… a man that fits her genetic, archetypal lock… the Yang in her Yin.” – David DeAngelo.
…and a key step to having a girl or a woman feel an attraction for you is to connect with her on an emotional level.
Emotional level, in the sense that, have her feel she clicks with you… and that you’re too much alike and have too much in common where she can trust you and share her innermost feelings and her life with you.
…find out the topics and issues that interest her, stories and issues she finds fascinating, her likes, ambitions, goals, passion, and whatnot.
In short, get to know who she is and what she’s about… then exploit it. In other words, let her interests be your interests and be excited by the things she’s excited by.
In order to have a woman feel an attraction for you, you need to connect with her on an emotional level.
…so focus your conversations on her.
Start out by asking her questions about herself.
If you are already friends with her, ask her questions like, how her day went, what’s new in her life, and whatnot.
Allow her to be a little selfish talking about herself revealing details about her life to you.
But don’t let her do all the talking, though… contribute to the conversation by relating to what she says and share a commonality or similar experiences. Focus at least 70% of

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.766417
Retrieved Text: An open adoption helps to foster relationships.
Considering that high percentage, conversation regarding birth siblings is very important.
My daughter has three older birth siblings, two brothers, and a sister. I want her to have a relationship with her siblings and to have a relationship with her birth parents. Both are equally important. My responsibility in forming and maintaining this relationship is very important. It is also important that I share the information correctly at the appropriate time based on her development. That is why they have been included in my daughter’s story from the beginning.
During our visits with our daughter’s birth family, the birth siblings are just as excited as her birth mother to see her. They love getting on the floor, playing with her, and giving “piggyback” rides. Our daughter is still too young to fully understand the dynamics, but we talk to her about it so it isn’t a secret and is second nature to discuss.
I do expect to have questions in the future about her birth family. I want to keep every conversation positive. I also want the conversation to be open and constant. That is also why I am so happy that we have an open adoption so my daughter’s birth family can help answer these questions.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.64724
Retrieved Text: The fact is, most people think they handle objections with ease.The reality paints a different picture.
Now, let's start at the very beginning, what's the first thing you have to do before starting a conversation with a girl? Yeah, right, approach her! That's the first step you have to take - how to approach woman. Succeed in this direction and you can move on to the conversation part or else, kiss your chances with this particular girl good bye.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.613377
Retrieved Text: Little Jayde Robinson already knows the importance of the beautician-client relationship.
There’s nothing like some good salon talk as your beautician slays your hair.
Jayde Robinson already knows this and she’s only 1. Jayde’s mom, Kerry Robinson, recorded a hilarious conversation with her daughter on Snapchat.
Robinson engages her daughter in some good ol’ girlfriend kiki and young Jayde has no problem responding perfectly with “he crazy, girl,” as well as “girl, yes” and “then what happened?” At one point in the video, Robinson tells her daughter that she has free Sea World tickets and Jayde’s reaction is priceless.
“Girl, yes. I’m excited, girl,” the mom says.
“I’m excited, girl,” Jayde repeats.
Robinson shared the video above on Facebook on Thursday and it already had more than 15 million views as of Tuesday. The San Antonio, Texas, mom told HuffPost that she and little Jayde make videos like this all the time.
Robinson said that she’s proud of how smart Jayde is.
Jayde may be a little heavy-handed, but she sure is smart (and adorable).

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.473207
Retrieved Text: My American Girl-loving daughter had been to lunch at American Girl Place, but I hadn't. Frankly, I wasn't that excited about going. The whole American Girl experience seems so over-hyped. It's why we haven't written much about the American Girl company or the glitzy store at 111 E. Chicago Ave.
But in the interests of thorough reporting (and to the delight of my daughter, Tess, 9), we headed downtown for tea and a show as the guests of American Girl.
Now I'm a convert. Yes, the store is overrun with girls, their moms and grandmoms all burdened by red shopping bags. Yes, you can spend a fortune there. But you also can spend nothing and simply wander past the historical displays and let your daughter tell you about each of the dolls, who they are, when they lived and which accessories go with them.
Then you can sit down (with your doll, if you remembered to bring it, or with a loaner doll if you didn't) for a lovely tea with your favorite little girl. On the table is a small box of conversation starters. It includes questions such as&ldquo;What is your biggest dream?” that might have been met with an eye roll from my very sophisticated 9-year-old if I had attempted to ask them outside of the magic of the American Girl Cafe.
After tea, it was on to&ldquo;The American Girls Revue.” These girls, ages 7-13 (and four adults), were incredibly talented and the show was impressive. The 75 minutes sped by as we watched these girls pretend to

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.264433
Retrieved Text: Dating immediately after breakup reddit.
For instance some girls in this situation will be reluctant to get emotionally invested in another guy. Something is wrong with your submission. Seeing what your ex is up to will do you no favors. Just stay patient, be respectful, and persist. They may even cut all connections with this girl, seeing the situation as a lost cause. When times are tough, keep yourself occupied. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. This can be a transitional period for her where she finds all sorts of questions and emotions running through her head.
Reminded myself he's her problem now. Anyone who would jump at the chance to date him deserved my pity, not jealousy. See, when you start to date right away, as soon as something goes unplanned or the.
Dating after a break up had helped me so much. I was in a relationship for a year and a half with a guy that I thought was the love of my life. It ended in July and at the beginning of August I.
But if casual conversation or seeing their face sets off your bad mood, you need to seriously consider a full break from your ex.
Brian M - author of posts on The Art of Charm. In order to do this, understand that a girl who is getting over a breakup is going to have strong emotional ties to certain activities and environments. A relationship that takes such an emotional toll can have an effect on how a girl enters the dating world. Holly is

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.711489
Retrieved Text: What follows here are 7 things to talk about with a girl. These things will lead her to have a more positive view of you and in turn get her to like you. The topics are particularly useful for the guy that runs into the trouble of not knowing what to say to girl to keep the conversation going while keeping it interesting enough for her to want to continue talking to him.
If you know what to talk about with a girl, then it will make it easier to get her number and take her on a date. If you fall apart during conversation and blank out, then she’s not likely to be attracted to you and consequently won’t care to see you again. With that being said, here are some great topics.
1 – Passions: Talking about your and her passions makes the conversation interesting, positive and help you better get to know each other. Realize that this is very different from asking what someone does for a living because what they do to make ends meet isn’t necessarily what they’re passionate about. In relation to this, specifically ask her what makes her excited to get out of bed in the morning.
2 – Travel: Travel often makes for really good conversation because people always have great stories around where they’ve been. A great way to ask girl about travel is to ask about the coolest places she’s been to in the last few years; or you can just tell her a great story about one of

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.263857
Retrieved Text: im 13 turning 14 and that happens to me all the time (but when im texting a guy i like) lol-but ask her how was her day-how she feeling-if she ever wants to hang out... What kind of music do you listen to? You really are beautiful. There are a few tried and tested ideas regarding how to keep a conversation going with a girl that truly work very well, and I constantly encourage my coaching clients to apply them.
I mean, there is just something about a girl with a great personality that drives them absolutely wild. If you can show him your a funny girl with a great sense of humor in the short convo you guys might be having, that�s a huge plus. You could say anything from a silly comment about something he says to a full-fledged joke that you remembered from the internet a couple of days ago. Tip... If you can master how to keep the conversation going with a girl it will increase your confidence when it comes to approaching women, because you know how to start and fuel a conversation. The reason why this skill set of Conversation Threading is SOOOO important is because just talking at women is not enough.
2. It is your responsibility to keep the conversation going. Even if she approached you or you approached each other at the same time and each said �hello� at the same time, you should keep the conversation going.... What kind of music do you listen to? You really are

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.23755
Retrieved Text: It was fun to get together with everyone for dinner at the steakhouse, but can you all lay off about the hair?! You can’t change a girly girl, and that’s who I am…complete with tights and Mary Janes. I like long hair, and I’m not changing it. Period!
Bethenny really surprised me when she called me out for noticing her conversation with Ramona. I understand that these two are having a battle, but we’ve all been affected by what’s been going on and are all hoping for a peaceful resolution to relieve some of the tension. If she wanted the conversation to be private, she should have taken Ramona aside, away from a small round table of nosey girls. AND…I wasn’t the only one who happened to glance over or who was paying attention during the conversation. Everyone was eavesdropping, but I was the only one to get busted for it. Ridic!
Was so excited when Carole showed me the picture of the guy from Chicago with whom she is setting me up. He’s so cute, and I am really looking forward to this date. I’ve never been on a blind date before, but this one sounds really promising. Carole does not give compliments easily, so she clearly really likes this guy. Here’s hoping!
Does anyone out there believe in love at first sight?! I certainly didn’t until locking eyes with cute Scott from Chicago. His shy demeanor, his smile, and his quiet confidence intrigued me immediately. Wow! We’re almost soul mates. Between the Tito’s and Leo’s and loving

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.16261
Retrieved Text: Boy meets girl at a local establishment in college.
Boy gets girl's phone number.
Boy gets number from girl's friend for the second time.
Boy sees same girl in same bar and gets girl's number for the third time.
Boy waits seven whole days to call girl.
Girl has already moved on ... but picks up the phone anyway.
Girl has NO idea who the person talking on the other line is as it sounded like some boy named Alex. Girl meets lots of different people on campus.
Boy and Girl have very awkward conversation as a result of name confusion on girl's part.
Finally Girl asks who is on the phone ... girl hears "Dallas" and it all starts coming back to her.
Boy and Girl set up the first date. Girl is now excited.
Boy and Girl go out for dinner and have an "Ok" date. No fireworks or love at first glance for either.
Girl decides if Boy doesn't call back for second date, she won't call him. Surprisingly, Boy calls for the second date and the Girl agrees. Second date goes MUCH better. The two don't actually have a TON in common, except they're both farm kids and have big dreams and ambitions for the future.
Boy and Girl decide they LOVE each other and become exclusive. 10 months after their first date, Boy proposes with a diamond ring. Girl accepts with tears streaming down her face.
Boy and Girl make a committment in front of God and their family to love each other forever on Oct. 15, 2005.
Boy and Girl welcome first child, a

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.140646
Retrieved Text: Eleven Howland High School graduates have lost their lives to drug overdoses in recent years. The problem is not unique to Howland or even Trumbull County. However, one Howland High School student hopes that raising awareness about drugs will help prevent those numbers from increasing.
Junior Lindsey Shrodek launched an awareness campaign at the beginning of the year as part of service project through Girl Scouts. Her efforts to not only raise awareness, but also construct the Howland Hope Garden outside of the high school gymnasium entrance has earned her the Girl Scout’s highest honor, the Gold Award.
Through her research, Shrodek learned that some people who struggle with drug addiction also struggle to cope, which is why they turn to drugs. In an effort to showcase other methods of coping, Shrodek decided to set up informational booths at school events and sell rocks that people could paint. When people would purchase Promise Rocks, Shrodek would engage in a conversation with them and share information about drug addiction and treatment. The money raised from the sale of the rocks has allowed Shrodek to purchase plants for the Howland Hope Garden, statues with inspirational sayings and 11 lanterns to represent each student who has died. There is also a mailbox in the garden that is full of information about treatment services available in Trumbull County.
In June, Shrodek will be recognized for her work and awarded her Gold Award.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.014906
Retrieved Text: A lot of men suffer from loneliness because they do not know how and where to meet dates. In some of our articles, we have already told you how to impress a girl and even where to find her. To tell you the truth, we have discussed a big number of places, where to find your one, like Internet, street, clubs, etc. Still, in this article we would like to mention top five places to meet dates in Ukraine.
We want to start with reminding you the fact that the success in meeting a girl really depends on the place you choose. What is more, the character of the girl you will meet also depends on the place where she spends most of her time. Therefore, if you want to find yourself someone shy and serious to create a family with, it is not worth going to the disco, as this is the place, where ladies come to have fun and relax, not to find a life partner.
Just in case you have forgotten, let us list the most widespread places to meet a girl: Internet, street, park, restaurant, work, studies, public transport, theaters, shops etc.
The first place you can meet dates is a café, still not a usual one. We offer you to visit a confectionary. Why? Can you imagine lots of other men sitting in such a place eating an ice-cream, cake or strudel? Therefore, a confectionary café is one of the best place to find a girl. All you have to do to start a

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.984133
Retrieved Text: How do girl make her chin more defined? Make jawline more defined.
Do facial exercises. Chew gum and massage your jaw. Smiling is also beneficial for toning up facial muscles. Clench your jaw. Not so much that your dentist gets pissed off, because that wouldn’t be good. Eat healthy. Things like sodium can cause bloating, which can reverse everything else you’ve done.… Continue Reading How do girl make her chin more defined? Make jawline more defined.
How do you get the girl of your dreams to fall in love with you?
Sha, a sister I chatted with on Wechat, was born in 89 and worked as an administrator in an IT company after graduating from college. I once went to an IT company to do a project, and in my spare time, I used the “Nearby People” feature of Wechat to… Continue Reading How do you get the girl of your dreams to fall in love with you?
1 Comment on How do you get the girl of your dreams to fall in love with you?
10 signs girl doesn’t like you anymore, why?
Before you learn the trick of attracting women, look at the behaviors that make you instantly lose your attraction and keep the goddess away. The reason you lose your attraction to a goddess is often not because you are not tall, handsome or rich, but because you have made ten… Continue Reading 10 signs girl doesn’t like you anymore, why?
1 Comment on 10 signs girl doesn’t like you anymore, why?
Girlfriend doesn’t take the initiative. What do you do?
In

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.965368
Retrieved Text: Our family had a beginning this week….the ultimate beginning….a new life!
She was breech, born by C-section, and inhaled some amniotic fluid, so like both of her brothers, has spent the first days of her life hooked up to tubes in a NICU. Thankfully she’s improving rapidly and already pulling those tubes out so we’re pretty sure she’ll be in her mother’s arms soon.
Her brothers aren’t old enough to visit her in the NICU so they’re waiting patiently at home for their first introduction and they’re very excited. Well, the older one is, the little guy is pretty clueless about how his world is about to change!
And what better day to be born into this world than January 8th? Our little Princess, the first girl to be born into both sides of her immediate family since her mother was born almost 28 years ago, shares her birthday with The King!
So excited for you all , another grand baby and a girl! So wonderful , enjoy every moment of those three special grand babies. So love you sharing your special moments!
Thanks Karin….everyone is definitely smiling in this family these days!
Danke Schwester Gielia. Wir sind so glücklich, sie hier ist!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.75079
Retrieved Text: It is officially my last day of work here in Rochester.
The point where one chapter closes and another begins.
This whole transition is a little bittersweet, I am sad to be leaving friends/coworkers yet excited for the future. Funny how you can be excited, nervous, and scared all at the same time.
As this chapter comes to an end I have a list a mile long of things I am looking forward to (and another list just as long of things to do). While I can't be 100% sure where my life is headed I know there is a plan, and I know it will be exciting! Now it is time to enjoy ever little bit of life, and embrace the changes!
So with that I am off, next time I blog I will be a city girl in my very own big girl apartment!
Stay tuned for some pictures!
Good luck girl! :) You're gonna have so much fun!!
Good luck Hilliary! You're gonna be great in the city!!
yay for the big city!
So exciting!! Congrats again! Can't wait to read about all your new adventures!!!
EEK!!! I'm so excited for you!!!
oooh, have fun in Minneapolis. can't wait to see your pics.
Congrats, it is the beginning of new things!
This is so exciting! I can't wait to hear more about your adventures and your big city life!
can't wait for the update! good luck!
It's always exciting to begin a new chapter...good luck!
Yay! So excited for your new adventure!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.740612
Retrieved Text: It was just another normal day at work when my Facebook messenger buzzed and turned out my ex had left me a message. It was totally unexpected because we hadn’t been in touch for six years. My heart started beating faster; I was both excited and anxious. I got so overwhelmed that my eyes welled with tears. I read the message which was more of an apology from Samar. He had written that all these years he had been feeling guilty about whatever had happened between the two of us and that he just wanted to end the bitterness between us. A lot of questions came to my mind after reading his message. Why did he message me after all these years? He didn’t feel guilty when he left me for another girl, so how come suddenly he is sorry for that? He didn’t look sorry when he totally ignored all the effort I was putting in to make our relationship work.
So, why now? When I’m happy with another guy and life finally seems to be stable? I had to get answers, so I replied, “Why now?” And then we had a long conversation; he patiently answered all my questions, accepted all his mistakes and apologized for everything. Yes, he seemed different now… more mature. He didn’t sound like the immature boy that he once was. And guess what he looks better too with his new rugged look. Argghhh FML! We chatted for long; sorting out old issues, updating each other about our lives and revisiting

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.61691
Retrieved Text: Weight Watchers is going strong! I am down 2.6 more lbs. for a total of 12.6 since the beginning of the year! So excited to be making headway! I feel invigorated! I am starting to notice the difference in my clothes and boy does it feel good. Is anyone else out there doing a program?
Congrats! Keep up the good work! I loved WW when I did it last year! This year I am just doing my own thing. Hoping to drop a few lbs but trying not to think of it as dieting. That is why WW was so great, it's a way of life not a diet. hugs friend!
You go girl! So proud of you...I agree w/ Kristy....it is not easy!!
Also, LOVE LOVE the little gift idea...thanks for sharing...hmmm might want to remember that....wait, I will "pin" it to my board - woopwoop!
I love your project Yvonne!! Great job on the WW!! Woo HOO!! Have a great time at CHA!!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.597353
Retrieved Text: You like a girl. You would definitely like her to like you back. You have to follow the 5 steps given below to make her fall for you so that she likes you and reciprocates your love. Find out how to make a girl like you without even asking her out. It is common for a regular guy when he likes a girl; he wears his heart on his sleeves and asks her to go out with sincere love.
You have to be a serial flirter to know how to make a girl like you. Now the flirting abilities may be a gift for him to die for, but when you publicly flirt with every single friend or girl you meet, you're not treating one girl any different from the other.
If you want to make a girl like you, she has to believe that you're treating her differently. Really, why else would you treat one friend differently from the others?
And once you get her thinking, you've already set the ball in motion.
Be very careful with whom you are flirting, you can flirt and tease all your girl-friends, but don't overdo it. Let all your women friends see you as a cheerful guy who's a lot of fun to spend time with.
But all your flirting gimmicks you should limit to when you are alone with the girl. Flirt with her using the sneaky flirting steps I've mentioned below and get touchy feely when it's just the both of you. You have to make a positive impression on you

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.540691
Retrieved Text: Relay was founded on the idea that content and conversation go hand and hand. We chose to focus on the most expressive and emotion-packed kind of content on the Web – the animated GIF. By deeply integrating GIF search and discovery into a mobile messaging app we strived to give people a richer and more visual way of communicating and expressing themselves.
Although a simple idea, GIF messaging resonated with a great number of people. Over the last year more than 700,000 people downloaded Relay and we’re currently seeing over 10 million GIF messages sent every month.
Since the beginning of Relay, we were in admiration of a much bigger messaging company that also happened to be our neighbour, only 100km west on the 401. Kik is one of the last remaining independent messaging platforms and with over 185 million users and their innovative mobile platform, Kik is the market leader in content messaging. We’re extremely excited to be joining the Kik team to help build new visual content experiences.
The Relay application will be shutting down, allowing us to focus on bringing the best parts of the Relay experience to the more than 185 million users on Kik’s platform.
Our lesbian Relay users may wish to join Gay Girl Net for lesbian chat.
All Relay messages, collections and all personal information will be permanently erased and you will no longer be able to sign into Relay. We’re sad to say goodbye to Relay but stay tuned for great new things to come in Kik. In the meantime, enjoy over 500

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.31037
Retrieved Text: We were very excited to celebrate Easter this year with Max. It was like a preview of what is to come. There is something magical about the holidays that I think as adults, we eventually lose. Of course that makes sense and all. It might be a little strange starting off a conversation at work...."guess what the Easter Bunny left me last night," or "man, the tooth fairy is getting a little stingy these days, what am I suppose to do with a stupid quarter?"
However, I can remember that magic. Being a little girl and searching my living room for eggs. Eggs that I had colored and decorated the night before. I can remember getting my Easter basket and being so excited to see what treats were waiting for me. It was a fun time. I can't wait doing that for Max! Experiencing that magic again, but now through his eyes.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.259052
Retrieved Text: Every year, per his request, Roger gets the latest edition of this.
I basically just get something and say, "By the way, that's my anniversary present" so as to remove any guilt or curb the inevitable why-do-you-need-that conversation (ukuleles, anyone?).
Although I have to admit that after 17 years, my man is fully trained. I can't remember the last time I had to explain anything.
All of this to say I've got a new project.
I talked the lady on Craigslist down to $75.
He's a total hunk, but it's obvious that the top and bottom don't even match.
Nothing a coat of (yellow??) paint can't fix.
Once I take care of those striped walls.
P.S I just did a quick google search and the gift for 17 years??
I always knew we were traditional.
Happy Anniversary! Im currently in the market for a kitchen hutch. Nothing like the size of your beast, but im excited to see what you do with that.
Happy Anniversary! And holy moly I can't wait to see what you do with that beauty! Wowsa! Get it, girl! And take lots of pics!
I love your find and cannot wait to see how it turns out! I'm sure it'll be awesome!
oh happy anniversary...17 years..nothing to sneeze at, but.....traditional? hmmm, following your blog, i question it...but whatever it is, it's fabby!
I've been married for 24 yrs now and we usually don't get eachother gifts, but for the 25th I'm hoping we do something special.
Can't wait to see what you do with that beauty!
Can I come over and help you paint it??? Looks like fun!
I'm

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.250586
Retrieved Text: We are all looking for causes, boys and girls: love. Many of us have not found it and some of us have it. There is a reason for those who do not. It starts with the interest of a girl with you and curiosity. On this basis, you can gradually build a lasting appeal with each woman. Awakening of this interest and curiosity; Here are some tips that can help you.
Trust is the only mandatory feature you need to attract a woman. And women can immediately see if you have confidence in yourself or not, simply by looking at body language. For example, if you consider yourself “small” in your environment, women will see you as a lack of trust. The first step in dressing a girl is to make sure that there is a body language. Keep the body moving in peace and control. Be big Do not be afraid to occupy space and need space around you. If it is difficult because you feel nervousness or discomfort, breath slowly and deeply, focusing on the feelings of the body (do you feel your feet?). It helps to relax and naturally develop a certain body language.
Every girl wants to laugh. And there is no better time to prove that you have this ability than at the beginning of the conversation. Make the girl laugh earlier and help him relax and talk to you. And that, although it caused all interest and attraction. One of the ways to start a conversation and try a girl is jocular

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.034653
Retrieved Text: Afraid to brush up on the basics? That could be the one thing setting you up for failure on the job.
You’ll feel more confident at the end of your interview if you control the conversation from the beginning. Keep these tips in mind.
You’re supposed to be excited about your new paycheck and benefits. But you’re also terrified. Learn how to turn new job fears into an opportunity for success.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.987234
Retrieved Text: This morning I woke up feeling so defeated, so I started to pray and the tears just started flowing. The past couple years, there have been really low valleys in my life, and also some really beautiful times. And I’m grateful for both of them. My heart has hurt, but it has also loved immensely.
It’s a girl!!! Eeeek, we are so excited! Jay and I took the kids with us to the ultrasound and they loved it! I am so happy we brought them along with us, it made it so special. Leland guessed that it was a girl from the very beginning and he was right! On the way to our appointment, Reagan started singing “sister time” (it’s from Elena a Disney show) and Jay and I were like “what?!” Ha ha I guess she wanted a sister, too! More than anything, I am thankful for a healthy pregnancy. I’m grateful that we’ll have two boys, and two girls- what a blessing! I did have boy names all picked out and ready to go- but I have no idea on a girl name! Ah! It’s so hard, no clue…we have time though ;) We can’t wait to meet you baby girl!
Congratulations! I’m so excited for you! Four is so fun and it’s great to have two of each. I have two of each and am pregnant now with our tie-breaker!
Peonies are just so beautiful! I was so happy a second Peony I planted a couple years ago bloomed this year!
Growing up, it wasn’t necessarily my

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.955536
Retrieved Text: What seems like half of Newtown, all have been given a reason enough to leave the house and come to Newtown Social Club on a cold and wet Thursday. Pre-set the room slowly fills with a crowd of excited faces waiting to see what the Illawarra-grown songstress, Bec Sandridge, has in store.
Suddenly the crowd erupts in a unified, deafening cheer; the background noise being Bec and her band shuffling atop the meagre stage. As the opening song of the set begins, the crowd quickly swaps screaming for swaying, and the stage immediately appears far too small as Bec confidently strides up and down its length. Each song seems to excite the audience more than the previous. From beginning to end everyone in the room is enchanted by Bec — what began as a gig soon begins to feel like a conversation with an old friend.
As crowd favourite ‘High Tide’ begins to emanate through the speakers, Bec (along with most others present) seems to lose herself to the song, as if she were being played by the guitar.
Following a small handful of more sombre songs, Bec Sandridge pauses to tell the audience how a case of mistaken intentions in Scotland led to highly acclaimed song ‘You’re a F***ing Joke’. While in previous songs the crowd grooved along reservedly, almost all are now jumping with eyes closed and mouth grinning wide open.
It’s obvious to everyone in the room that the band is well-rehearsed. The relatively simple yet punchy drum lines throughout the set pave the way for the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.914883
Retrieved Text: Potential unpopular opinion: I am so tired of YA dystopia. I think the market is oversaturated, and if I have to read one more novel about the spunky, special girl who has to find a way to topple to The Establishment and choose between the guys who represent The Past and The Future, I might scream. Which is why Sarah Rees Brennan’s TELL THE WIND AND FIRE was such a refreshing change of pace.
Don’t misunderstand me — it’s definitely still YA dystopia. There is a very literal Light side and Dark side, our protagonist is a spunky, special girl, and there are two guys at the heart of the story. But that’s all veneer. Once you crack the surface, it becomes very clear that this is dystopia approached from a brand new direction, and that change in perspective is just what I needed.
There’s a Light side and a Dark side, but it’s never clear which one you’re supposed to be rooting for. They are both equally ruthless and awful, from the beginning, and I appreciated that. Our protagonist is the Face of the Rebellion, but she doesn’t want to be, and she refuses to fight for anyone but herself and the people she loves. She recognizes that she doesn’t want to be part of either side, and she, throughout the whole story, is just trying to do what she has to do to survive. She’s not noble, she’s not trying to save the world, she just wants her corner of it to survive, and I appreciate

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.878635
Retrieved Text: Of course we were congratulated, but a lot of people asked us why we were pregnant again, if this baby was a “surprise” or even if it was planned. What in the world makes people ask such nosy and intimate questions?
We actually were surprised that I was pregnant because of some health issues I had been having. We actually thought I was pregnant about 3 months beforehand but turned out I had a huge ovarian cyst. Hence, we were told I wouldn’t be able to get pregnant for a while. The Lord had other plans.
There are lots of reasons we’re happy with the boys’ age gap (#2’s due date is 1 month before Caleb’s 2nd birthday). Lots of them are personal preference…. And my very wise sister-in-law had always told me that the 2 year age gap is her favorite. I also noticed Caleb got along well with those around 2 years older than him and those children played well with him.
How often or even how many children people have is their business and their business only. If they’re not taking handouts from the government, and especially if the people are married- let them choose their own path. For us, we believe that children are a blessing from the Lord and should be wanted & celebrated.
We’re so excited to be welcoming this baby in about 20 weeks!!
We’re so excited to be welcoming our little Caleb Forrest, Lord willing, the end of Aug, or early Sept!
I am so, so, so excited to announce that after two miscarriages,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.844095
Retrieved Text: """ keywords'/> "" " If Dating a Girl and Boy is Similar to Audition Then How to Win? | Best Actor Academy-The Monster Of Free Acting Tips ""
If Dating a Girl and Boy is Similar to Audition Then How to Win?
You are excited about this opportunity. You will spend approximately five minutes with a complete stranger, and if they say yes, it has the power to transform your life. You know you have to deliver intelligence, composure, and comfort in this tense situation.
What did I describe? An audition or a dating night with a girl or boy? Both.
Actors believe the key to audition success is to be a better actor by delivering a more emotional, thoughtful performance. Yes, that is true. Mostly. This is certainly the case for major roles.
But what the casting director considers while selecting an actor for the role?
The actor who suits best to the character's profile and gives a unique performance, certainly, but also the actor who has the ability to engage and connect with the concerned people in the audition room. To ensure that the casting session is invigorating and inspiring for the director and producer.
Well, well, well....what you say to that?
You must connect with the people in the audition room if you are to be remembered. And remembered positively. And I imagine the same applies to a fast dating a girl or a boy.
Each audition experience is different. You are meeting different people. They may have had a bad morning. You must sum up the situation in the audition room

================



======= Instance Index 16 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

Daughter: Guess what, Mom. I got it.

Mother: Great. That's super.

Father: What's going on? So, what did you get me?

Daughter: Nothing. I got my driver's license. Okay. Bye.

Father: Wait, wait, wait. Where are you going?

Daughter: Mom said I could take the car to school this morning, and ...

Father: Hold on here. I've prepared a few rules regarding the use of the motor vehicles in this house.

Daughter: Like what?

Father: Let me get my notes here.

Daughter: Dad! That looks like a book? Mom, Dad's being mean to me.

Father: Okay, let me get my reading glasses here. Okay, here we are. Rule number one: No driving with friends for the first six months.

Daughter: What?

Father: Teenagers often lack the judgment to drive responsibly, especially when several teenagers are involved. I mean they speed, they joyride, they cruise around town way past midnight.

Daughter: But that's not me! Do I really need this lecture? This is such a drag!

Father: Furthermore, who really needs a car when a pair of shoes will work? I mean, life was different when I was your age. In fact, I used to walk to school ...

Daughter: Yeah, yeah. I know. Both ways uphill in ten feet of snow. I've heard this story many times.

Father: Yeah. Oh, where were we? Oh yes. Rule number two: You always must wear your seat belt and obey the rules of the road.

Daughter: Duh. I wasn't born yesterday.

Father: Okay, rule number three: You can't drive long distances at night because you might get drowsy and drive off the road. But driving to the movie theater is fine.

Daughter: But the movie theater is right across the street from our house.

Father: Exactly, so you can just park in the driveway and walk there.

Daughter: Mom! Dad's being unreasonable.

Father: And rule number four: You should never use a cell phone while driving. That could cause an accident.

Daughter: But YOU do.

Father: That's different.

Daughter: How's it different? You even need my help to turn your cell phone on.

Father: And rule number five: Remember that I love you,...

Question: Which statement is an example of why the father created rule number 1? 

- Young drivers sometimes drink and drive.

- Teenagers often drive at high speeds.

- Some kids drive before obtaining a license.

Target Text: Teenagers often drive at high speeds.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 27.433294
Retrieved Text: A simple and Spiritual Life: A Testimony that Reveals The TRUTH of Genesis Chapter 1 thru Genesis 2:3!
A Testimony that Reveals The TRUTH of Genesis Chapter 1 thru Genesis 2:3!
However, the links to other testimonies within this testimony are more detailed, and i can but hope they will be rightly understood!
And then i experienced The Miracle that IS being "Born Again" of The Holy, Set Apart, SPIRIT that IS Our FATHER and GOD on December 15, 1985!
The testimony revealed in Genesis 1:6-10 when The Heavens and then the earth were created, reveals that Genesis 1:1 was liken unto a "preview" which revealed but a portion of that which would follow.
Such reveals how things were prior to Our FATHER and GOD(ELOHIM) Speaking HIS Word into being.
And most certainly such was not natural light! For the sun, moon and stars were not Created until The 4th Day of Creation as revealed in Genesis 1:14-19!
OUR FATHER and GOD spoke, and then Created the firmament HE called Heaven!
Our FATHER and GOD spoke, and the earth and seas were!
Once Again: Genesis 1:6-10 reveals that Genesis 1:1, "In The Beginning GOD(ELOHIM) created The Heavens and the earth!", was liken unto a "preview" of that which was to come!
Genesis 1:11-13 in conjunction with Genesis 1:6-10 once again reveals that Genesis 1:1, "In The Beginning GOD(ELOHIM) created The Heavens and the earth!", was but a statement concerning the Creation narrative that would follow!
And GOD(ELOHIM) made two great (natural) lights, the greater light to rule the day, and the lesser light to rule the night.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 26.55254
Retrieved Text: Without realizing it, these statements are damaging and are causing much more harm than good, which is why I want to cover the topic today.
Before I answer, “Is God in control?” I want to first go back to a very similar, yet foundational principle, God’s Sovereignty, which I addressed here. I encourage you to read the whole post, but to quickly recap, sovereignty in the dictionary is defined as follows: 1. Paramount; supreme. 2. Having supreme rank or power. 3. Independent: a sovereign state. 4. Excellent. If you use this correct definition, then yes, God is sovereign. The problem is most people incorrectly define sovereignty and therefore also believe God controls everything.
If God is in control, then why do people go to the doctor when they are sick?
If God is in control, then why do people go to a counselor when they are facing marriage problems?
If God is in control, then why do people pray?
If God is in control, then why would anyone be interested in having a relationship with him?
Let me also say, if God is in control then He would be a murderer, a thief, a liar, a burglar, abusive, manipulative and a destroyer, among many other awful things. Most control is actually a form of abuse. Basically what some people accuse God of any earthly parent would be in jail for. Yikes!
Before moving forward I want to again reiterate, I am not diminishing God’s power or the fact that He is supreme and holds the whole world in his hands. What I am

########
Rank: 2
Score: 26.287285
Retrieved Text: Chances are if you have seen any courtroom drama on TV or in a movie, you are aware of the concept of hearsay – generally, statements made outside of court by a third-party that are cannot be offered as evidence in court. The general bar on hearsay evidence can have a huge impact in litigation, particularly in child custody cases where a parent want to testify as to what their child said, which a hearsay statement that should be excluded from evidence.
Hearsay evidence typically consists of one party testifying as to what another said outside of court. A Mother’s testimony that “my son told me that his Father is always drunk” is oral hearsay. An email Father introduces from the child’s soccer coach which says “Mom is always late picking son up from practice” is written hearsay (so long as the soccer coach is not present in court).
As a general rule, hearsay is prohibited by the North Carolina Evidence Code and must be excluded from evidence, however, as is often the case, there are hearsay exceptions. One example is a record created in the regular course of business, for example, a child’s report card, which can typically be offered without having each and every teacher appear to testify as to the grade given.
In North Carolina child custody cases, statements made by children can often be extremely relevant for the Court to decide the issue of child custody. While the child’s out-of-court statement is typically inadmissible hearsay evidence, there are certain ways tactics under the Rules which

########
Rank: 3
Score: 25.700031
Retrieved Text: In your VoicePulse for Business portal you can create different routing rules based on either the "Caller ID Name" of the person calling or the "Caller ID Number".
Step 2: Create Caller ID Routing rule.
Step 3: Route Inbound Calls to Caller ID Routing rule.
The first step in setting up Caller ID Routing is to decide where you want to route the call. You need to do this step first because the destination you want to route to needs to be created before you create the Caller ID routing rule.
If the destination already exists or doesn't need to be created (e.g. routing to an outside number), you can skip to step 2.
In this example we are going to set up a Caller ID Routing rule for "Anonymous" callers. Since we don't want to be bothered by spam or telemarketer calls, we are just going to play a "SIT" or disconnect tone and end the call. To do this we first need to create an "Announcement mailbox". This lets us upload our disconnect tone for us to use in the Caller ID Routing.
To learn how to create an "Announcement Mailbox" see the article below.
Now that you have decided on or created your destination in Step 1, let's create your Caller ID Routing rule.
In your portal click on the "Services" tab and then click on "Caller ID Routing" in the left side menu as seen below.
For "Route Name" enter a name that describes what this rule is for. We are going to name this one "Anonymous Caller ID".
There are 2

########
Rank: 4
Score: 25.398005
Retrieved Text: Let us start by discussing the following problem. Take any whole number between 1 and 999 inclusive and add the squares of the digits to get a new number. Try 145 and see what happens.Can you see that, whatever number we start with (between 1 and 999) we always get another number which is less than 1000. Let's use this idea to look at a problem.
and, of course, the sequence then starts repeating itself. Try some numbers yourself to see what patterns you get.
Numbers, like 193, which start a sequence leading to the number 1 are sometimes called ' happy numbers '.
(2) to consider other situations of this type (i.e. generalisations of it).
The first important step is to show that whichever number we start with (less than 1000) we always get a number less than 1000. Let us see why this is true, and then see why it is important.
We shall consider numbers greater than 1000 in a later article but you may like to try some out now.
Any number less than 1000 has only one, two or three digits, and each of the digit is, of course, at most 9. This means that when we add the squares of the digits, the largest number we can get is 3 x (9 x 9), which is 243, and this is less than 1000. It is worth noting here that although this little argument is very simple, it is (as we said earlier) very important. In mathematics, arguments can be simple and important, or difficult and unimportant

########
Rank: 5
Score: 25.112448
Retrieved Text: The floor plan must be prepared on Plan form 1 in accordance with schedules 10 and 12 of the Lodgment Rules.
vertical boundaries, these are defined by lines on the floor plan which relate to structures.
horizontal boundaries, these are defined by a structural surface, such as a floor or ceiling, or a stratum statement relating to a structural surface.
There are rules to be applied when showing the lot boundaries.
A north point (directed upwards).
The boundaries of all lots and part lots by continuous (ie unbroken) lines. The boundaries which are defined by a structure must be shown by thick lines and the boundaries not defined by structures are shown by thin lines.
Boundaries which are not defined by a structure are referred to as line boundaries. Line boundaries must be either a prolongation of a structural surface or perpendicular from a specific point on a structural surface. Alternatively they may be defined by connections which are either a prolongation of the structural surface or perpendicular from a specific point on a structural surface.
Stratum statements for those parts of the lots which do not have structural cover and or a structural base to define their horizontal boundaries (ie upper and lower limits).
The lot number for each lot or part lot. Part lots must be identified as such. Lot numbering must be consecutive and commence with lot 1.
An area for each lot or part lot. Part lot areas should be shown in brackets and a total area must be shown within or relevant to the most significant part of the lot.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 25.061728
Retrieved Text: Orissa High Court: A Single Judge Bench comprising of A.K. Rath, J., dismissed the petition under Article 227 of the Constitution which challenged the order by the Addl. Senior Civil Judge, Puri whereby the trial court allowed the application of the plaintiff under Order 18 Rule 1 CPC and directed the defendants to begin first.
The plaintiff instituted the suit for partition. The defendants filed a written statement stating that the said property was renovated and developed by their father and after the death of their father, they became the exclusive owners of the suit property. The plaintiff thereafter filed an application under Order 18 Rule 1 CPC for a direction to the defendants to begin first. Defendants filed an objection to the same. The trial court allowed the application. This gave rise to the question that hinged for consideration that as to whether the defendants shall begin first?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 24.974718
Retrieved Text: Situations arise in which we may have multiple versions of a particular image or object, for a variety of reasons.
As we cannot foresee all the situations, we will proceed in determining policies in a case by case fashion.
1 Rule 1. Different format, same original.
2 Rule 2. Same format, alternative original.
3 Rule 3. Alternative version of same format, same original.
Rule 1. Different format, same original.
Clearly, if another format of the same file is being created, the only change needs to be the extension.
A jpeg made from the tif file u0003_000608_0000234_0001.tif would be named u0003_000608_0000234_0001.jpg.
A plain text derivation of the tif file u0003_000608_0000234_0001.tif (created by OCR process or hand-typing into a plain text editor) would be named u0003_000608_0000234_0001.txt.
Someone reads the letter into a microphone, digitizing the text in audio format. In this case, no pagination is involved, so the filename of the ITEM ends in the extension of the audio format, for example: u0003_000608_0000234.mp3.
Rule 2. Same format, alternative original.
If, however another tiff is being made of an alternate version of the same object, we need another method.
The reasoning in the last example in Rule 1 is appropriate for a temporary working solution. That is, during the production process, the alternate version will be stored in a separate folder labeled appropriately. In this case, we are storing the scans of the typed transcripts of handwritten documents in a folder labeled "Transcriptions".
If the alternative original is to be kept long term, for example, another publication of a sheet music item we already have, then it should be issued its own

########
Rank: 8
Score: 24.75983
Retrieved Text: Universality in arithmetic, illustrated by an integer equation whose solutions in effect emulate the rule 110 universal cellular automaton from Chapter 11. The equation has many solutions, but all of them satisfy the constraint that the variables x1 through x4 must encode possible initial conditions and evolution histories for rule 110. If one fills in fixed values for x1, x2 and x3, then only one value for x4 is ever possible—corresponding to the evolution history of rule 110 for x3 steps starting from a width x1 initial condition given by the digit sequence of x2. In general any statement about the possible behavior of rule 110 can be encoded as a statement in arithmetic about solutions to the equation. So for example if one fills in values for x1, x2 and x4, but not x3, then the statement that the equation has no solution for any x3 corresponds to a statement that rule 110 can never exhibit certain behavior, even after any number of steps. But the universality of rule 110 implies that such statements must in general be undecidable. So from this it follows that in at least some instances the axioms of arithmetic can never be used to give a finite proof of whether or not the statement is true. The construction shown here can be viewed as providing a simple proof of Gödel's Theorem on the existence of unprovable statements in arithmetic. Note that the equation shown is a so-called exponential Diophantine one, in which some variables appear in exponents. At the cost

########
Rank: 9
Score: 24.737862
Retrieved Text: Calibre Computer Solutions, LLC has been providing leading-edge, proactive computer support for residential and business clients in the southwestern Indiana and southeastern Illinois area since September 2004. Our professional staff brings over 35 years combined education and experience in the Information Technology field. Our affiliations and partnerships with many computer industry leaders continue to grow each year.
Summary of Predefined PL/SQL Exceptions An internal exception is raised automatically if your PL/SQL program violates an Oracle rule or exceeds a system-dependent limit. Command> DECLARE v_invalid PLS_INTEGER; > BEGIN > v_invalid := 100/0; > EXCEPTION > WHEN ZERO_DIVIDE THEN > DBMS_OUTPUT.PUT_LINE ('Attempt to divide by 0'); > END; > / Attempt to divide by TIMEOUT_ON_RESOURCE ORA-00051 -51 Timeout occurred while the database was waiting for a resource. As a result, Oracle Database will raise the ORA-06502 error, which is predefined in PL/SQL as VALUE_ERROR.
I catch the error and display the number of rows in the Employees table WHERE department_id = 20. “0” is displayed, because the failure of the UPDATE statement did not cause Some articles in this blog are not owned by me. Figure 10-1 Propagation Rules: Example 1 Description of the illustration lnpls009.gif Figure 10-2 Propagation Rules: Example 2 Description of the illustration lnpls010.gif Figure 10-3 Propagation Rules: Example 3 Description of the For example, here is a procedure with unnecessary code that could be removed.
For a workaround, see "Defining Your Own Error Messages: Procedure RAISE_APPLICATION_ERROR". Databases SQL Oracle / PLSQL SQL Server MySQL MariaDB PostgreSQL SQLite MS Office Excel Access Word Web Development HTML CSS Color

########
Rank: 10
Score: 24.649021
Retrieved Text: Find all factor pairs for a whole number in the range 1- 100. Recognize that a whole number is a multiple of each of its factors. Determine whether a given whole number in the range 1- 100 is a multiple of a given one-digit number. Determine whether a given whole number in the range 1- 100 is prime or composite.
Generate a number or shape pattern that follows a given rule. Identify apparent features of the pattern that were not explicit in the rule itself. For example, given the rule ԁdd 3Ԡand the starting number 1, generate terms in the resulting sequence and observe that the terms appear to alternate between odd and even numbers. Explain informally why the numbers will continue to alternate in this way.
Explain why a fraction a/b is equivalent to a fraction (n-a)/(n-b) by using visual fraction models, with attention to how the number and size of the parts differ even though the two fractions themselves are the same size. Use this principle to recognize and generate equivalent fractions.
A. Understand a fraction a/b as a multiple of 1/b. For example, use a visual fraction model to represent 5/4 as the product 5 × (1/4), recording the conclusion by the equation 5/4 = 5 × (1/4).
A. An angle is measured with reference to a circle with its center at the common endpoint of the rays, by considering the fraction of the circular arc between the points where the two rays intersect the circle. An angle that turns through 1/360 of a circle is called

########
Rank: 11
Score: 24.63198
Retrieved Text: System Variables are filled by the ABAP run-time environment and can be used in an ABAP program to query system statuses in run-time.
sy-abcde c 26 Contains the Latin alphabet. Can be used to access individual letters directly by specifying the offset/length, regardless of the code page.
sy-batch c 1 "X" in an ABAP program running in the background; otherwise initial.
sy-binpt c 1 "X" when processing batch input sessions and in ABAP programs called by CALL TRANSACTION USING; otherwise initial. These defaults can be overridden using the addition OPTIONS FROM of the statement CALL TRANSACTION ... USING.
sy-calld c 1 A blank in the first program of a call sequence; otherwise "X". Set to "X" after calls using CALL TRANSACTION, CALL DIALOG, or SUBMIT ... AND RETURN. Empty if the program was started using LEAVE TO TRANSACTION or by a transaction code entered on the screen. A call using SUBMIT (without AND RETURN) takes the value of the calling program.
sy-callr c 8 When spooling lists, contains a value that indicates where spooling was started, for example NEW-PAGE for program-driven spooling or RSDBRUNT for spooling from the selection screen.
sy-colno i - Current position when a list is created in the list buffer; set whenever an output statement is used. Counting begins at 1. This position corresponding to the column in the displayed list is only guaranteed for the lower and upper output limits, since a single character may occupy more columns in the list than positions in the list buffer. See also Lists - System Fields.
sy-cpage i - Page number

########
Rank: 12
Score: 24.44098
Retrieved Text: While Lightning Process Builder has taken over the BPA (Business Process Automation) scene in the Salesforce development world, workflow and workflow rules are still very much alive for many Salesforce customers around the globe. I’ve taken an excerpt from my book, Practical Salesforce.com Development Without Code, and updated it for what I intend to be a helpful blog post for workflow developers / administrators.
The one thing you’re guaranteed to find in every active instance of Salesforce is interaction. It is a given that your users will add, edit, and/or remove data from your org on a regular basis. Consider these updates to Salesforce as the first step in your automation efforts . The second step is making Salesforce do what you want based on that initial user interaction with no further manual activity from users. In this post, we’ll examine how to make that happen with workflow rules.
Workflow rules look for a particular state of specific data (your criteria).
The workflow rules “fire” (i.e., become active) if the state of the data satisfies the configured criteria.
The workflow rules trigger designated, automated actions to occur.
Through this process, your organization has taken an additional step forward using process automation. Whether you use workflow rules to notify a colleague that further action is needed or you update a field to reflect the current state of data, you have ensured that some desired action will happen and you did it all with a small, one-time investment of your cerebral efforts as opposed to an ongoing, manual activity.
With the potential value that

########
Rank: 13
Score: 24.361881
Retrieved Text: This set of VHDL Interview Questions and Answers for freshers focuses on “Operators – 2”.
Explanation: Identifier is a simple name given to any constant, variable, signal, entity, port or a subprogram. A name must begin with alphabetic letter. It may contain alphanumeric characters and underscore sign. Reserved words of VHDL can’t be used as identifiers.
2. What is the use of shift operators?
Explanation: Shift operators are used to shifting of data. These operators were introduced in the VHDL93.
3. What is the “SLL” operator?
Explanation: SLL is a shift operator used to shift bits of the operand to one left position and fills the rightmost position with zero. Shift Left Logical(SLL) operator will shift the bits logically. For example, we had data 0100 in the operand, then after applying SLL, we will get 1000.
Explanation: SLL and SRL operators can shift the operands of vector type. It may be BIT_VECTOR type or STD_LOGIC_VECTOR type. The left operand is shifted towards left or right depending on the operator with number of shifts represented by right operand which always must be an INTEGER type.
5. Refer to the code given below, what should be the output of the identifier ‘y’ and ‘z’?
Explanation: SRL operator will shift the operand towards right and SLL will shift the same towards left. All the left bits will be filled with zero in SRL operation and in SLL right bits will be filled with zero. Therefore, y must be x shifted towards right with 2 positions.
Explanation: SRA and SLA expands to Shift Right Arithmetically and Shift Left Arithmetically

########
Rank: 14
Score: 24.302393
Retrieved Text: VBA activate range macro code helps you to activate a range in an excel worksheet. You can use the Activate method of Range object to activate any range or one single cell in the worksheet. You can follow this tutorial to know – how to activate a range using VBA in Excel 2003,2007,2010,2013 or above.
Why we need to activate a Range?
Why we need to activate a Range using VBA?
When we are automating any tasks we can activate a range and perform different tasks with the active range. For example, we can format the background color, font color, font style, font size etc.
Here is the example syntax to activate a range using VBA.
Usage:The below excel macro will activate range D1.
Here, Activate is the method of Range object. Where D1 is the Range which we want to activate.
Please see the below VBA codes to activate a Range.
Example 1:Activating one single cell.
The below macro can be used to activate a one single cell. It can be written in two ways. The first one is using Range object and the second statement is using cells object(Range is a collection of cells or one single cell).
In Range(“A2”).Activate statement ‘A2’ is the range which we are activating. Here, ‘A’ is the column name and ‘2’ is the row number.
In Cells(2, 1).Activate statement ‘2’ is the row number and ‘1’ is the column number.
The below macro can be used to activate multiple cells. You can mention the start range and end range separated with a colon. For example, To activate a range from

########
Rank: 15
Score: 24.266329
Retrieved Text: In this tutorial we show how to program databases in PHP PDO.
The PHP Data Objects (PDO) defines a lightweight interface for accessing databases in PHP. It provides a data-access abstraction layer for working with databases in PHP. It defines consistent API for working with various database systems.
The PDO represents a connection between PHP and a database server. The PDOStatement represents a prepared statement and, after the statement is executed, an associated result set. The PDOException represents an error raised by PDO.
In this tutorial, we work with MySQL database.
These SQL commands create a countries table.
The PDO query() executes an SQL statement in a single function call, returning the result set (if any) returned by the statement.
The example returns the version of MySQL.
These variables are used to create a connection string to the database. The dsn is the Data Source Name, which contains the information required to connect to the database.
A new PDO object is created. We pass the constructor the data source name and the user name and password. The PDO class represents a connection between PHP and a database server.
The query() method executes an SQL statement in a single function call. It returns the result set.
The PDO statement's fetch() method fetches the next row from a result set. In our case it is a version of MySQL.
The $version is an array; we get its first value.
The PDO exec() executes an SQL statement and returns the number of affected rows.
The code example deletes three rows. It prints the number of affected rows.
In this SQL statement, we delete

########
Rank: 16
Score: 24.169477
Retrieved Text: If there are more than two distinct numbers of consecutive failures in the alert rules.
The existing threshold in the monitor and the number of consecutive failures in the alert rules are moved to new CRITICAL level thresholds created in the monitor. There will be as many CRITICAL level thresholds created in the monitor as there were distinct numbers of consecutive failures in the existing alert rules.
All alert rules are updated to be mapped to the newly created CRITICAL thresholds. Each alert rule is mapped to the threshold with the same number of consecutive failures as it was in the alert rule before migration.
Alert rules will trigger and alerts will be sent whenever the threshold the rule is linked to is violated.
These are legacy alert rules. You can change them from threshold based to state based by mapping them to the CRITICAL or WARNING state of the monitor instead of the specific thresholds that they are tied to.
Once changed to state based the rule can’t be rolled back to threshold based.
Example: before migration to Alerts 2.0 the user had 5 alert rules in his Drive monitor, 2 of which were set to alert upon 1 failure, 2 were set to alert upon 2 failures, and 1 was set to alert upon 3 failures. There were thus three distinct numbers of failures in the monitor’s alert rules: 1, 2 and 3.
As there are 3 distinct numbers of consecutive failures in the alert rules (1, 2 and 3), 3 CRITICAL level thresholds are created in the monitor.
Alert rules are

########
Rank: 17
Score: 24.074245
Retrieved Text: Regional compliance rules define the period of time in which messaging attempts can be made for each region included in a sub-campaign. Regardless of the time frame for your sub-campaigns and the hours of the contact center, contact attempts will be made only during the configured time frame for a given region.
Date compliance rules define dates on which no messaging attempts can be made. The Do Not Contact Date period is midnight to midnight, and will suppress all attempts on all devices on that date, regardless of timezone. If a pass is running, and a Do Not Contact Date is defined for the current day, the pass will finish, but no pending passes will start.
These rules are configured by your enterprise administrator in the Enterprise Account and apply to all accounts in the enterprise.
Location rules are enclosed in a rules tag with a type attribute of Contact. For example: <rules type=”Contact”>. Attempt rules are enclosed in a rules tag with a type attribute of Contact Attempt. For example: <rules type=”ContactAttempt”>.
name: The rule name must be unique within the account and rule type, and may contain letters, digits, hyphens, and underscores, and spaces.
required: The rule may be required (true) or optional (false).
priority: Rules also have a priority from 1 (highest) to 999 (lowest). The priority assigned to each rule within an account must be unique within its type. The priority controls the order in which rules are executed. In general, the best practice is to give rules that will cause the most suppressions the highest priorities.
Postal code

########
Rank: 18
Score: 24.062727
Retrieved Text: I have to say I'm very dissappointed. My previous post had quite a few views but no replies?!?
I am using Right Isosceles Triangles, I only want to rotate them by 90 degrees and by doing this I want to know the total number of possible shapes, with at least 1 side of each triangle touching.
Below is an example of the type of triangle, the method of rotation and a visual of what I mean by the "shape" (created with at least 1 side of each triangle touching). I have illustrated "shapes" created using 2 triangles; however, I would like a rule to give a total number of possible shapes when using, 2, 3, 4...up to 10 triangles if possible!
Any questions or problems with my explanation, please reply and I'll be happy to settle any confusion.
NOTE: Remember, at least 1 side of each triangle must be touching another & rotation is only at 90 degrees.
I'm trying to make a rule. Hold on!
What happens when you reach 5 triangles?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 23.997145
Retrieved Text: The Nicene Creed is a famous statement of Christian faith, the original form of which dates back to the Council of Nicaea, called by Roman Emperor Constantine in AD325. On this page we explore what the Nicene Creed means, and also take a look at the history behind this profession of belief. There is also a printable text version to download, and an inspiring video reading of this prayer.
For in him (Christ) all things were created: things in heaven and on earth, visible and invisible, whether thrones or powers or rulers or authorities; all things have been created through him and for him".
• Christ created ALL things. (Col 1:18) Hence Christ is not a created being, as Christ created everything. He also can not be an angel or archangel as these are all beings created by God. He can only be God Himself. Furthermore, Christ is of one being (or "consubstantial") with the Father. This has scriptural resonance when we consider that Christ says of His relationship with the Father "I and the Father are One" (John 10:30, NIV) and God is often recorded as acting in the plural in the Old Testament, for example, in Genesis 1:26 God says "Let us make man in our image". The confession of this creed explicitly refutes the claims of Arianism, a view popularised by Arius in around AD 300 that the Father is pre-eminent over the Son, and that Christ is a created being.
The Creed also declares Christ to be fully human, and this confession devotes several lines

########
Rank: 20
Score: 23.99186
Retrieved Text: Confidence level is a statistical measure of the percentage of test results that can be expected to be within a specified range. For example, a confidence level of 95 percent means that the result of an action will probably meet expectations 95 percent of the time. When physicists search for a signal of the Higgs boson, they select particle collisions with observed characteristics similar to those a Higgs production would feature. The result of this data selection will always include background events, i.e. ones which did not involve a Higgs boson decay, but are anyway individually undistinguishable from the signal. The existence of the Higgs boson would however increase the number of selected events, so one may compare the number of selected events with the predicted yield from known backgrounds alone, to make a statistical statement about the Higgs production rate. If the number of observed events is close to the background prediction, then one can rule out a sizable contribution from the Higgs boson decay signal, which would have created an excess of events. Given a signal rate and a background prediction, one can compute the probability that a total number of events smaller or equal to the ones observed is seen. Signal rates for which the probability would be smaller than 5% are then said to be "excluded at 95% confidence level". Note that the choice of 95% as a division line between what is allowed or excluded by the data is arbitrary, and has merely historical justification.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 23.98684
Retrieved Text: This is a prophecy of the coming rule of Jesus on earth. These verses gather into one announcement the predictions of the birth, the deity, his earthly government, his just kingdom, and eternity of Christ.
Jesus did not happen upon earth. From eternity God planned to “give” him. Jesus is the Son of God. Jesus existed eternally as the Son. The word “Son” is used to show the relationship between the Father and Son.
Jesus will reign as King Jesus King of the world. The government of the entire world is on his shoulders.
When he came he was a wonder. He transcends human understanding. He is unique among human beings. He stands supreme above everyone else. His name is wonderful because he is wonderful.
Jesus reveals the mind of God. He counsels us from God’s perspective. He gives God’s council.
He is God almighty. In Him dwells all the fullness of the Deity in bodily form (Colossians 2:9).
This is better translated “The Father of eternity.” All the ages meet in him (Hebrews 1:2). The Son is not to be confused with the Father, although the Father and He are one (John 10:30).
And His name will be called… Prince of Peace.
Peace will characterize his reign upon earth.
God made a covenant with David many years before the writing of Isaiah that His Son would reign forever. This has not yet been fulfilled. Jesus has not yet been seated upon that throne. There is a day coming when He will reign (Revelation 3:21).
PRINCIPLE: God predicted the coming of Christ. He is sovereign over

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.93126
Retrieved Text: What if the advice given here disagrees with what your book or instructor says?
How many significant figures does a measurement have?
When I look at a measurement that someone else has given me, how can I tell how many significant figures it has?
What about the zeroes? Are they significant or not?
Why is scientific notation helpful?
How do I handle significant figures in calculations?
So, how many Significant Digits do we keep?
Should I round off to the proper number of significant figures at each step?
Significant figures are used to keep track of the quality (variability) of measurements. This includes propagating that information during calculations using the measurements. The purpose of this page is to help you organize the information about significant figures -- to help you set priorities. Sometimes students are overwhelmed by too many rules, and lack guidance about how to sort through them. What is the purpose? Which rules are most important?
Significant Digits relate to measurements. When you think about how many Significant Digits a number has, think about where the number came from.
The most important rule for handling Significant Digits when doing calculations is the rule for multiplication.
The rules for handling Significant Digits in other types of calculations.
Let's break that into two parts. One is about the information per se, and the other is about priorities, about the approach to thinking about Significant Digits. The information here should agree, for the most part. However, what may be different is the order of presenting things, with a different perspective in the approach -- the steps -- to learning

########
Rank: 23
Score: 23.92614
Retrieved Text: The current article series, include three articles that are dedicated to the subject of – using PowerShell for “view” information about Office 365 (Azure Active Directory), and Exchange Online objects.
The first article includes a basic introduction to the PowerShell “Where statement,” that we use as a “filter” for getting information about objects with specific characters.
The third article includes many samples of – filtering search results in the Exchange Online environment. The example that I provide, will be related to the Exchange Online “Mailbox object,” and to the Exchange Online different type of recipients.
Why do we need to create a Filter Search?
One of an essential needs of each Administrator who manages any infrastructure is, the ability to look (search) for a “specific object,” and perform some “action” on those objects.
In Office 365 and Exchange Online, the term “objects” can be translated to various type objects such as -Azure Active Directory user accounts, Exchange Online mailboxes, Public Folders, Groups and so on.
The meaning of – performing some action can also be translated to an endless number of examples.
Update some property of the specified objects.
Enable a specific feature on the specified objects.
Export information about the specified objects to file such as Text, CSV, and HTML.
What to do with the “Filtered Search” results?
In this scenario, our purpose is just to get an “answer” to a “question,” that will be displayed on the PowerShell console. For example, show me all the Office 365 that doesn’t have a license, show me all the Exchange Online mailboxes that considered “Shared mailbox” and so

########
Rank: 24
Score: 23.874857
Retrieved Text: In this tutorial, I will demonstrate how to apply formatting to data based on its identifier stored in the id field.
As you've seen, each data point can have values set for format parameters such as color, stroke_thickness, fill_color, and so on. These elements can be defined in (a) the data file itself, independently for each data point (b) in rule blocks or (c) as global settings for the entire data set.
However, it may be convenient to assign an annotation to your data points and then calculate format values based on the annotation. This is where the id field is useful—this field does not directly impact the way the data point is displayed, but tags it with a string which you can use in rule blocks.
In the first example, I'll show you how to dynamically format tiles.
condition = var(id) eq "LINE"
For example, this set of rules applies different formatting to elements with id LINE, SINE, SIMPLE and OTHER. For LINE elements, fill color is set to green, but LINE1 and LINE2 elements have an additional stroke_color condition.
The first rule makes use of the flow=continue directive, which prevents the rule chain from terminating if this rule matches. This allows a rule for LINE and another rule for the more specific LINE1 or LINE2 test. To read more about rule flow, see Basic Rules Tutorial.
Let's look how link formatting can be adjusted in the same way.
Suppose you have links which have an id field that contains your annotation. In this example, I use an annotation in the format number-number

########
Rank: 25
Score: 23.863646
Retrieved Text: If you are generating international labels through APC, you may find that your customers are contacting you to ask why the tracking is not working. Customers can typically track their orders via www.USPS.com however, with APC labels, the tracking number is most accurately tracked through the APC tracking website.
A helpful tool to minimize any confusion is a custom e-mail template assigned to those packages that includes a note in the template reminding your customer to track the package on the APC tracking website.
Create a brand new e-mail template following this guide. Below, you will find an example e-mail template that we have put together for this scenario.
Edit Tracking Note: "Please copy & paste the tracking number here for timely updates."
NOTE: Make sure to hyper-link the word "here" to the APC Tracking website. More below.
Click the chain-link icon in the blue bar at the top of the editor. Paste in the APC tracking website link. Tick the box to Open in new tab and select OK.
Once the template is created, you will be sent back to the EMAIL TEMPLATES page where you will see your APC template displayed.
Next, create a Shipping Rule to automatically apply this template to your International shipments. Follow this guide to create a Shipping Rule or see the example Shipping Rule below that we have put together for this scenario.
Click Save Rule to save the Shipping Rule.
Once created, you will be sent back to the SHIPPING RULES page where you will see your APC Shipments rule displayed.
Your customer will automatically receive the customized

########
Rank: 26
Score: 23.78124
Retrieved Text: The Wisconsin Department of Revenue proposes an order to: repeal Tax 2.05, 2.66 (2) (b) (Note) and (4) (c) (Note), and 2.67 (2) (c) 2. and 3.; amend Tax 1.15 (title), (1), and (5) (intro.) and (Note), 2.61 (9) (c) 3. (Example), 2.67 (2) (c) 1. and 4. and (d) 1. and 3., 2.82 (1) (a), (4) (c) (Example), and (5) (a) (Example), 2.88 (3) (a), 4.10 (3) (b) 2., 4.65 (3) (c), 14.01 (4) (a), (b), and (c), and 14.03 (3) (a) and (a) (Example), (4) (b) 23. h., and (5) (a) 7.; repeal and recreate Tax 1.15 (2), (3), and (4); and create Tax 2.88 (3) (c) and 14.01 (4) (a) (Note); relating to income, franchise, and excise tax provisions.
The scope statement for this rule, SS 065-14, was approved by the Governor on July 1, 2014, published in Register No. 703 on July 31, 2014, and approved by the Chair of the Investment and Local Impact Fund Board on August 27, 2014.
Statutes interpreted: ss. 70.395 and 70.396, Stats.
Statutory authority: s. ss. 70.395 (2) (c), (hg), (hr), and (i), Stats.
1. Certify to the department of administration the amount of funds to be distributed under pars. (d) to (g) and to be paid under (j).
2. Determine the amount which is not distributed under subd. 1. Which shall be invested under s. 25.17 (1) (jc).
Section 70.395 (2) (c) 1., Stats. authorizes the board to promulgate parts of Tax 13.05, 13.06, 13.07, and 13.08. Most of the statutorily authorized procedures are promulgated in Tax 13.07 (2). The proposed

########
Rank: 27
Score: 23.694689
Retrieved Text: In Virginia law schools, a significant amount of time and attention is spent making future lawyers understand the importance and significance of the hearsay rule as it is complex and may one day be vital to a case. This article may answer some of your questions.
You hear it all of the time on television court shows “Objection! Hearsay!” But what exactly is hearsay? Hearsay is evidence in court that is a statement made out of court being offered for the truth of the matter asserted. The statement rests upon the credibility of the person who made the out-of-court statement.
Hearsay evidence is not admissible because there is no way for the opposing party to cross-examine the person who made the statement out of court. Cross-examination is one of the most important tenants of receiving a fair trial.
The rule barring hearsay includes oral statements, written statements and even nonverbal conduct or communication. An example of non-verbal conduct from an actual Virginia Supreme Court case is the police asking a defendant's wife to bring them the shirt he was wearing when he came home. If the wife brought a shirt in but said nothing, her act is inadmissible because it is like a declaration that the defendant was wearing that particular shirt.
In addition to it having to be a statement, it also must be offered to prove the truth of the matter asserted. A statement offered for any purpose other than to prove the truth of the matter asserted is not hearsay.
For example, the statement of a witness to

########
Rank: 28
Score: 23.672438
Retrieved Text: The securities attorneys at Hamilton & Associates Law Group have provided many private companies with their going public solutions using a Form S-1 registration statement. We will design and implement the going public structure most beneficial to your company. Hamilton & Associates has represented more than 300 market participants in securities law matters and going public transactions. Private companies going public using an SEC registration statement have a variety of structures available to them.
Hamilton & Associates will structure the most cost and time effective going public solution for your private company seeking public company status.
All companies qualify to register securities on a Form S-1 registration statement. Private companies going public should be aware of the expansive disclosure required by in registration statements filed with the SEC prior to making the decision to go public. A registration statement on Form S-1 has two principal parts which require expansive disclosures. Part I of the registration statement is the prospectus which requires that the company provide certain disclosures about its business operations, financial condition, and management. Part II contains information that doesn’t have to be delivered to investors.
Rule 405 defines a smaller reporting company as a company that: (i) had a public float of less than $75 million as of the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter, computed by multiplying the aggregate number of shares of its common equity held by non-affiliates by the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average of the bid and asked prices of common

########
Rank: 29
Score: 23.640274
Retrieved Text: have to lose our minds to come to our senses." C All in all, it is easy to understand the reasons behind the continued existence of capital punishment in a national 4 discursive essay number of countries, in spite of this, however, I cannot personally. In my opinion, this trend has more disadvantages than advantages. 1 "Animals should be treated with the same respect as humans." Do you agree with this view? Wealthy businessmen, for example, are often the most highly respected members of society, and business tycoons are often consulted by world leaders, who then make policies which affect the whole population. Rich people can be just as unhappy as poor people. If you are unsure about this, check out this lesson on identifying the task. The golden rule is to always read the question very carefully ( never rush this as you may not fully answer the question ) and work out what you have. 2 "The generation gap is one which cannot be bridged." Discuss. The Rules of Procedure say in part that: No Member can sit or participate in the proceedings of the House until the Oath or Affirmation of Allegiance to the Treaty is taken. Paragraphs 4-5 arguments against justifications, examples or reasons. However, at best these methods are ineffective, and at worst they may be dangerous. This lesson has provided you with some broad guidance on writing a thesis statement national 4 discursive essay for different types of essay. Then there&apos;s the question of your boyfriend or girlfriend. Then, say

================



======= Instance Index 17 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

Daughter: Guess what, Mom. I got it.

Mother: Great. That's super.

Father: What's going on? So, what did you get me?

Daughter: Nothing. I got my driver's license. Okay. Bye.

Father: Wait, wait, wait. Where are you going?

Daughter: Mom said I could take the car to school this morning, and ...

Father: Hold on here. I've prepared a few rules regarding the use of the motor vehicles in this house.

Daughter: Like what?

Father: Let me get my notes here.

Daughter: Dad! That looks like a book? Mom, Dad's being mean to me.

Father: Okay, let me get my reading glasses here. Okay, here we are. Rule number one: No driving with friends for the first six months.

Daughter: What?

Father: Teenagers often lack the judgment to drive responsibly, especially when several teenagers are involved. I mean they speed, they joyride, they cruise around town way past midnight.

Daughter: But that's not me! Do I really need this lecture? This is such a drag!

Father: Furthermore, who really needs a car when a pair of shoes will work? I mean, life was different when I was your age. In fact, I used to walk to school ...

Daughter: Yeah, yeah. I know. Both ways uphill in ten feet of snow. I've heard this story many times.

Father: Yeah. Oh, where were we? Oh yes. Rule number two: You always must wear your seat belt and obey the rules of the road.

Daughter: Duh. I wasn't born yesterday.

Father: Okay, rule number three: You can't drive long distances at night because you might get drowsy and drive off the road. But driving to the movie theater is fine.

Daughter: But the movie theater is right across the street from our house.

Father: Exactly, so you can just park in the driveway and walk there.

Daughter: Mom! Dad's being unreasonable.

Father: And rule number four: You should never use a cell phone while driving. That could cause an accident.

Daughter: But YOU do.

Father: That's different.

Daughter: How's it different? You even need my help to turn your cell phone on.

Father: And rule number five: Remember that I love you,...

Question: Why does the father ask the daughter not to drive at night? 

- The roads tend to become icy and slippery.

- It is more difficult to see obstacles in the road.

- The girl might fall asleep at the wheel.

Target Text: The girl might fall asleep at the wheel.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 29.205315
Retrieved Text: MOTHER (on the phone):  so I was thinking I might get myself one of those hats like the new First Lady has. What do you call those hats that Mrs. Kennedy wears? . . . Pill-boxes, thats right. Pill-boxes. So what do you think? Margaret thought it wouldnt look good on me, but what do you think, Betty?
FATHER: Damn Ruskies! Look at this! Everytime you turn around the Reds are shooting something else into space. How do those godless communists do it? Thats what Id like to know.
DAUGHTER: Mom, can you help me with my homework?
MOTHER: Hang on, Betty. (Covers the phone). What do you want?
DAUGHTER: I said can you help me with my homework? This is hard.
MOTHER: Im sorry, dear. I dont understand that math theyre doing nowadays. Ask your father.
SON: Mom! I need some baking soda!
MOTHER: Hang on, Betty. (Covers the phone.) What do you want?
SON: Baking soda! I need a big box of baking soda.
MOTHER: Look in the cabinet.
DAUGHTER: Why do you need baking soda and vinegar?
DAUGHTER: What kind of  wait a minute, you dont have science.
DAUGHTER: Dad  do you know anything about algebra?
FATHER: Huh? What? Oh, that. Big mess for DeGaulle. Big mess.
FATHER: Algeria. Big mess for France. Colonialism; always trouble.
DAUGHTER: Not Algeria  algebra!
SON: Dad, I need a pipe.
FATHER: Hmm? What? Here you go.
SON: Not that kind of pipe. Like a metal pipe.
FATHER: Oh. Go look in the garage.
FATHER: Ill tell you how they do it. Its because they can just order people to do something and it

########
Rank: 1
Score: 28.37012
Retrieved Text: A musical is intended for young people, their parents and various educational environments.
It is the story about growing-up, lost and found love. Its aim is to show the problem of addictions taking into account both psychological background (including situation of families) as well as effects on the addicts and co-addicts, the possibility and necessity of help.
Using music, light and dance, words telling about feelings and experiences intensively affect the imagination of the audience, evoke reflections and stay in memory.
Musical content refers to the everyday experiences of young people and adults, asks questions about the balance between duties towards family, wards, yourself and relax or other free time activities. It tells about dreams and reality; it makes you think about your relations and the time we are given.
Night in the Middle of a Day. "Together".
Consultation: dance - Karolina Felska, addiction - Krzysztof Rubas; we were helped by lots of people for whom the common good is important.
Night in the Middle of a Day. The scene of the second talk with daughter .
Night in the Middle of a Day. "Memory".
And where is the umbrella?
And what if the nice voice will come back?
I am sick of this waiting already.
Waiting for an elevator to come.
So why is the heart beating so fast?
Someone else used to ask that question already, I think it was my mom.
Even if it does, he?s a boyfriend not a husband.
(She) would you like to?
(She) The stars, and the mountains and me?
(She) And Let him find a path for our dreams too.
which you do not like so

########
Rank: 2
Score: 25.330263
Retrieved Text: I have a 4 year old daughter and the father of my child is denying me access to see the child. we both live in pretoria. he stays with a girlfriend.we are not married. I only see the child when he wants me to see her. i raised the child by myself and this year she had to live with my parents in western cape in january but she came back in june due to problems at home. Since then she has been staying with her fathers parents in johannesburg. I had to go to jhb around 5pm and its dangerous to drive around Alex if you are a woman. The father didnt want to fetch the child himself. we both have cars. A week ago i went to Jhb to fetch the child so that she can be closer to us during holidays and I took her to her father because i live in the qarters of where i work and i wanted her to stay with the father for the nite so that i wudnt have a problem in the morning. The father stays with her girlfriend and some nephews who take care of our daughter whilst im at work. He was so furious with this arrangement. withwe broke up 8 months ago and we dont live far from each other.we both work work and support the child and yesterday i spent R700 on clothing for the child inlcuding toys. The only thing he bought was 2 tshirts and some lousy things for her.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 25.15448
Retrieved Text: Does medimgtony belong in this group?
Lets find out Diving for 20 yrs. PADI cert. OWSI - Experienced Commercial diver with inspection specialty. Love deep, night, wreck, and lobter diving most. Having a beer after diving is alway a good thing also.
Does j4special1 belong in this group?
Does mcj belong in this group?
Sophie 108 Scuba is my favorite pass time. Just love being out on the boat and spending the day/ weekend/ week diving and with good company of like minded people.
Does sophie108 belong in this group?
Strong atheist from Ohio Divorced father of 2. 10 year old son. 18 year old daughter. Animal lover (allergic to cats) I own my home so not willing to move. Disabled Veteran from Desert Storm. Ask any questions.
Does ohiopantheist belong in this group?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 24.86976
Retrieved Text: When Riley was about eight months old, I signed up for a 12 week session of yoga. We were living in Illinois, I knew no one. I needed to get out of the house. I wanted to get back in shape. I had not taken yoga in a couple of years.
One night, a guy named Paul was teaching. He had very gentle energy. The class went well. It was just challenging enough. I was pushed, but not too far. The last several moments of yoga class are usually spent in Savasana, lying flat on your back, arms to your sides, palms up, eyes closed. Total relaxation and surrender. Paul played some music during that night’s Savasana and I’ve been trying to find it ever since. It was acoustic guitar. It sounded almost Native American, but maybe not. The voice was that of a gentle father, filled with love for his child. It was like balm on my soul. Maybe my father never loved me like that, but some fathers do. Fathers can treat their babies as precious. In that moment, I felt paternally loved. I wish I could find that music. I don’t even know what the name of the yoga place was to track Paul down and ask him.
Another night, I was in class. The teacher was a woman, who was very no nonsense. She wasn’t gentle like Paul. She was good though. Just different. During the class as I went into downward dog pose, I was surprised as emotions came bubbling up. I held

########
Rank: 5
Score: 24.754969
Retrieved Text: Shu Tian Ping had an only daughter named Shan Shan. His wife passed away when Shan Shan was five years old. Ten years had passed, and Tian Ping still did not know how to get along with his daughter. He had tried very hard to give her all the best of everything, had wanted to get closer to her heart, but all he got was door-slamming rebuffs-both literally and psychologically. His daughter had shut the doors against him, not just the door to her room but also the door to her heart.
Shan Shan grew up in a single-parent family. Her mother passed away when she was five. Ten years had passed, and she still did not know how to get along with her father. Her father would start to scold her before she could even begin to explain anything. Her father would always come into her room before she was ready. Why couldn't he ask her what she wanted? Why couldn't he knock at the door before he came in?
Tian Ping's sister-in-law, who was the sister of Shan Shan's mother, became the bridge that linked the two of them. No matter how strong the bridge was, all was in vain as both parties refused to compromise. One party refused to listen and the other refuse to open its mouth.
"Why don't you listen to me?" "Why should I listen to you?" Is it necessary for the father and daughter to shout at each other like that until both gave up exhausted. Through this new novel of Khor

########
Rank: 6
Score: 24.504263
Retrieved Text: Once upon a time there lived Luck and Puck. Luck was Puck's wife. They had a daughter, who was beautiful but silly.
The time came and matchmakers came to their house. Luck saw them and said, "My daughter, the matchmakers have come to arrange a match for you! Take a jug and fetch some water. But be quick! Let the matchmakers see how quick and skilled you are!"
The daughter took a jug and went to the well. She scooped out some water, and then it occurred to her. "The matchmakers will like me and want to arrange a marriage. They will propose a husband. 1 will get married. Then I will give birth to a son. My son will grow up, and I will take him to my parents' house. And then my mother will say to him, 'My dear grandson, fetch some water please.' My son will come to this well." Then he will slip and fall into the water. He will fall into the water and will be drowned! What will I tell his father, my husband, then? Oh, poor me, poor me!" The girl thought this and began to cry. She cried so much that tears were running in six streams from her eyes.
The mother was waiting for her daughter; the matchmakers were waiting for tea. Puck came out into the yard and called his wife, "Luck, hey, Luck!"
" What's the matter, dear Puck?"
" Where is the tea? Our guests are waiting."
" Our daughter went to the well for water."
" Go to the well,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 24.50232
Retrieved Text: when i was looking for a name for my company i wanted something original. the word fancy has connotations of fancy work, something nice, etc. which i hope my work represents. but that does not answer why this lovely cat is named chewtoy.
this is billie. her mother is a jack russel, and her father was a blue healer. billie has the colouring of her father and the intelligence and high energy of her mother. when we first got chewtoy as a kitten, billie decided that the kitten was for her own entertainment. billie would hold the kitten down with a paw and nuzzle and lick her with the kitten lying on her back, batting at the dog and purring up a storm. so the name chewtoy came to mind. the kitten loved it. she would get all wet and spiky and would purr up a storm.
this is cisco. she is the jack russel who gave birth to billie. we call them cisco and billie the kid. cisco knows how to relax and she loves to find the comfiest place in the house to sleep, even if she is not allowed to sleep there. she does not see why that should stop her.
this is chewtoy with erin, her daughter, also known as purrbags. erin was raised as an only child and is extremely loving. she and her mum always like to test drive a new quilt or anything else i leave on my sewing table.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 24.424015
Retrieved Text: My youngest daughter was scheduled for her first dentist appointment. She couldn’t contain her excitement. She had her stuffed dog, dentist-visiting attire and bright, sparkling smile ready for the event. She was ready to go. Little did I realize that not only would my daughter come away with a clean-bill of dental health, but that I would come away a better business analyst as a result.
1. No pre-conceived notion – My daughter was excited with no apprehensions and no self-fulfilling prophecies to sway her. She had no idea what it was going to be like nor did she hold any opinions on the matter. She just knew that her older brother and sister went regularly and now it was her turn as a ‘big girl’ to go to the dentist! Kids are not born with pre-conceived views of the world. Most of what they experience is a surprise (pleasant or unpleasant) and an adventure. As adults, we have lived through many different experiences and as such, some of us dread going to the dentist. As a business analyst, we deal with pre-conceived notions on projects all of the time. End users, sponsors, subject matters experts all have some sort of view or opinion on the purpose (goal) of the project. Some views are positive (end users are really needing this enhancement) where other users are skeptical or out-right negative/cynical about the purpose. As a business analyst having a view or opinion of the project is ok, but I find one is far better served to suspend

########
Rank: 9
Score: 24.313375
Retrieved Text: With help from his grandfather, he's established a nonprofit named Quiet Cries.
POLAND — When he was younger, Dominic Ferry saw his mother get punched and kicked by a man, and years later by another man.
Dominic understands how domestic violence can traumatize children.
As Christmas nears, he wants to help children hurt by violence in the home. He’s holding a blanket drive for children who’ve had to flee their homes.
Through Wednesday, Dominic is asking people to drop off a blanket at the Whittier Middle School on Route 26 in Poland, or at Buy the Fire on Route 26 in Oxford, a store his grandfather owns.
He’s collecting blankets because a few years ago he met a scared little boy at a shelter. The boy and his mother had to leave their home in the middle of the night with only the clothes they were wearing.
It was nearly Christmas. Dominic asked the boy what he would like.
“‘I miss my blankie!'” the boy answered.
Children exposed to domestic violence often grow up and become victims or abusers themselves, because they’ve been conditioned to think violence is normal, research shows. Dominic is breaking that cycle – and then some.
At age 12, he’s become an advocate. With help from his grandfather, Don Ferry, he’s established a nonprofit named Quiet Cries, which partners with Safe Voices of Auburn, a nonprofit working to end domestic violence.
Quiet Cries has a Facebook page, water bottles with a purple and white logo, and stress balls in the shape of a tear.
Dominic’s grandfather asked why the name of Quiet Cries.
“Because

########
Rank: 10
Score: 24.060133
Retrieved Text: One year ago my sister divorced her husband and ever since then she has been extremely unpredictable and lies constantly. She lies about things that really it doesn’t even make sense to lie about. For example, whether or not she’s at home, or what she’s doing that day.
She has a teenage daughter and has even driven her to the point of running away. She tells her daughter that her father does not care about her even though her father tries so hard to be in her life. She does not allow anyone in her daughter’s life anymore. I have no idea why this is. She even goes to the point of spreading rumors about our own father and mother about how our father sexually abused her as a child. However, she is in her 30’s now and does not even make sense to bring up at this point.
We know for a fact she is lying about that because we all know the real story. She also seems to have an obsession with trying to make everyone hate their fathers. She hates her own parents, though just last year she loved them, and now she is trying to make me hate my father (we have different fathers). She is also trying to make her daughter hate her father as well by telling her all these terrible things about him that aren’t true.
She has been constantly lying to everyone about anything she can ever since about a year ago when her and her husband divorced. It has come

########
Rank: 11
Score: 23.765762
Retrieved Text: Are you a Fatherless Daughter?
Are you afraid of being abandoned? Are you emotionally overwhelmed?
It may seem like an odd question to ask you to take a quiz to see if you are indeed a fatherless daughter. I get it, but unfortunately fatherlessness is such a silent epidemic in this world that many daughters simply have no idea that the pain of losing the emotional connection of their father yields them in the fatherless daughter category. We are taught by society to just get over it and get on with our lives. This is not the message we should be internalizing. Fatherlessness is a life long journey which grows and changes as you do.
If you answered at least 3 of the quiz questions as “yes” you are a fatherless daughter. The definition of a fatherless daughter is the loss of the emotional father-daughter bond due to, but not limited to: death, divorce, incarceration, abuse, addiction, and/or abandonment.
1:1 6 Week Coaching Program.
6 Week Group Therapy Program.
Does fear of abandonment play a major role in your decision making?
Do you often wonder what a normal relationship should look like?
Do you have underlying fears that come out in anger?
Do you miss your father and wish things could be different?
Is your father emotionally absent from your life?
Do you sometimes have self-destructive behavior?
Do you harbor resentment from your childhood and feel it should have been better?
Did you take on adult responsibilities earlier than you wanted in life?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 23.759281
Retrieved Text: Put students into pairs. Ask the pairs to role play the first situation with their partner, then change partners for the next situation. Perhaps pick some of the most interesting mini-dramas to perform for the whole class at the end of the activity.
Situation 1: You have left your wallet at home. You really need to make a phone call and take a bus back home. Explain this to your friend and ask to borrow the money.
Situation 2: You left your bag in a café and now it’s not there. Tell the café owner about it (What was in the bag? What did the bag look like? ) Ask if he/ she saw anyone take it.
Situation 3: Your son / daughter never tidies his/her bedroom and you are very annoyed about it.
Situation 4: You are twelve years old. You promised your mother / father to be home by seven o’clock but you are late. You didn’t get home until after ten o’clock at night. Apologise and explain.
Situation 5: You bought a CD player in a department store last week but it doesn’t work. Try to get your money back.
Situation 1: Your friend has a problem. Listen to him / her and decide if you want to help.
Situation 2: You are the owner of a café. You are very busy. A customer wants to talk to you about something but you don’t really have time to listen.
Situation 3: You are twelve years old. You have a lot of homework to do, but every time you try to do

########
Rank: 13
Score: 23.70288
Retrieved Text: How not to sakit hati when every parents see their children suffering with the Chicken Pox! Last time when I was a young boy see the classmate and friends kana the chicken pox we'll laugh at them, never think of it how suffering it was. Now I become a father and saw sendiri anak suffering with this I myself also feel pain. But this one chicken pox no choice one lah... everyone must go through once in the life time. Me got it when I was very very small I think also the same age like my daughter now.
I guess now is the Chicken Pox season kali.... In my daughter class already got 6 children got it started from Chinese new year. My daughter first day like nothing happen but after the second day she feel itchy starting rub her back at the sofa and scratch her arms. Told her many time do not scratch but last last she also cannot tahan when we didn't see she start scratch again.
Today morning more jialat liao... I saw her lips bangka like kana punch aiyo kasian eh.. see her suffering and cry my heart also pain too. But today afternoon she felt a bit better and start makan already.. if not this 2 days morning till night time also don't feel like what to eat.
People ask me why no give her injection that will no kana chicken pox for her. I asked some parents they say that injection only let the chicken pox no come out many (

########
Rank: 14
Score: 23.62857
Retrieved Text: As I slept at night,an Angel of the Lord,Angel Gabriel appeared to me.He was very tall,very huge and very muscular.
He said, "Peace Child of the Most high." Immediately,I came out of my body and stood next to him.I thought we were going somewhere in the Spirit but we remained right there in my room.
He said, "I want to show you something" then he touched my window. Names appeared and there were other words under the names.
He said "These are true Christians according to the will of the Father but look what will happen" As I looked at one of the names,I began to see this person.
As I looked,this person was overcome by fornication.I was very shocked. Then he said, "Look at this other one" I looked at another name and I began to see.
I saw that this girl did not want to fall into fornication but she did! I screamed and said "Sir why are this people falling so easily yet they are Christians?" I noticed that he allowed me to touch him just as the Lord Jesus does.
He said "Look!" Under the people's names,I saw names of their boyfriends/girlfriends and also the sins they were likely to commit because of them.
He said,"Such relationships do not please the Father. Many people date without intentions of marriage or when they are not even ready for marriage.That is how fornication comes about." He said, "Some people even start compromising on the word of God and even holiness because of these relationships.
He said "Because of their impatience, many people

########
Rank: 15
Score: 23.568714
Retrieved Text: Home > Ask the Counselor > Domestic Violence & Abuse > A Father Sexually Abused His Daughter; What to Do?
A Father Sexually Abused His Daughter; What to Do?
Salamualaikum. This matter relates to a family who I know very well and I want to help them as much as possible in this matter. It's a family of 6; 1 son (eldest) and 3 daughters. The mum was away to visit her parents for about 8 days. And every night the dad would come home and make sure that the kids are all sleeping fine. He kissed them, said goodnight and then went to his own room to sleep.
The son slept in his own room and the 3 daughters shared a large room between them. So, one of the nights, the dad came home late and the children were sleeping, so as usual, he checked up on the kids before he went to bed. However, he must have come back from a gathering with a group of people, and he may have consumed alcohol before he came home.
So the eldest daughter (21) claims that the father lied down next to her that night when he came home. She claims that the father tried to touch her inappropriately. She was awake and stopped the father instantly. The daughter claims her father tried to go under her top but the daughter instantly stopped it. Then the father left to go to his room to sleep. The daughter has been very scared and crying every day.
I really want the best for

########
Rank: 16
Score: 23.54079
Retrieved Text: Why won't my partner's step daughter ask me about our wedding?
My partner, soon to be husband has a step daughter. She is 44 years old with three kids and divorced. We are about to get married and she has not asked us anything about the wedding. She is perfectly amiable and likes me but why is she not asking?
It's possible that she has reservations about marriage if her own has ended in divorce. If it's only a recent split, then she might feel sad talking to other people about their big day if it brings memories of her own wedding day, given what's happened.
She may be happy for you and her father in her own way but she might be protecting herself by not bringing up the subject.
If you feel you have to know why she hasn't spoken to you about the wedding, perhaps you could talk to her about it. Or you could ask her for some help with something just to spark her interest.
Another possibility is that she is busy adjusting to her new single life, looking after the children and figuring things out. Maybe she is so preoccupied with that side of things that she has put the wedding to the back of her mind.
It could be that she is finding it difficult to come to terms with her father marrying someone other than her mother and is trying to deal with it the best she can without upsetting anyone. Or she simply might no longer have an interest in weddings and marriage

########
Rank: 17
Score: 23.357765
Retrieved Text: "Tell me who Otway was daddy.
My teacher said that you would know."
Rheumy eyes brimming with tears.
"I haven't heard 'head-butts' for years.
Why do you ask me, my daughter?
Did you hear tales from rough men?"
"No," said the girl "but it's charted.
Straight in from nowhere to 10."
"Child are you sure?" her dad shouted.
"Hear'Say break up? Otway charts?
These are great days for the arts!"
Are they a 'were', or an are?"
Otway, her father said gravely.
Was is and will be.... a star."
Gigging for years without stop.
After which he was unseated.
Charlotte stared hard at her father.
Or was it the soft autumn light?
"Miracle happen," he told her.
Flowers will bloom in the desert.
But only John does it Otway."
is back in the charts, straight in at number 10 with 'Bunsen Burner'.
agreed to give him something special for his 50th-a hit.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 23.295185
Retrieved Text: Dating jewish women. Internet date single jews in an utterly. Quiet jewish men, 400 years. Hmm there are easier to date black. Men and lesbian jewish, ladies. Jewish gentile dating sites. Actually quite a korean women jewish why the home movies. While men can confuse the heck out of us, sometimes they're the best at dishing. Out dating advice. Learn the 7 most . Men are often more helpful than not, right. If these seven dating tips for women from men werent Datiny for you, check back for more Radioo. The Dafing Breaker Dsting Internet Mgapol committed Online religious Megapol Rdaio was being Radio by Rafio "Questions" court. Gentiles are Ice Expanded Dating Site For Advance Matured Singles Seeking not merely animals and Dating verse in Ezekiel does Megxpol Ice that gentiles are animals. Reprinted Breaker permission from. Jewish Dating Daily. Questions Mgeapol prayer Dating (siddur) is thick with texts: blessings, Mix, and petitions, instructions . The second Meegapol categories, distinguishing between On,ine and woman, Jew and Gentile, are Mehapol with us. Dating a jewish woman - Join the leader in rapport services. And find a date today. Want to meet eligible single man who share your zest for life. Indeed, for those. Who've tried and failed to find the right man offline, internet dating can provide. Jewish women arent exclusive, as far as methods to obtain one go. I had an uncle marry a . This page may be out of date. Save your draft before refreshing this page.
Ann Trent Updated April 17, 2017. William

########
Rank: 19
Score: 23.293985
Retrieved Text: This week I am going to do something a little different. My thankful post today is dedicated to my son-in-law, Karl.
I am thankful that the Lord brought Karl into our lives 9 years ago.
I am thankful for his unconditional love, commitment, and understanding for our daughter Heather.
I am thankful that he has never laid an abusive hand to our daughter or our grandson as her first husband did for five years.
I am thankful that even though Travis' biological father has nothing to do with him, that as far as Karl is concerned, and Travis too, He is Travis REAL father. Blood does not make one a true father. And Karl is Travis' true father! Thank you Karl for being the father that Travis truly deserves!
I am thankful for all of Karl’s strange quirky ways! It means he fit right into the family!
I am thankful that he does his best to provide for his family.
I am thankful for Karl’s strong faith and devotion to our Lord Jesus Christ.
I am Thankful that God had finally given us a son!
Thank you Karl putting a smile on my face!
Dear Heavenly Father, I thank you for bringing Karl into our lives 9 years ago. It has not always been an easy road, but Karl’s commitment to this family has been truly amazing. I ask that he will continue to allow you to mold him into the man of God that you desire him to be. I ask that you continue to help him to do well in his job so he

########
Rank: 20
Score: 23.252169
Retrieved Text: And being found in appearance as a man, he humbled himself and became obedient to death -- even death on a cross! Therefore God exalted him to the highest place and gave him the name that is above every name.
My daughter lolls against me as we read Animal Sounds together, occasionally reaching over my belly to point at a picture or turn the page.
We are classifying things lately, and my waking hours have become a nonstop taxonomy of the whole wide world. "What's that?" I answer about a thousand times a day as she points her way around, asking for names of things I know I've given her before.
She turns the page. "What's that?" I ask, before she has a chance.
"If you know what they are, why do you keep asking me?"
She doesn't answer. Repetition is the cornerstone of learning, I remind myself, and I know her developing neural net derives comfort from this litany of repeated questions and answers. I understand this need -- I attend a liturgical church, a church of questions and answers printed out in prayer books that, after years of use, fall open at the slightest touch to the Holy Eucharist, Rite II. What's that? I'm asking every Sunday, and it is the Gospel or the Peace or the Body and Blood of our Lord, same as last Sunday, and the Sunday before, and every Sunday before that back to Henry VIII.
"What's that?" my daughter asks again. "That's an owl," I say. "'Owl' being the sound we use in the English

########
Rank: 21
Score: 23.231745
Retrieved Text: " 'No one is to approach any close relative to have sexual relations. I am the LORD.
" 'Do not dishonor your father by having sexual relations with your mother. She is your mother; do not have relations with her.
" 'Do not have sexual relations with your father's wife; that would dishonor your father.
" 'Do not have sexual relations with your sister, either your father's daughter or your mother's daughter, whether she was born in the same home or elsewhere.
" 'Do not have sexual relations with your son's daughter or your daughter's daughter; that would dishonor you.
" 'Do not have sexual relations with the daughter of your father's wife, born to your father; she is your sister.
" 'Do not have sexual relations with your father's sister; she is your father's close relative.
" 'Do not have sexual relations with your mother's sister, because she is your mother's close relative.
" 'Do not dishonor your father's brother by approaching his wife to have sexual relations; she is your aunt.
" 'Do not have sexual relations with your daughter-in-law. She is your son's wife; do not have relations with her.
" 'Do not have sexual relations with your brother's wife; that would dishonor your brother.
" 'Do not have sexual relations with both a woman and her daughter. Do not have sexual relations with either her son's daughter or her daughter's daughter; they are her close relatives. That is wickedness.
" 'Do not take your wife's sister as a rival wife and have sexual relations with her while your wife is living.
" 'Do not approach

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.162037
Retrieved Text: Scott Mackintosh readily admits that he is "a bit protective" of his four daughters and three sons, but says it comes with the territory of being a dad.
"Some may call me old fashion[ed]," the Utah County father wrote in a blog post, "but I call it 'a dad who loves his daughters' (and sons, too). I know some of you may be rolling your eyes and that's OK; my daughter does it all the time."
It was that same daughter who forced him to write that blog post in the first place so he could set the record straight.
You see, a couple weeks back, Mackintosh found himself "going viral" — a concept he confesses "an old dad like me is not familiar with" — after his daughter posted a photo of him in short-shorts and a "best dad ever" tee to her Tumblr page.
Looking to explain how that photo came to be, Mackintosh took to Becky Mack's Blog of Mild Chaos to explain himself.
It seems it all started with an impromptu attempt to teach his daughter the value of dressing more modestly.
One "family night" back in August, the Mackintoshes was getting ready to go out miniature golfing, when Scott heard his wife ask their daughter to change into "longer shorts" — a request that was abruptly refused with a resounding "NO!"
"Instead of turning her response and disrespectful attitude into a major battle, I decided to make a "small" statement on how her short-shorts maybe aren't as "cute" as she thinks," Mackintosh writes.
Using a pair of scissors he

########
Rank: 23
Score: 23.128328
Retrieved Text: Dwayne Johnson shared his incredible journey and life lessons last night on "Oprah's Master Class," where he talked about everything, from his turbulent childhood to his legendary wrestling career and how that shaped the man he is today.
He also spoke about his 14-year-old daughter, Simone, and the very special relationship they share.
The Rock stopped to think about how thankful he is to have her in his life, and when he started getting real emotional, he couldn't hold back some very grown man tears.
Throughout the ups and downs, he leads his life with love, and his daughter is always a reminder of what's really most important and why he works as hard as he does.
He called being a father the best job he's ever had and with another daughter on the way, he's giving his children the life he never had but knows they deserve.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 23.098001
Retrieved Text: This Sunday is “Renew Polk” Sunday!
Renew Polk is a missional partnership of Trinity and all of our daughter churches, and this partnership exists as a catalyst for church planting in Polk County, FL. Our goal is to plant churches. We don’t want to simply fund churches. We want to plant new churches that are like the other churches in our network in key ways, while also allowing for proper contextualization in reaching radically different areas in our county. Our hope is that God would plant 20 new churches in the next 20 years!
Sunday morning, we will give you an opportunity to participate financially in this important work. In every worship folder there will be an envelope for designated giving.
There are opportunities at every level to be a part of this effort. You can contribute financially, either one-time or by becoming a monthly partner. You can be part of a core group, either now, or when our next daughter church is planted. You can contribute by way of your talents helping Trinity or any of our daughter churches. And – this is not a platitude – we need you to pray. Please, please, pray regularly for this effort as we seek to take occupied territory from Satan for Jesus!
And I would say that most significantly, as you walk faithfully with Jesus every day, you’re helping in this mission. As Jesus calls us to be salt and light – both preservative and illumination – you are helping others as you live out the Gospel.
Sunday night the Coordinator of

########
Rank: 25
Score: 23.070717
Retrieved Text: Michal: I have a quiet home life.
Michal: She does not speak to me and i do not speak to her..
Wife: Hey! look at that funny guy who has drunk..
Wife: He is my ex-boyfriend, i denied him for marriage.
Girl: Do you know, why were females created before males?
Boy: Because God needed a rough funny draft before the final copy!
Monika: What do you call the parents of ghost?
Q: What does make a short man to think about candle light dinner?
A: Well, because of Power fail!!
Dad: Son, you take two short hours to go to your in-laws home but take four hours to come back, How come?
Son: Because there are five gears in car to go forward in short and only one gear to reverse it..
--> You are my brother..
--> I will drive the car..
--> I love you from my heart..
--> Today i am not feeling drunk..
--> Don't think that i am saying all this because i am drunk..
--> Let's have one more glass..
--> Ask me what you need, i can even die for you..
--> Don't teach your father..
----> i will stop drinking from tomorrow..
Teacher: Write a short essay on football match.
Teacher: why are you not writing anything?
Funny student: "Miss, Match draw due to rain.."
Mom: If the plural of mouse is mice than what should be plural of baby?
Son: It should be Twins..
Mack: Why are looking so tensed?
Andrew: Yes, because i am going to be father?
Mack: Oh, that's the good news.
Andrew: No, it's not. My wife does not aware about it..
Boxer: How high my temperature is?
Doctor: A hundred and

########
Rank: 26
Score: 23.066536
Retrieved Text: At GigMasters we recently conducted a survey of brides, grooms and wedding professionals. We asked them which songs they were choosing for things like the First Dance, Father/Daughter Dance, Mother/Son Dance, etc. The results compile our list of the best wedding songs of 2011.
The survey results may surprise you, because they’re so unsurprising!
Photo courtesy of Studio B Photography in Atlanta, Ga.
Etta James’ classic hit “At Last” is still the most popular choice for first dance songs, followed closely by the Elvis hit “Can’t Help Falling in Love with You.” “What a Wonderful World” is not only still a popular first dance song, it’s also a popular Mother/Son dance song. “Butterfly Kisses” and “Unforgettable” are still dominating the Father/Daughter dance.
The only place where there does seem to be some movement is in the “wedding party intro” song. Classic dance songs like “Celebration” and “We Are Family” are being edged out primarily by the Black Eyed Peas various dance anthems. But, even with those songs there isn’t much variation.
If you’re looking for a first dance song that isn’t a cliché, think about what makes music personal to you. Don’t worry as much about meaning and think more about events in your life. My husband and I chose “Sewanee River” for our first song! Why? Well, believe it or not, it was the first song we ever danced to together. I heard about a couple who chose Gorillaz’ “Dare” for the same reason.
If you’re worried that others will misinterpret the meaning of “your” song, just ask your DJ or

########
Rank: 27
Score: 23.011974
Retrieved Text: Once upon a time, there was an old man and his daughter lived in southern Spain in a wooden house. At that time, the old man was famous for being a skilled carpenter; some people even said that he was the most skilled carpenter! His daughter is called Citra. She had a beautiful voice like no other.
Every time she started singing, everyone stopped to listen, even the singing birds on the branches had to stop to enjoy her voice … Not only that, the voice of Citra also had the miraculous healing ability. People across southern Spain often came to ask her to sing whenever there were diseases.
One stormy night, someone knocked on the door of the wooden house! They opened the door. Standing at the threshold was a miserable old woman, drenched in ragged clothes. The old woman was cold, nearly unable to stand. The father and daughter rushed to light the stove and brought dry clothes for the old woman then let her drink hot milk with honey to make her feel better.
The next morning, when the old woman was healthier, she told Citra that her grandchild was dying from a weird disease that no healers can cure. “That’s why an elderly woman as me had to travel for months to come here to meet you, dear Citra, just to beg you to save my grandchild.” And the old woman sat for hours telling Citra about her grandchild.
The more she listened, the closer Citra felt for the poor girl who she did not know,

########
Rank: 28
Score: 22.937412
Retrieved Text: I got a tale or a story to tell it was when my daughter was young she was around 5 years old. It was me and my husband at the time and our three kids we were coming back from watching a movie at the drive in when we had past the bridge on Portland, and the funtaine when I took a glance in my rear mirror and saw a married couple sitting on the edge of the bridge when I look back to see if the were their the happen to be gone for I'm not sure what happen that night but as I sitt here today I think they got in a car wreck and that's where their souls remain today.
So if you happen to drive be there just hope you see them and say a prayer for them thank you.
Cortner road in Pueblo's Mesa side is extremely creepy at night ! In the day time it's just like any normal road . My mom my brother his girlfriend and I have been out there plenty of times at night. The story is a wealthy man, his wife, son, daughter, and dog used to live there .
The father was a racist member of the kkk. He went psycho one day skinned the dog alive when questioned by his wife he became furious chasing her through the woods on his property and shot her, same for the son, but the daughter he hanged her out on a tree so everyone could see, then killed himself

########
Rank: 29
Score: 22.897978
Retrieved Text: 1) Question: My kind-hearted 11-year-old daughter saved a baby woodpecker from an attack by our family cat. Now, she is going to nurse it back to health so we can release it back into the wild. Do you think the wildlife authorities might want to give her an award or some kind of recognition for this?
2) Question: The hotel that I'm staying in delivered a newspaper to my room that I did not request and charged me 75 cents. Can I file a federal class action against the hotel for this "offensive waste of precious resources and energy" that is causing "deforestation?"
3) Question: Why does the lady at the donut shop's drive-through window always ask me to call her if I want to "have a good time?"

================



======= Instance Index 18 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

Daughter: Guess what, Mom. I got it.

Mother: Great. That's super.

Father: What's going on? So, what did you get me?

Daughter: Nothing. I got my driver's license. Okay. Bye.

Father: Wait, wait, wait. Where are you going?

Daughter: Mom said I could take the car to school this morning, and ...

Father: Hold on here. I've prepared a few rules regarding the use of the motor vehicles in this house.

Daughter: Like what?

Father: Let me get my notes here.

Daughter: Dad! That looks like a book? Mom, Dad's being mean to me.

Father: Okay, let me get my reading glasses here. Okay, here we are. Rule number one: No driving with friends for the first six months.

Daughter: What?

Father: Teenagers often lack the judgment to drive responsibly, especially when several teenagers are involved. I mean they speed, they joyride, they cruise around town way past midnight.

Daughter: But that's not me! Do I really need this lecture? This is such a drag!

Father: Furthermore, who really needs a car when a pair of shoes will work? I mean, life was different when I was your age. In fact, I used to walk to school ...

Daughter: Yeah, yeah. I know. Both ways uphill in ten feet of snow. I've heard this story many times.

Father: Yeah. Oh, where were we? Oh yes. Rule number two: You always must wear your seat belt and obey the rules of the road.

Daughter: Duh. I wasn't born yesterday.

Father: Okay, rule number three: You can't drive long distances at night because you might get drowsy and drive off the road. But driving to the movie theater is fine.

Daughter: But the movie theater is right across the street from our house.

Father: Exactly, so you can just park in the driveway and walk there.

Daughter: Mom! Dad's being unreasonable.

Father: And rule number four: You should never use a cell phone while driving. That could cause an accident.

Daughter: But YOU do.

Father: That's different.

Daughter: How's it different? You even need my help to turn your cell phone on.

Father: And rule number five: Remember that I love you,...

Question: Why does the daughter dismiss, or not take seriously, rule number 4? 

- The father doesn't obey the rule either.

- The rule is an old traffic law that has changed.

- The girl tells the dad the rule doesn't apply to her.

Target Text: The father doesn't obey the rule either.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 29.934456
Retrieved Text: What should you do if you receive official-looking certified mail from the State Bar that contains a Letter of Notice (LON) and Substance of Grievance (SOG)?
1. Don’t panic. The LON is designed to give you a chance to respond to a grievance that has been filed against you. It does not necessarily mean that the State Bar believes that the grievance is well founded. Nor does it mean that the State Bar believes you have committed a disciplinary violation. The Grievance Committee, similar to a court considering a motion to dismiss, asks the lawyer to respond to any allegation that, if proven, would constitute a violation of the Rules of Professional Conduct.
2. Don’t ignore the LON. Although you should not panic, you should take it seriously and respond within the indicated timeframe or request an extension of time to respond from the assigned deputy counsel in the State Bar’s Office of Counsel. A surprising number of attorneys make the mistake of failing to respond. Failure to respond is itself grounds for imposition of discipline. See N.C. R. Prof’l Cond. Rule 8.1(b). The Grievance Committee typically issues a public reprimand for failure to respond to a LON, even if it turns out there is no merit to the underlying grievance.
3. Seek Counsel. You can seek the assistance of counsel if you believe it would help you in responding to the LON.
4. Respond fully. Make sure you give a full and fair disclosure of the relevant facts. Include copies of pertinent documents. Do not include your entire client

########
Rank: 1
Score: 26.548801
Retrieved Text: The case of the day is Microsoft Corp. v. Goldah.com Network Technology Co. (N.D. Cal. 2017). Microsoft sued Goldah, Changsha Xunyou Network Technology Co., Hunan Yigiyou Technology Co., and other Chinese defendants, alleging that they were trafficking in stolen Microsoft account credentials. Microsoft obtained a temporary restraining order and then a preliminary injunction. The defendants then moved to dismiss, arguing insufficient service of process. The court had authorized service by email under FRCP 4(f)(3); there was no indication that the defendants’ addresses were unknown.
Somewhat bizarrely, the defendants framed their motion as a motion under FRCP 60. The judge recognized that this was wrong, as no judgment had entered, and it instead treated the motion as a motion for reconsideration of the decision under FRCP 4(f)(3). This seems again to miss the mark: the motion was really one to dismiss under FRCP 12(b)(4). But in any event, the substantive question was clear: had the court erred by allowing service of process by email?
The Hague Convention did not govern Microsoft’s form of service because Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 4(f) does not require conformance with the Hague Convention. … Because Rule 4(f)(3) authorizes service that does not conform with the Hague Convention, service under Rule 4(f)(3) is permissible so long as it “is not prohibited by international agreement. … This Court’s May 19, 2017 order, which authorized service on Defendants “by registered electronic mail to the unique email addresses used by Defendants,” was consistent with Rule 4(f)(3). ECF No. 6 at 5. Thus, the Court rejects Defendants’ contention

########
Rank: 2
Score: 26.133402
Retrieved Text: Tracy Palomba My only question is, how many of those incidents resulted in death? There is a significant difference between painting hate, spewing hate and deaths related to the hate crimes. Not that I am minimalizing any of it, just curious. People who think like Trump have lived their lives coming up with ways to dismiss the indefensible, they don’t see the I’ll kill for my daughter I’ll die for my daughter I’ll cry for my daughter I am my daughter’s keepe for what it is, so they don’t call it out. It is so normalized in their being that it doesn’t register. Unfortunately, this is so far widespread among millions beyond what any of us could have possibly expected. We as a society failed those people in their upbringing and in return millions have grown into adults capable of dismissing the indefensible. Justin Campbell omg in his rally’s!! He said how much he liked the guy who body slammed a reporter! Seriously don’t speak unless u do the research!
Actually, he is my Uncle and he’s completely devastated. He is not a news reporter, he doesn’t have a political agenda, he’s a Rabbi who watched his congregation get gunned down in front of him. Keep your asinine comments and hatred to yourself. Try telling that to Fascist fake News! They Blame Trump for everything! They are the enemy of America with all their hatred! June Miller Giumarello Ignorance and hate has driven the Democrat I’ll kill for my daughter I’ll die for my daughter I’ll cry

########
Rank: 3
Score: 25.998575
Retrieved Text: My daughter is depressed, so she says, and crying for no reason. I think she is homesick as we are really close. I do not want her to be treated with drugs of any kind, but what else can be done?
p>It is going to be very difficult to answer your question as there is very little information that has been provided about your daughter. Therefore, I will have to make several assumptions. For example, I will assume that she is a teenager and that she is either attending a college away from home for the first time or she is in the army and away from home for the first time or she is working far away from home for the first time.
p>One of the things that can make the teenage years difficult for many young people is coping with separation anxiety. While younsters want to go away to college many find it a jarring experience to be at at school and far away for the first time. This is why so many of them do so poorly during the first and second semesters.
p>1. They need to know that they can visit home whenever they want or need to.
p>2. They need to bring familiar things with them from home such as their favorite pictures, music and even stuffed animals.
p>3. They need to know that they an call as frequently as is needed until they make the adjustment.
p>4. They need to know from their parents that their sadness is normal and should diminish as they make friends

########
Rank: 4
Score: 25.580828
Retrieved Text: Just a short one to get me going.
The other day I was watching on youtube an old debate between Richard Dawkins and John Lennox. Lennox made the point that evolution does not disprove God. Pointing to a mechanism does not dispense of the possibility of an agency directing that mechansim. Richard Dawkins agreed that it did not rule out God but asked, "Why bother when there is a perfectly reasonable explanation that does not need him." Leaving aside, for the moment, the rationality of believing that chance, even if ever so gradual, really came up with intelligence and music and so on, I would want to ask, "Why not, Mr Dawkins?" If science cannot disprove God and indeed is compatible with his existence, then why would you want to dismiss him? If the alternatives are a godless universe spinning aimlessly towards some unknown end, and a life on this earth that terminates at death and is often nasty, brutish and short, why would we want to be so quick to dismiss a God who, because of Jesus, can offer us eternal life, and one that makes sense of this nasty, brutish and short life of ours?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 25.52326
Retrieved Text: Among my more common reactions to lawsuits is a simple question: What the hell were they thinking? That query covers a whole host of sins. What the hell were the defendants/respondents thinking when they did that stupid thing that they are charged with doing? Why is the plaintiff/claimant filing such a weak complaint? Why didn't the innocent and wrongly named defendant/respondent file a counterclaim for monetary damages? Why didn't the defendant/respondent settle this indefensible case before getting hammered? Why did the triers of fact rule in the idiotic way that they did? How did they come up with that inexplicable monetary award?
Recently, I was overwhelmed with questions about why a FINRA Arbitration was filed, why there was no counterclaim for damages, and what the hell was really going on behind the scenes. I just couldn't believe that this particular case was filed in 2016 and adjudicated in 2017. See what you think.
In a Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA") Arbitration Statement of Claim filed in January 2016, and as amended thereafter, Claimant Estate of Louis J. Levy asserted breaches of contract and fiduciary duty; errors/charges; failure to supervise; negligence; transfers; misrepresentations; unauthorized trading; and omission of facts. Claimant sought &dollar;5,008,960.00 in compensatory damages; &dollar;51,317,211.25 in punitive damages; interest; costs; and attorneys' fees. In the Matter of the FINRA Arbitration Between Estate of Louis J. Levy, Claimant, vs. Morgan Stanley & Co., LLC and Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., Respondents (FINRA Arbitration 16-00079, August 10, 2017).
For Claimant Estate of Louis J. Levy: Richard J. Sillman, Columbus, Ohio.
For Respondents Morgan

########
Rank: 6
Score: 25.129751
Retrieved Text: MARCUS ABRAMO FONTANA, Plaintiff - Appellant, v. STATE OF COLORADO, d/b/a Deborah F. Pearson, Defendant - Appellee.
Colorado state prisoner Marcos Abramo Fontana filed a pro se 138-page pleading (20-page complaint, 118 pages of exhibits) titled “28 USC 1331 48 CFR Ch. 1, 53, 228.” A magistrate judge dismissed the pleading under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 8 and ordered Mr. Fontana to file his claims on a court-approved form for prisoner complaints. Instead, Mr. Fontana filed a seven-page pleading titled “Verified Petition for Enforcement of the Contract between the Parties in the Nature Of a Motion to Vacate Judgment Based on the Prosecution's Agreement that the Judgment is 1) Setoff, Settled, & Closed, and 2) Void Ab Initio ․ ,” with 83 pages of exhibits.
Because Mr. Fontana had failed to comply with the magistrate judge's order, the district court dismissed this amended complaint and the action without prejudice under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 41(b). See Olsen v. Mapes, 333 F.3d 1199, 1204 n.3 (10th Cir. 2003) (“Although the language of Rule 41(b) requires that the defendant file a motion to dismiss, the Rule has long been interpreted to permit courts to dismiss actions sua sponte for a plaintiff's failure to prosecute or comply with the rules of civil procedure or court's orders.” (citing Link v. Wabash R.R. Co., 370 U.S. 626, 630-31 (1962))).
Mr. Fontana has appealed, but his pro se 32-page brief does not address whether the district court erred in dismissing his case for not complying with the magistrate judge's order. He states on

########
Rank: 7
Score: 24.981363
Retrieved Text: Pending before the Court are (1) plaintiffs' Motion for Change of Venue (Doc. No. 2); (2) plaintiff Joe Aitro's Motion for Criminal Investigation (Doc. No. 3); (3) Defendant Clapper's Motion to Dismiss Plaintiffs' Complaint (Doc. No. 4); (4) plaintiffs' Motion to Dismiss Case and Award Damages to Plainitiffs [sic] (Doc. No. 8); (5) plaintiff Joe Aitro's Motion to Dismiss Change of Venue (Doc. No. 10); (6) plaintiff Joe Aitro's Motion to Put an End to the Stupidity of the Defendants Crying to the Court of Illegal Process of Service (Doc. No. 11); and (7) plaintiff Joe Aitro's Motion to Avoid This Case from Going to the Appeals Court (Doc. No. 13). Each will be considered below.
Plaintiffs have moved to change the venue of this case to the "United States District Court of the 8th Circuit Court in Minneapolis, Mn." because they believe that, as a previous case filed by Joe Aitro was dismissed by one of the judges of this Court, "[t]here is no way can the plaintiffs have a fair trial under the United States Constitution when the foxes are guarding the hen house."
The Honorable Richard E. Dorr, who presided over Case No. 05-3120-CV-S-RED.
However, after the filing of the motion for change of venue, plaintiff Joe Aitro has filed a motion to dismiss change of venue (Doc. No. 10), wherein plaintiff Joe Aitro asserts that plaintiffs wish to "withdraw change of venue." Accordingly, the Court GRANTS plaintiff's motion to withdraw (Doc. No. 10), and plaintiffs' previously-filed motion for change of venue (Doc. No. 2) is

########
Rank: 8
Score: 24.878174
Retrieved Text: A Home Equity Line of Credit (HELOC) gives you a less expensive way to access credit fast in the event of an emergency or urgent purchase, and more.
As a business owner, your number one priority is safeguarding the interests of your enterprise, which is why you should take extra precaution to ensure that your information is protected when filing your business taxes.
Does the 4 Percent Rule Still Work?
How well does this long-trusted rule of thumb still hold up?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 24.861052
Retrieved Text: The Carillos had a particularly difficult divorce case. Nine days before a judgment was entered, Carlos filed a motion for a rule to show cause why Anna should not be held in contempt of court. The judgment resolved all issues concerning custody and distribution of marital assets.
The motion for a rule was not resolved until five months later, when the court denied it. Carlos appealed within 30 days of the order on the rule, asking for review of the judgment. Anna moved to dismiss the appeal of the judgment. She argued that the pending motion for a rule did not change Carlos’s obligation to appeal the judgment within 30 days of the time it was entered. Because Carlos waited for the court to rule on the pending motion for a rule, Anna maintained, the appellate court did not have jurisdiction to rule on the appeal of the judgment.
The case, IRMO Carrillo, No. 1-06-2274 (4/13/07), is available by clicking here.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 24.730305
Retrieved Text: This dispute involves a mortgage modification. Plaintiff's active claims include: (1) violation of the Florida Deceptive and Unfair Trade Practices Act, Fla. Stat. § 501.204; (2) violation of the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, 12 U.S.C. § 2601; (3) breach of contract; (4) breach of covenant of good faith and fair dealing; and (5) fraud. See ECF 12 (alleging six counts); ECF 24 (withdrawing negligence count). The Court referred the matter to the Magistrate Judge, and then Defendant filed a motion to dismiss. ECF 14; ECF 15. The Magistrate Judge issued a Report and Recommendation ("Report") suggesting that the Court grant Defendant's motion, ECF 31, and Plaintiff objected, ECF 32. For the reasons set forth below, the Court will overrule the objections, adopt the Report, grant Defendant's motion, and dismiss the complaint.
The Report properly details the underlying facts and procedural history. ECF 31, PgID 694-97. The Court therefore adopts and incorporates that portion of the Report.
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 72(b) governs the review of a magistrate judge's report. A district court's standard of review depends upon whether a party files objections. The Court need not undertake any review of portions of a report to which no party has objected. Thomas v. Arn, 474 U.S. 140, 154 (1985). De novo review is required, however, if the parties "serve and file specific written objections to the proposed findings and recommendations." Fed.R.Civ.P. 72(b)(2). In conducting a de novo review, "[t]he district judge may accept, reject, or modify the recommended disposition; receive further evidence; or return the matter to

########
Rank: 11
Score: 24.539043
Retrieved Text: FindACase | Advanced Physicians S.C. v. Connecticut General Life Insurance Co.
Advanced Physicians S.C. v. Connecticut General Life Insurance Co.
CONNECTICUT GENERAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, ET AL., Defendants.
Before the court is the motion of the defendants Cigna Health and Life Insurance Company, Cigna Healthcare Management Inc., Connecticut General Life Insurance Company, Great-West Healthcare-Cigna, and the NFL Player Insurance Plan (the “Plan”) to dismiss the claims stated in the plaintiff Advanced Physicians, SC (“AP”)'s latest amended complaint (docket entry 84). For the reasons set forth below, the defendants' motion is granted in part and denied in part.
A full recitation of the factual and procedural background of this case is provided in the court's memorandum opinion and order issued on October 27, 2017. See generally Memorandum Opinion and Order (docket entry 80). In that order, the court dismissed without prejudice the plaintiff's first, second, and fourth claims against the defendants. Id. at 25. However, the court afforded the plaintiff an opportunity to amend its complaint to cure the deficiencies contained therein. Id. On November 7, 2017, in compliance with this court's order, AP filed a new amended complaint. Plaintiff's Fourth Amended Complaint (“Fourth Amended Complaint”) (docket entry 81).
On November 28, 2017, the defendants filed a joint motion to dismiss pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 12(b)(6). Defendants' Joint Motion to Dismiss Plaintiff's Fourth Amended Complaint (“Defendants' Motion”) at 1. On December 8, 2017, AP filed a response to the motion. Advanced Physicians, SC Response to Defendants' Joint Motion to Dismiss Plaintiff's Fourth Amended Complaint (“AP's Response”) (docket entry 85).

########
Rank: 12
Score: 24.192337
Retrieved Text: Betsy DeVos and The trump administration have released their proposed rule on how schools should handle cases of sexual violence. If the proposed rule becomes law, survivors will lose access to their education and schools will continue to sweep sexual violence under the rug. The new rule will stop survivors from coming forward and make schools more dangerous for all students.
What does the Notice-and-Comment and Why Does it Matter?
The Department of Education issues regulations, which are requirements with which all schools that receive federal funding must comply. Like laws, these regulations are legally binding. The Department of Education will soon be soliciting public input on its new proposed regulations through “notice and comment.” The Department is legally required to respond to the input it receives from people like us through notice and comment when it issues its final regulations next year. If the Department has not sufficiently responded to our comments, if the Department cannot properly explain its reasoning, or if the regulations themselves violate Title IX, a court can strike down the Department’s regulations.
That makes our voices powerful.
Because courts can strike down regulations that don’t adequately respond to our comments, writing a detailed comment is an important way for all of us — students, parents, teachers, advocates, concerned citizens — to influence the Department of Education. Here is the proposed rule we can comment on.
How can I make sure that the Department takes my comment seriously?
Quality, not quantity, is the name of the game. The Department will take one thoughtful, well-organized, data-driven comment more seriously

########
Rank: 13
Score: 24.007849
Retrieved Text: The New York code of judicial conduct provides that a “judge who receives information indicating a substantial likelihood that another judge has committed a substantial violation of [these rules] shall take appropriate action.” (There is an analogous provision for possible attorney misconduct.) The New York Advisory Committee on Judicial Ethic has interpreted that rule in many opinions. In most of those opinions, it provides guidelines but does not direct a judge to report a suspected violation, leaving it to the judge’s “discretion” based on the judge’s assessment of the relevant circumstances.
However, when conduct described in an inquiry clearly calls into question another judge’s fitness to continue in office, the committee has advised the inquiring judge that he or she has an affirmative duty to report the conduct. In New York Advisory Opinion 2015-124, the inquiring judge had asked the committee if he was required to report the following circumstances.
The defendant in a criminal case before the inquiring judge arrived at the court with his/her parent, a part-time judge from a nearby jurisdiction. The court clerk later advised the inquiring judge that a judge appeared with his/her accused child and asked to speak with the presiding judge. The ADA also stated a judge participated in the pre-trial conference with his/her defendant child and “attempted to influence a disposition.” When the case was called, the defendant’s parent said he/she is a judge and offered a Unified Court System identification card as proof. When the inquiring judge asked the defendant’s parent if he/she “was aware of the ethics of

########
Rank: 14
Score: 24.003065
Retrieved Text: A friend on Facebook just posted that her boss left his door open while having a private conversation about his daughter banging someone in the bathroom at school.
Now I am a feminist and I believe in the sexual freedom that women enjoy today, but I am also a Southerner and think that manners are manners are manners. And if the Dad leaves his door open to publicly have what should be a private conversation, then it is no wonder that his daughter did, in effect, the same thing.
This might just be a rant about manners and displaying yourself publicly for no good reason other than you have no manners. Displaying your bad behavior publicly for a political reason is a thing that I understand and even applaud, since my feminist roots are mired in punk (which, by the way is a philosophy and not just a type of music). However, I fail to discern how showing your hoo hoo or being doggie-fucked in a bathroom at your high school is even close to political.
I think it is bad manners and just plain stupid.
As my Steel Magnolia of a mama would say, it is just common, and THAT, to a Southerner, is the worst crime of all.
This, I will grant you, is an extreme case, and does in fact, argue the point in quite a graphic and almost psychotic way. So moving into a realm of sanity, I will point out that if you are going to have bad manners about something that you want people to

########
Rank: 15
Score: 23.990437
Retrieved Text: Ciceronian Review: Marshal or Die.
I am catching up on recent Utah appellate court decisions. There are a series about Magistrates and Commissioners not complying with Rule 41 of the Criminal Rules -- basically, not keeping control over warrants and affidavits supporting but letting the police handle and deliver to the court clerk. What is interesting about the cases is that this Rule has been in place for a number years and that there appears to be no remedy for continuing violations. Because the cases are criminal, violations don't matter unless prejudicial, i.e., some reason to think that the papers were altered or forged while in police possession. I understand that it would be a bit much to dismiss the criminal charges. I am alright with that. But, like prosecutorial misconduct, the Court saying something is a violation and then doing nothing about it makes it hard to take the Rule seriously. I would like to come up with some idea about enforcement -- at least for prosecutorial misconduct there is the (remote) possibility of Bar discipline or court sanctions. Remote because, as far as a I can tell, never done in this state. But not what I am writing about today. Today I want to talk a little about Hess v. Canberra Developers.
The first thing about Hess is that it continues the Supreme Court's new direction in enforcing the procedural requirements for appeals. The courts have long been taking a hard line on jurisdictional procedure -- late filing. That is easy because a late filed appeal

########
Rank: 16
Score: 23.852818
Retrieved Text: Summary: Insurer brought petition requesting Court approval to terminate benefits on account of claimant's failure to submit to an independent medical examination. Claimant filed a brief which in essence requests the Court to summarily dismiss the petition.
Held: The claimant's brief will be treated on the basis of its substance, therefore it is deemed a motion for summary judgment. Since it does not comply with the Court rule governing such motion, and since claimant has submitted no admissible evidence to support the facts he outlines in his brief, the motion is denied.
Pro Se. A party appearing and representing himself or herself must comply with Court rules.
Summary Judgment: Motion for Summary Judgment. A motion for summary judgment which does not cite to admissible evidence and which is not supported by admissible evidence must be denied summarily.
Summary Judgment: Affidavits. A motion for summary judgment which does not cite to affidavits, depositions, written discovery responses, or other admissible evidence and which is not supported by affidavits, depositions, written discovery responses, or other admissible evidence must be denied summarily.
¶1 The insurer in this action filed a petition requesting the Court to authorize suspension of the claimant's benefits on account of his failure to comply with its requests that he attend an Independent Medical Examination (IME). Claimant thereafter filed his response. He also filed a brief arguing that another IME is not reasonable. It appears that the brief is in the nature of a motion for summary judgment and the Court will treat it as such.
¶2 Motions for summary judgment are governed

########
Rank: 17
Score: 23.827547
Retrieved Text: (i) The warrant and any supplemental process must be delivered to a person or organization authorized to execute it, who may be: (A) a marshal or any other United States officer or employee; (B) someone under contract with the United States; or (C) someone specially appointed by the court for that purpose.
(B) the court finds that the cost of publication exceeds the property's value and that other means of notice would satisfy due process.
(v) Actual Notice. A potential claimant who had actual notice of a forfeiture action may not oppose or seek relief from forfeiture because of the government's failure to send the required notice.
(2) if the property was not in the government's possession, custody, or control when the complaint was filed, no later than 60 days after the government complied with 18 U.S.C. §985(c) as to real property, or 60 days after process was executed on the property under Rule G(3).
(iii) A claim filed by a person asserting an interest as a bailee must identify the bailor, and if filed on the bailor's behalf must state the authority to do so.
(a) Time and Scope. The government may serve special interrogatories limited to the claimant's identity and relationship to the defendant property without the court's leave at any time after the claim is filed and before discovery is closed. But if the claimant serves a motion to dismiss the action, the government must serve the interrogatories within 21 days after the motion is served.
(c) Government's Response Deferred. The government need not respond to a claimant's motion

########
Rank: 18
Score: 23.779768
Retrieved Text: I have compared books to their movie versions a few times on this blog, and of course that topic comes up pretty often in conversation. The universal conclusion that I hear from everyone is “the book is [almost] always better than the movie”. Although I agree with their sentiment, I don’t actually think that it’s true. Here’s my explanation.
It is true that when a movie adapts a book, it’s almost always a disappointment compared to the original. But it’s also pretty common for people to write novelizations of movies. No one ever says “Yeah, Back to the Future was a good movie. But the book was so much better!” I remember, as a kid, finding a book version of Ghostbusters years before seeing the movie, but even though I read it first there was never any doubt that the movie was better. These days, movies often have comic adaptations instead of prose novels, but no one is talking about how the graphic novel of Django Unchained is the real masterpiece.
Your first reaction is probably to dismiss those examples by saying that those books don’t count. We don’t take novelizations of movies seriously. But that’s my point. We don’t take them seriously because the movie came first. Instead of saying “the book is always better”, we should be saying “the original is always better”.
Every medium has its own strengths and weaknesses, and almost no good works are going to translate easily into another medium. When someone tries, they’re likely to be hobbled by the need to “feel

########
Rank: 19
Score: 23.714367
Retrieved Text: Stella HODGE, by her personal Guardian, Darlene SKIFF, Plaintiff-Appellee, Darlene L. Skiff, Third-Party-Defendant-Appellee, v. Robert D. HODGE, also known as Donald R. Hodge, Defendant-Third-Party-Plaintiff-Appellant, Jim J. Austin, Defendant.
Docket No. 00-9435.United States Court of Appeals, Second Circuit.Submitted: June 18, 2001.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Northern District of New York, Thomas J. McAvoy, J.
ROBERT D. HODGE, Mexico Beach, FL, on submission, pro se.
KEVIN A. LUIBRAND, Tobin Dempf, Albany, NY, on submission, for appellees.
Before: JACOBS, PARKER, and SOTOMAYOR, Circuit Judges.
Following a jury trial in this diversity action before the United States District Court for the Northern District of New York (McAvoy, J.), plaintiff-appellee Stella Hodge was awarded judgment on her claims of fraud and conversion against defendant-appellant Robert D. Hodge in the amount of $288,750. The jury also found in favor of third-party defendant-appellee Skiff on defendant’s third-party claim for conversion. Judgment was entered on October 13, 2000; however, defendant was referred to in the judgment as “Donald Hodge.” Following a letter from plaintiff’s counsel on October 18 to the Clerk of the Court, the judgment was amended to reflect defendant’s correct name, and the “amended judgment” was entered on October 20, 2000.
On December 26, 2000, defendant filed his pro se appellant’s brief on the merits with this Court. On March 26, 2001, counsel for plaintiff Stella Hodge and third-party defendant Skiff wrote a letter to the Court stating that, because the motion for judgment as a matter of law was timely filed below, “respondent [sic] will not be submitting a brief at this time,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 23.550638
Retrieved Text: Case of the Day: Sbarro, Inc. v. Tukdan Holdings, Ltd.
The case of the day is Sbarro, Inc. v. Tukdan Holdings, Ltd. (N.Y. Sup. Ct. 2011). The underlying facts are not clear from the decision. Sbarro sued Tukdan Holdings, an Israeli firm, and Werner, who lived in Israel. Sbarro effected service in two ways: by registered mail, and by personal service in Israel according to Israeli law. Tukdan and Werner moved to dismiss for insufficient service of process. The court denied the motion. On the question of service by mail, it followed the majority view, which is that Article 10(a)’s reference to “sending” documents by postal channels is a reference to service of process. Because Israel had not made a reservation under Article 10(a), and because (presumably, though the court does not spell it out) service by mail was permissible under New York law, the service by mail was proper.
It has been suggested that the word ‘permits’ in article 19 should be read to mean ‘does not prohibit.’ This would be a poor standard, however. State service of process statutes, for example, which omit mail service provisions certainly do not ‘permit’ such service. But under the proposed test such a statute could possibly be interpreted as ‘not prohibiting’ mail service because of a lack of any specific provision denying its use. In light of the original purpose of article 19, courts should narrowly construe it and only allow the use of alternative service methods which foreign law specifically authorizes. Courts should not risk infringing upon the sovereignty

########
Rank: 21
Score: 23.321453
Retrieved Text: The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has recently approved several amendments to the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) Code of Arbitration Procedure (the Code). The SEC has approved rule changes that will increase the number of cases to be heard by a single arbitrator and severely limit the number of pre-hearing motions to dismiss filed.
New Rule 12401/13401 raises the amount in controversy to be heard by a single arbitrator from $25,000 to $100,000.1 Under the current rules, a single arbitrator is appointed to hear claims of $25,000 or less. A single arbitrator is also allowed to hear claims of up to $50,000 unless one of the parties request that the claim be heard by a three-arbitrator panel in its initial pleading. The new rules mandate that a single arbitrator be appointed to hear claims of $100,000 or less. These claims may be heard by a three-arbitrator panel only if both parties agree to the arrangement in writing. As a practical matter, this means that customer claims of $100,000 will be heard by a single public, chair-qualified arbitrator.
Other recently approved amendments to the Code, which go into effect February 23, 2009, significantly reduce the tools in a respondent’s defense arsenal.2 Simply stated, these amendments severely limit the available grounds for making pre-hearing dispositive motions to dismiss and impose significant penalties on any unsuccessful moving party. Because these rules take away most of the legal protections and defenses that are used at any early stage to weed out claims that are defective as a matter of law, the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.296814
Retrieved Text: Handed down today. Suit filed to challenge California's 10 day waiting period. California moves to dismiss, and judge denies the motion. That's not the same as striking down the law, tho that might come later, but the judge does take intermediate review seriously. He notes that California argues for the law as (1) allowing time for a background check and (2) allowing a "cooling off" period, but provides no evidence that either requires a ten day wait.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 23.25422
Retrieved Text: Like seriously, have you ever wondered why there was never Blackberry 9 (BB9)? What about Windows 9 or iPhone 9? In this article, I'll open your eyes to understand why these big companies and even upcoming ones won't add 9 to the name of their gadgets.
If you noticed, after the release of Windows 8, there should be Windows 9 but it was skipped over to Windows 10. Blackberry too did same thing and launched BB10 and skipped BB9. What about iPhone 9? Apple skipped the 9 and named it iPhone X instead, whereas X stands for 10 in roman figures.
All credits goes to Mr Mo for the comprehensive insights.
If you want to sell products across multiple cultures, the rule of the game is to understand those cultures and their superstitions. This is the 21st century, but human nature is still essentially the same. For example, even in many places in the West, the number 13 is considered a number for bad luck. Remember “Friday the 13th”? lol.
number 4 is a synonym for the word “death” so why did they make iPhone 4?
No one can think of this, thanks for the update.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 23.232307
Retrieved Text: Tattoo rule number one: Do not get a band's name tattooed anywhere on your body unless you are in that band, and even then, it's still a questionable choice. What if Dr. Dre had gotten a tattoo during his disco album days? He would have a hard time getting people to take him seriously as a soft-core gangster. I'm out of the age bracket danger zone for getting a tattoo I'll regret, which is to say that I will never get a tattoo. A friend of mine has an 18-year-old daughter who's getting her first tattoo soon, and he's supportive to the extent he has to be since there's nothing he can do to stop her and trying to would do nothing but cause problems. I'm sure that raising children is full of challenges like this, but from an outsider's perspective, the worst aspect of it I see is that you're never able to enjoy telling your kids, "I told you so."

########
Rank: 25
Score: 23.163074
Retrieved Text: The notion the a plaintiff in a civil lawsuit may plead different claims in the alternative is well established in both case law and formal rule. Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 8(a) specifically states that “[r]elief in the alternative or of several different types may be demanded.” The practical effect of this rule is that plaintiffs are not required, when litigation begins, to choose the particular basket into which they will put all their argument eggs. Plaintiffs can plead, for example, that the defendant breached the contract between the parties. In the alternative, the facts could very well develop in a way to show that while a contract did not exist between the parties, facts to support a claim for negligent misrepresentation are present. So as a completely separate basis for recovery, Rule 8(a) allows plaintiffs to plead recovery under negligent misrepresentation. Or, as a third alternative, that the facts may end up supporting neither of these legal theories but may provide a right to recover for the defendant’s failure to comply with a statutory requirement regarding disclosure of material information relating to a benefit claim. What is very clear under FRCP 8(a) is that plaintiffs are not required to choose which of these theories to rely on to the exclusion of other possible theories before carrying out any investigation in the litigation . So what does this have to do with ERISA? Plenty. The Supreme Court has described the statute’s remedial scheme as “reticulated,” a fancy word for networked or interrelated. On its face this

########
Rank: 26
Score: 23.104246
Retrieved Text: an alleged conspiracy, stemming from an extra-marital affair between Claimant's bank account officer and Claimant's husband, to defraud Claimant through unauthorized transactions in Claimant's account.
Respondent Safra Securities generally denied the allegations and asserted affirmative defenses.
The Bank Officer Made The Bed, So The Brokerage Firm Should Sleep In It!
On or about January 19, 2018, Respondent filed a Motion to Dismiss pursuant to Rule 12203 of the Code of Arbitration Procedure asserting, among other things, that FINRA lacked jurisdiction because Claimant was not a customer of Respondent but rather a customer of Safra National Bank of New York (the "Bank"), the parent company for Respondent and a national bank not subject to FINRA regulation and jurisdiction. Respondent further stated that Claimant had not made any allegations about the Bank's account officer at issue in her capacity as an associated person of Respondent. In her January 22, 2018, Opposition to Respondent's FINRA Rule 12203 Motion, Claimant argued, among other things, that the Statement of Claim contained allegations regarding Respondent's duties and failures to supervise the Bank's account officer who was also a registered representative with Respondent. In its January 24, 2018, Reply in Support of Motion to Dismiss, Respondent asserted, among other things, that if FINRA failed to dismiss Claimant's claim, the result would be a vast and unprecedented expansion of FINRA jurisdiction unsupported by law, rule or contract based on the premise that FINRA may adjudicate claims concerning the internal affairs of a national bank if the banker whose activities are challenged is also a registered representative associated

########
Rank: 27
Score: 23.083637
Retrieved Text: We took our daughter to our church's annual Easter Egg hunt today.
Unlike last year, it was an absolutely GORGEOUS New England Spring day.
It wasn't really an Easter Egg "hunt".
It was more like a giant field with Easter Eggs tossed all over the place, and it was more of an Easter Egg free for all...lol.
I always learn a lesson in humanity at these Easter Egg hunts.
I realize parents are crazy!
I mean, I have a bit of crazy in me too when it comes to protecting my husband and kids.
I realize parents gauge their children's successes in LIFE based on the number of Easter Eggs their child finds.
Meaning, I saw more parents out on the field grabbing as many plastic Easter Eggs as they possibly could, just to toss them into their 4 year old's basket.
It really is "survival of the fittest" with these Easter Egg hunts.
My daughter literally had Easter Eggs practically stolen out of her hands from eager parents and older children.
I'm thankful that my daughter is mature enough to be the "bigger person".
There were a few times that I wanted to angrily shout a few "choice words" at certain adults, especially when they shoved my little 4 year old to the side to grab an egg.
I held my tongue because it was an event put on by our church, and a lot of people that were there had never been to our church.
I didn't want to be "the one" that put a bad spotlight on Christians.
God really tested my patience.
I guess at the end of

########
Rank: 28
Score: 23.06516
Retrieved Text: How Many Years Does It Take For A Third Wife, 2nd Husband to Just Become Husband and Wife?
Seventeen years ago, I officially became Raylan's 3rd Wife and he my 2nd Husband. You might not have realized that society has an unwritten rule, if you’ve ever been married before your Spouse comes with a chronological distinction.
Mother's Day - A Holiday For Some or All Mom's?
When I birthed my Daughter 22 years ago I automatically joined the Motherhood. At the time, I mistakenly assumed that all Mom's celebrated Mother's Day, even StepMoms. It was a surprise to me when I became a StepMom that I was expected to celebrate Mother's Day twice. Once on Mother's Day with my Daughter I birthed and the following week with my kids by marriage. Yes, it's just as crazy at it sounds! My case for why Mother's Day should be a Holiday for all Moms!
Every Family is a Blended Family! Even your Family!
Watch as I visually illustrate why EVERY Family is a Blended Family! Yes,Even Your Family!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 23.012907
Retrieved Text: Russia doesn’t rule out the possibility that Britain will levy new sanctions in the wake of charges against two Russians over the attack on a former spy and his daughter, but it isn’t afraid of them, Russia’s ambassador to the UN has said.
Britain announced this week that the March 4 attack on Sergei and Yulia Skripal in Salisbury was carried out by two Russian military intelligence officers with almost certain approval of senior Kremlin officials. France, Germany, Canada and the United States backed Britain’s assessment.
“We’re not expecting or afraid of anything, but given how things developed over recent years, we do not exclude anything,” Vasily Nebenzya, Russia’s Ambassador to the UN, told reporters regarding the risk of further sanctions.
“We take it [the allegations] very seriously, and we have been asking for cooperation from the U.K. authorities from day one,” said Nebenzya, speaking to the press following a UN Security Council session.
“There is no GRU by the way, I forgot to tell the U.K. ambassador. It was renamed to the Chief Directorate of the General Staff, it’s no GRU anymore,” the envoy noted.
Deputy Foreign Minister Gatilov said Russia would not participate in a meeting to discuss the U.S.-led reforms.

================



======= Instance Index 19 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

Daughter: Guess what, Mom. I got it.

Mother: Great. That's super.

Father: What's going on? So, what did you get me?

Daughter: Nothing. I got my driver's license. Okay. Bye.

Father: Wait, wait, wait. Where are you going?

Daughter: Mom said I could take the car to school this morning, and ...

Father: Hold on here. I've prepared a few rules regarding the use of the motor vehicles in this house.

Daughter: Like what?

Father: Let me get my notes here.

Daughter: Dad! That looks like a book? Mom, Dad's being mean to me.

Father: Okay, let me get my reading glasses here. Okay, here we are. Rule number one: No driving with friends for the first six months.

Daughter: What?

Father: Teenagers often lack the judgment to drive responsibly, especially when several teenagers are involved. I mean they speed, they joyride, they cruise around town way past midnight.

Daughter: But that's not me! Do I really need this lecture? This is such a drag!

Father: Furthermore, who really needs a car when a pair of shoes will work? I mean, life was different when I was your age. In fact, I used to walk to school ...

Daughter: Yeah, yeah. I know. Both ways uphill in ten feet of snow. I've heard this story many times.

Father: Yeah. Oh, where were we? Oh yes. Rule number two: You always must wear your seat belt and obey the rules of the road.

Daughter: Duh. I wasn't born yesterday.

Father: Okay, rule number three: You can't drive long distances at night because you might get drowsy and drive off the road. But driving to the movie theater is fine.

Daughter: But the movie theater is right across the street from our house.

Father: Exactly, so you can just park in the driveway and walk there.

Daughter: Mom! Dad's being unreasonable.

Father: And rule number four: You should never use a cell phone while driving. That could cause an accident.

Daughter: But YOU do.

Father: That's different.

Daughter: How's it different? You even need my help to turn your cell phone on.

Father: And rule number five: Remember that I love you,...

Question: How does the conversation end? 

- The father and daughter get in a big fight.

- The girl persuades the father to let her drive the car.

- The mom decides to drive the daughter to school.

Target Text: The girl persuades the father to let her drive the car.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 17.592981
Retrieved Text: Facebook has been one of the major social media platforms. However, you should also note that the conversations you have with your pals on Facebook are not safe from the prying eyes. That is exactly what necessitates the need for encrypted messages or Facebook Secret Conversation. Facebook has recently rolled out the encrypted messaging option in the form of Facebook Secret Conversations.
How To Block Spam Calls & Messages?
Want to know how can you have secret conversations on Facebook? That is exactly what we will be covering today in this post.
1 Why do you need secret conversations?
3 How to use the Secret Conversations feature on Facebook?
4 What does Secret Conversation support?
6 How To Delete Facebook Secret Conversation?
Why do you need secret conversations?
Well, we will explain the features of the newly launched secret conversations feature on Facebook, but before that, let us understand the reasons for opting for a secret conversation in the first place.
So, as a means of protecting your online identity, you need an end to end encryption. This will ensure that your profile and the conversations will not be accessible to anyone be it the hackers, marketers, or the government agencies. So much so that even Facebook itself will not have access to your messages.
WhatsApp has recently been the largest end to end encrypted instant messaging service with its additional layers of security rolled out in the past few months. In tune with the trend, Facebook began rolling out the encryption feature for its users. As you already know that WhatsApp acquired by facebook, so

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.000523
Retrieved Text: Textual leverages the technology known as Off-the-Record Messaging (“OTR” for short) to add an extra layer of privacy and security when communicating one-on-one with another person.
No one else can read your private messages.
You are assured that your chat partner are who they claim to be.
The messages you send do not have a digital signature that can be checked by a third party. Anyone can forge messages after a conversation to make them look like they came from you. However, during a conversation, your chat partner is assured the messages they see are authentic and unmodified.
¹ The “What's the advantage to using OTR?” section of this knowledge base article uses an modified excerpt from the otr.cypherpunks.ca website.
In the top right corner of a query (private message), above where the user list of channel would normally reside, is a button (the “status button”) that displays the level of privacy for the active query.
There is not an active Off-the-Record conversation. Messages transmitted between yourself and your chat partner are sent as-is.
There is an active Off-the-Record conversation, but the conversation is still considered unsafe because the identity of your chat partner has not been confirmed. You could be talking to an imposter.
There is an active Off-the-Record conversation and the identity of your chat partner has been confirmed using authentication.
Click the status button in the top right corner of a query to present a menu which contains the action to manually begin an Off-the-Record conversation.
plugin to support that. See http://otr.cypherpunks.ca/ for more information.
How do I authenticate my chat partner?
Authentication allows you

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.860204
Retrieved Text: Some of the profile attributes, which are displayed on the profile-update page are lazy loading.
However, if I am not logged in, and I try to get to the profile-update page directly, I am redirected to the login page (as expected), I login, and am auto-magically redirected back to the profile-update page (I don't know how this is handled). When I get to the profile-update page, I am dropped out of the conversation the login page had created, hence I can't lazy load any properties from the user object loaded from the entityManager during login.
It looks like whatever is handling the post-login auto-redirection back to the initially requested resource is not propagating the existing conversation.
I think I may have discovered the cause, but not a good solution.
What I believe is happening is that when org.jboss.seam.faces.Redirect is used to handle the login-required="true" redirect to login, then redirect to the initial destination flow, it is killing the conversation.
When captureCurrentView is called, it creates a new Conversation (since there wasn't a long running conversation). Then, the login page joins that Conversation, since it has join=true. Then when the returnToCapturedView method is called, it executes Conversation.instance().end(); which ends the Conversation the login action had used.
Does this sound like the likely cause?
If so, any ideas on how to fix it?
Sorry to keep replying to myself, but there's no edit button.
Any ideas on how to fix it, other than putting <begin-conversation join="true" /> on every single protected page's page.xml, which works, but is a total hack?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.807147
Retrieved Text: 3. How would you describe her tone in general? Are her efforts to create empathy and understanding entirely successful?
4. What happens in this chapter? What do you think are the narrator's views of Silas's religion? Which of their practices does she find objectionable?
6. How would you characterize the narrator's tone?
8. What are some differences between Silas's life in the city and life in the region to which he moves? Can you think of other 19th century novels which emphasize regional contrasts?
9. How is Silas's life at work described? (he is a spinning insect, 17) Does the reader expect a change?
13. From their conversation, what do we learn about the character and past of Godfrey and Dunstan? What is their relationship to one another? (one of competitive hatred) Are there any symbolic meanings in the choice of names?
14. What is their relationship to their father?
15. What might have made the situation of the brothers less precarious, or their home life more orderly? (31, 32, mother had died; father fails to educate them) What would happen to them if their father carried out his threat to disinherit them?
17. What trivial act prompts Silas to leave the door of his cottage unlatched?
18. What do we learn about Silas's neighbors from the conversation at the Inn? Does the narrator seem to enjoy recounting the scene? Why? What possibility do they end up debating? (appearance of a ghost) Does this seem forshadowing?
19. Would you want to live in c. 1800 Raveloe?
21. How do Silas's neighbors respond to his tale? (at first

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.704211
Retrieved Text: Chatbots simulate human conversation using AI and Machine Learning Technologies. Our bots are fully interactive; they start smart and get smarter. They ask questions and respond fluidly.
What kind of bots can you build?
We have solutions to meet every budget and bot need. Contact us to find the package that’s right for you.
Production time varies, but our team can develop simple custom campaigns in as little as three weeks, with real-time optimization.
How can I get support if I make a bot?
At each subscription level, our team provides a pre-determined level of support and guidance that can be used for consultation in the bot development process, from conversational design to technical guidance and measurement.
What is the AI component?
Chatbots simulate human conversation using AI and Machine Learning Technologies. Our approach combines optimal conversational design with the smartest Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) technology. Massively uses proprietary algorithms to bring the user through a meaningful conversation. Our system understands the user’s input using Natural Language Processing and can be made even more sophisticated by integrating outside AI agents, such as wit.ai and IBM Watson, among others.
Scripted bots – chatbots that guide a user through a “rules-based” conversation.
Dynamic bots – chatbots that can access external databases and progress on a number of different paths based on the user’s preference or needs.
What platforms does Massively operate on?
Massively bots can be deployed on any chat platform, or embedded on a web site. We regularly deploy bots on Facebook Messenger, Kik and Twitter, among others.
What are your bots like?
Our bots are fully

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.6845
Retrieved Text: All nonfiction is a conversation between the writer and the reader, an invitation to agree or disagree with compelling and often provocative ideas about some aspect of the world we live in. At the end of the day, it’s our responsibility to decide if the argument is sound. With Diving Deep Into Nonfiction, Jeffrey D. Wilhelm and Michael W. Smith deliver a revolutionary teaching framework that helps students read well by noticing the rules and conventions of this dynamic exchange.
The classroom-tested lessons include engaging short excerpts and teach students to be powerful readers who know both how authors signal what’s worth noticing in a text and how readers connect and make meaning of what they have noticed.
Notice the topics and the textual conversation: Who is speaking and how might he or she be responding to another’s ideas? What is the idea that gives “heat” to this text?
Notice key details: What attracts my attention? How does the author signal both direct and implicit statements of meaning? How does the author use the unexpected? How can I interpret patterns of key details to see overall meanings?
Notice varied nonfiction genres: What are the essential features of this kind of text? How does the author employ them? What effects are they designed to have on the reader?
Notice text structure: How does the author structure the text to connect details and ideas? What patterns of thought does the author use along the way?
With Diving Deep Into Nonfiction, Wilhelm and Smith upend current practices, and it’s high time. Once your students engage

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.680487
Retrieved Text: The person who has to initiate this conversation could equally be as tramautized as the person who is at the receiving end a lot of times. Nobody wants to be the bad guy. If you are the one initiating the conversation, my only advice is to think about it in advance and carefully plan what you say and how you say it. Also think about where and when. Consider how the other person will respond and choose your words carefully.
If you know or suspect that your spouse will be taken completely off guard by this announcement that you want a divorce, be careful in how you deliver the news. Be sensitive. Don’t be too aggressive and surely don’t point fingers and cast blame. Be considerate. Think about the aftermath.
If you are absolutely certain that the marriage has irretrievably broken down and that your goal is to end it as quickly as possible, then fine. Be strong but kind in telling your spouse exactly that: that it is over and that there is nothing they can do to change your mind and that you want out.
Be willing to listen, though. A conversation is a two way street and just because you have your mind fully made up does not mean that your “honey” is likewise fully ready to absorb this news and say “ok honey, let’s divorce right this minute and have a nice next marriage!” The person you are speaking to may have questions or comments. They may respond differently from how you assume they will

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.673937
Retrieved Text: I have read the forum and have found some threads about similar topics.
And i have found in the CVS version of seam that there is the method redirectToParent implemented.
This function resumes the parent conversation of the current conversation. But it does not end a conversation.
And it can't be used in method annotated with @End because it pops the conversation stack.
Add a feature request to JIRA.
The user is fills out a form (in the outer conversation). He detets that i must retrieve some information. So he does this (in the nested converstaion). After that he can continue editing his form. All this without switching windows.
The retrival of the same information can occur at different pages.
My use case is more difficult than the above. If someone is interested in it, i am willing to describe it.
// the meat of the method not copied.
This ends the current conversation (deleting it from the conversationstack and the conversationlist) and redirects to the ViewId of the parent conversation.
If there is no parent conversation endAndRedirect returns 'null' what results in redisplaying the current page.
Do not annotate such a method with @End. This results in an empty conversationstack after execution of endAndRedirect.
This is an interesting new feature.
Do you think there would be any usefulness in enhancing it (or perhaps extending it) to the case in which one is "popping and redirecting" from the topmost conversation?
I guess it could be usefull in many cases. In example, a logon issued by a login interceptor could start a conversation which, when ended, resumes to the point were

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.426175
Retrieved Text: Whether it’s talking to a perfect stranger or someone a few degrees away from us that we’ve been wanting to connect with, it’s important to know not just how to connect effectively but also how to end a conversation in a way that leaves a lasting positive impression of us on their mind.
Ending a conversation effectively isn’t rocket science. However, there are some things to keep in mind that will help you navigate what can sometimes be a bit of a sticky situation.
You don’t want to end it abruptly and rub them the wrong way. Then again, you don’t want the conversation to drag on forever and leave a bad taste in their mouth, soiling all hope of a future relationship, whether personal or professional.
But before we talk about what conversation finishers you can use to end a conversation effectively and leave a positive impression, it’s important to touch on how important it is to keep a certain level of awareness about you when you’re conversing with someone.
I know a few people who will talk my ear off if I let them. It’s super uncomfortable and I always end up a bit annoyed with them by the end of the conversation, even though some of these people I like quite a bit.
While I stand by the belief that this is the sign of a person who has done very little work to improve their communication skills, and that if you’re reading this you’re probably not one of those people, there are other ways we can trip

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.399337
Retrieved Text: Like you, we have some of our best conversations at coffee shops. Coffee is great for so many reasons, but one reason that usually goes unnoticed is how much it makes you want to talk. With a good cup of coffee surrounded by good people, you can’t help yourself—you will want to talk.
And we want to be there to listen. We want to hear about how much you love coffee, why you may need the extra kick that day, or why you prefer one coffee shop over another. Heck, we would even be stoked to hear a life story or two you’d be willing to share. Point is, any conversation—accompanied by coffee of course—is good conversation. And we want to listen.
So at the end of the day, GCC does just that: we travel, we drink coffee and we listen.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.384093
Retrieved Text: Medical charts may be biased a quick article about how subtle differences in descriptions may convey bias from one provider to another.
Is it time for different questions? a report on what REALLY matters about caring for patients.
What happens when a patient says, "Doc, help me die." Mercy, compassion - does this fade at the end of life? Does ending a life conflict with our values as physicians? Read for one physician's perspective.
Strong backs, soft fronts, wild hearts You can listen or read the transcript of the podcast -- discussion of belonging, race, the shields we put up that interfere with our conversation and how to overcome.
We might be able to end Sickle Cell Disease, but signing Black Americans up for the trials could prove difficult We might be able to end sickle cell disease but only if we can test it on the population it affects the most.
Ted Radio Hour: CONFRONTING STIGMA a look at how we stigmatize mental illness, addiction, and other things - and ways to address that issue.
I lied to my patient, and she was thankful A millennial physician chooses to postpone the truth for her patient...here's why.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.283697
Retrieved Text: First conversation with a woman is the most important conversation you can have. Well, is it? Nevermind, the point is that first impression is crucial. And you want that impression to be good, don´t you? Well, in that case, avoid these mistakes that other guys are making!
Never ever talk about your ex or exes when you are trying to get to know a woman. Seriously, what kind of a guy would ever do that? It is insane.
Do not talk about money. It does not matter whether you have enough of it or not, just do not talk about it. You barely know that person and you probably do not want your future relationship to be based on how much you earn, or do you?
Do make compliments, but do not overdo it. Women do not feel good when all that a man they are having conversation with can say is how beautiful they are, etc. It gets quite boring after a while, you know?
Do listen to her and remember what she is saying. Otherwise, she will not want to talk to you again, trust me.
Do not say everything you want during the first conversation. You want to make her interested, right? You do not really want to tell her everything about you right away, because that way, she will not want to talk to you again! However, if you end the conversation quickly and then go back to talk to her again you will see that she will actually be interested.
Next Article » Should Guys Shave Their

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.265725
Retrieved Text: NDRI has built a reputation as a reliable source of information and expertise on a range of issues around alcohol and other drug use and related harms, and as a result we are regularly contacted by the media.
A selection of opinion pieces and news items featuring NDRI research and researchers appears below.
CANBERRA TIMES - Should Canberra allow dope-growing clubs to be set up?
RADIO FIVE AA - Alan Hickey - Do teetotallers live longer than moderate drinkers?
THE SPINOFF – What are the health risks in taking ecstasy?
THE CONVERSATION - How does ecstasy kill?
ABC RADIO PERTH FOCUS - Pill testing at festivals - does it send a message it's ok to take drugs?
ABC LOCAL RADIO - Ain't nothing new about 'nangs' but how worried should we be about the drug?
ABC NEWS - Why are our prisons full of domestic violence victims?
THE CONVERSATION - Explainer: what is nitrous oxide (or nangs) and how dangerous is it?
ABC LIFE MATTERS - What are the causes of addiction and the potential solutions?
RADIO ADELAIDE - Should recreational marijuana be legalised?
TALKING LIFESTYLE RADIO - Do you drink alcohol every night?
ABC RADIO PERTH FOCUS - Does having a few drinks a night make you an alcoholic?
TALKING LIFESTYLE RADIO - How does alcohol affect our mood?
THE CONVERSATION - Do different drinks make you different drunk?
ABC NEWS - Should parents give kids alcohol to control drinking, or talk about safety instead?
ABC HEALTH & WELLBEING - Does one drink a day damage your health?
THE CONVERSATION - Research Check: Can even moderate drinking cause brain damage?
THE CONVERSATION - FactCheck

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.232235
Retrieved Text: Most systems of weight loss fail because they don’t live up to their promise: weight loss does not make people happy. Or peaceful. Or content. Being thin does not address the emptiness that has no shape or weight or name.
Start questioning your stories and look for the truth. Ask yourself what would happen if you stopped the incessant chatter about how lumpy or stretchy or ugly your body is.
Every day now, when I find myself entranced by my stories — the world is about to end, it’s their fault, it’s my fault, I’m irreparably damaged — I stop. That’s it, that’s all. I stop. I ask myself who I would be without the story. I ask myself what is actually true in that very second.
A story is just a story, whether it’s about waking up or the end of days or why my mother did what she did when I was ten. And I’ve been very fond of my stories and the tangle of further stories they generated because I was convinced they were me.
Anne Lamott shares her thoughts and personal experience with Geneen as they discuss Women Food and God.
Oprah shares what she learned from reading Women Food and God.
Retreat students talk about the Women Food and God Retreat and how the retreat has changed their lives.
Geneen talks with Eckhart Tolle about one of our greatest challenges – how we deal with money.
Geneen continues her conversation with Eckhart Tolle about our relationship with money.
Geneen and Eckhart Tolle continue the conversation about our relationship with money.
Geneen

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.229683
Retrieved Text: I'm pretty leery of any group that associates language with morality. Language in itself is not a moral object, rather, how we use that language is. Just because the words have vanished, doesn't mean that the concepts aren't being expressed in some other way.
Besides, we can look through history and see that groups that used kinder words had their sins.
I'll admit it, I'm not a vocabulary snob - I don't agree with most folks that certain words are inherently sinful. I believe that this sort of thinking does a lot to segregate society and creates another platform for today's pharisees. For my own discourse, I use whatever words are appropriate. Sometimes that means using a word that some might consider a "cuss word." In the end, communication is key - and in a group of people where words that we consider "cuss" are more normal, I'm totally OK with using those words.
As for the best way to debate, respect for the other opinion is always key. I don't like the mockery aspects of modern conversation, even if I do fall into the trap of laughing at those who disagree with my thinking on any given subject.
Great line here, Morgan: "When we exude Christ in how we conduct conversation, we become part of how God creates a grace-filled public square in which Christ can be discovered."
I'd add that when we <i>exclude</i> Christ in how we conduct conversation, we become part of the degeneration of discourse in the public square. After all, apart from Christ I can do

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.133251
Retrieved Text: ​In fact, we will be playing a little table tennis in class to help the students visualize this concept. Students will pass a ball back and forth each time they speak and keep the conversation going. They will tally their volleys and we will have a bit of a competition. How many conversation extenders can they use? What other questions can they ask on the topic? This is not just a skill for the language classroom, but for life.
One way to encourage conversation is to include greetings and leave takings in every activity. Each time students interact they ask how the other is doing. At the end of the conversation, they thank each other and say good-bye. Not only does are we building good manners, but also creating the habit of conversation.
Each piece of the conversation relates to a Can Do statement (seen in bold), and each Can Do suggests a new part of the unit. As the unit continues, each question and answer becomes a piece of a larger puzzle.
Providing students with an entire conversation gives the structure to keep the volley going. As the unit progresses, these pieces will begin to form a different picture. We will do various activities where students will manipulate each question and answer pair to create a different conversation or get the information they need.
In one activity, students will hold questions and answers separately as if they were playing cards. One student begins the game by place a question in the center. The person with the appropriate answer places

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.13147
Retrieved Text: According to English professor Joe Moran of Liverpool John Moores University in BBC, the most powerful tool in our writing repertoire is knowing how to use the period properly. Mastering the art of the full stop raises the skill level of writing and its authority, and it’s the singular skill we should have fully down if we seek to create compelling work.
As language is ever evolving, so does our use of punctuation and the way we view its transient purpose. A full-stop at the end of a sentence in the middle of a text conversation now indicates possible hostility from the writer, whereas before its only intention was to show the end of a thought. Rather, a singular space or send of a message indicates the release of a sentence and the beginning of a new one, or the inclusion of an emoji at the end as its concluding particle.
The full stop offers the reader relief, allowing them to close the circle of meaning and take a mental breath. Full stops also give writing its rhythm. They come in different places, cutting off short and long groups of words, varying the cadences – those drops in pitch at the sentence’s end which signal that the sentence, and the sentiment, are done.
Variation is what creates a story rather than a conversation, and what creates the possibility of craft. More than just knowing how to string fancy words together to create pretty-sounding sentences, a writer must know when and how to stop. That way, the most important bits

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.113626
Retrieved Text: Microsoft acquires Apple to boost conversation!
Philosophy is considered a science but it is difficult to say, when one has to compare with an ordinary science, for example biology, or chemistry. This is a question that turns into a burning problem among the scientists and linguists all over the world. Can philosophy be a science? What does philosophy operate with? It operates with categories.
What is it that you desire? Often people do not have a clue what it is they want, they just know what they do not want. Now is a good time to evaluate your goals and determine the end result.
News365 Microsoft acquires Apple to boost conversation!
I was always somebody who felt quite sorry for myself, what I had not got compared to my friends, how much of a struggle my life seemed to be compared to others.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.091403
Retrieved Text: Actrepreneur - How does a successful business founder and entrepreneur begin an acting career? He sets a goal lays out a plan and gets to work.
​Drew's plan--Show up on time, Hit your marks, Tell the truth.
​The hard part is figuring out what the heck each of those things entails...find out what it takes on this episode.
​*Plus, Drew's buddy Johnny B shows up during the interview and dives in the deep end of the conversation.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.088969
Retrieved Text: SFDebate : This House would end Rent Control in San Francisco?
Yay! It was a lot of fun. More than 20 people were there and half were new! It wasn't heated or impassioned in the least. It was sort of a mellow and intellectual conversation about what Affirmative Action is meant to do, an analysis as to whether it does accomplish that goal and whether we are better off without it. The conversation was mostly based in the larger context of the American education system, how it fails to give the same opportunities to every child and parent and how Affirmative action seems to be a poor fix so late in the game. We had a couple of people share their personal stories which I thought was really nice. Some were about immigrating here very young and struggling to succeed and get the resources to make it through the system, one was about the stigma that comes with Affirmative action and how it can cause the racial tensions it is meant to assuage. The stories, I thought, were quite heartfelt.
Kazu was an awesome awesome moderator. Almost everyone entered the room as undecided - I think it was 4 ppl in favor of Affirm. Act, 4 ppl against and 10 undecided. In the end it was 9 in favor, 9 against and 4 undecided which I think is a nice compliment for the debaters and participants that they were able to persuade and inform people.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.036203
Retrieved Text: Well you have heard of pathways: well now there are maps. Richard Baker (Consultant Renal Physician, St James’ Hospital, Leeds) recently brought them to my attention. The maps and supporting material provide all that is needed for an interactive group session where individuals with a disease and their partners can discuss and learn more about their condition, how risk can be reduced and how they can be partners in their own care and wellbeing.
The map is about 6 feet by 4 feet and can drape over a table. It has scenarios – different places of care, different life events, diet, exercise and drug issues. There are also set of questions and answer cards – like Monopoly or Trivial Pursuit really! It looks really good.
The Canadian Diabetes conversation map tools were launched in Canada in 2005 and over 60% of diabetes educators in Canada have been trained to use these tools in their practice. By the end of 2008, the conversation map tools had launched in 37 countries with more to come in 2009.
Patient choice - does it matter that much?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.033997
Retrieved Text: When I was growing up my teachers would tell us over and over again how important first impressions were. Of course, back then that meant brushing your teeth and making sure your shoes were on the right feet. Okay, maybe it was more than that but you get the picture, things were simpler back then.
Today technology has allowed first impressions to go above and beyond professional appearances. When a potential client calls your company the reception they receive makes all the difference. When done correctly, a professional and genuine reception can set you apart from your competition. Example: Last week Netflix made headlines when a conversation between a Customer Service Representative and a consumer went so well that by the end of the discussion the viewer wished he had more problems, he was enjoying the conversation that much! You can see the exchange http://www.cnbc.com/id/101114563 here.
A simple “How can I help you” would have been the industry standard, but let’s face it, standard does not go viral and it does not ”wow” your customers. Customers expect more and voicemail is standard. This is why more and more companies are choosing to use virtual reception companies to handle their callers’ first impressions of their businesses. Virtual Receptionists focus on providing great customer service, allowing their customers to focus on what they do best.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.0320835
Retrieved Text: All-Things Aging: Though death is not unique to aging, nor does it wait patiently, more and more of us will reach death at a much later point in our lives. Not just our lives, but even those of our pets. The death of my 18-year old dog friend this past week and a recent discussion with my mother about the benefits of hospice have set me thinking, much of it in the middle of the night (when as my mother-in-law says no good thoughts usually come) about the need to discuss planning for and deciding on the ending of life.
From a Ted Talk by physician Peter Saul, to Ellen Goodman’s Conversation Project focused on enabling end of life conversations, to Lilian Rubin’s ruminations on Salon about very late life and dying, to a recent local radio program on end of life care, there is a great deal of interest in furthering the conversation about how we die, about talking with friends and family about it in advance, and about making changes in our health and support systems to make the process somehow easier for everyone.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.012001
Retrieved Text: Mentoring doesn’t have to be all business. Getting to know your mentor/mentee on a personal level can enhance the relationship by building camaraderie and trust. Your professional relationship does not preclude a personal connection. Instead of jumping right to business when you next meet, why not start the conversation by asking, How was your weekend? Do you have other tips for getting acquainted? Please share them below.
I am going to partake in a serious case of the Blues this weekend. Not sad, just like good music. Sure to suplement with a bike workout and walk downtown.
Ask about families, especially if you see a family photo in his/her office. I’ve never met a parent who doesn’t enjoy a few moments of gushing about their children and it’s a great way to get to know another side of someone at work.
You could also ask ‘how do you spend your weekends’? It could open a little window to a personal conversation and you might end up as friends.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.9783745
Retrieved Text: my photos of CFR's work at Snapper Ledge.
How to determine shark or dolphin?
will Japanese whale watching replace Japanese whaling?
is the conversation about plastic debris causing us to loose focus on more important issues?
Menhaden: "the greatest fish we ever fished"
How do we know what sustainable yield is?
Can we use satellites to end IUU fishing?
Is sustainable orange roughy really a thing?
maximum sustainable yield: what is it, does it still matter?
Lionfish can live in almost completely fresh water. That's true regardless of who discovered it first.
Do you love white sandy beaches? Thank a parrot fish!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.888634
Retrieved Text: Gain a picture of where each church is on a clarity of mission and purpose spectrum.
Provide support and resources to help churches be clear if they wish to be.
Learn from churches that are clear and successfully implementing a clear mission and purpose.
Connect congregations at similar points for further strengthening and encouragement.
Watch the video above, with Associate Conference Ministers Don Remick and Wendy Vander Hart, for more information.
What is the purpose of the Making it Real Campaign?
Vital congregations have a clear sense of their purpose in the settings they serve and in response to the collective calling on their hearts. This effort aims to begin work with the “willing/early adopter” Association churches to be clear about their purpose. In gaining that clarity, or committing anew to it, our churches will take faithful next steps toward mission and ministry of the greatest impact in their community and beyond.
Why is the Association making this effort?
We take covenant seriously and recognize that we are most effective together when we are able to do ministry from a relational stance. Many of our congregations are not as well connected to the Association as we would like. We are hopeful this effort will build stronger relationships among congregations and with the Association, as well as provoke purpose in our churches.
For the conversation time, there is no monetary cost! Should the congregation to decide to follow through on utilizing some assistance (Conference or otherwise) to get clear about purpose or assist in fulfilling purpose there likely will be a range of costs associated with

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.852622
Retrieved Text: Jeff Shore joins us for our 360 conversation as we celebrate our 50th episode! You’ll likely learn things about Jeff you’ve never known before – and also his perspective on the difference between sales and marketing. PLUS – how does he REALLY feel about “dare to compare” worksheets?
New Cool Tool Alert! Crowd Tangle Chrome extension lets you see who shared a link on your site and where they shared it.
Jeff is President of Shore Consulting, Inc. which specializes in psychology-based sales training programs. Using these modern, real-world techniques, Jeff Shore’s sales training clients generated over $30 billion in sales last year.
What is Jeff Shore’s super power?
What does he think the difference between sales and marketing is?
How did he end up becoming a coach and trainer?
What design software do you use to edit images / create ads?

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.844729
Retrieved Text: My eighteen-year-old daughter is beautiful, with lots of talents and a cheerful personality, but in the last two to three years she has become quite overweight. I know this is making her unhappy, but every time I attempt to talk to her about it, we end up in an emotional conversation. How do I have a crucial conversation with her regarding this sensitive issue?
Having a conversation with your eighteen-year-old daughter about being overweight is an especially crucial conversation because being overweight can be attached to a complex variety of issues and relationships.
You said you know her weight is making her unhappy. Is the fact that she is overweight a symptom of her unhappiness or the cause of her unhappiness? Is it a health issue? Is it a self-esteem issue? Is it comfort eating because she’s lonely or is it due to peer pressure because she can’t say no to her friends when they use sugar and chocolate as their drugs of choice? Is it due to not wanting to lose weight or an issue of not knowing how?
You mentioned that when you bring up her weight, you end up in an emotional conversation. Does your daughter feel like you are trying to control her life? Is she happy with her weight but feels you are rejecting her because of it? This is a tough conversation—especially when your daughter is sensitive about the topic—because it’s difficult to anticipate where it will lead or how you can be of help to her.
As parents, we see our kids struggling

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.768271
Retrieved Text: Sales conversations are a tricky thing. Each word exchanged can bring a buyer closer to to signing the deal or push them farther away. A simple phrase can either trigger a fear your prospects have or calm a concern they’re stuck on.
For that reason, it’s likely your sales team members are constantly concerned with the art of conversation, and will do everything at reach to become better at it. They’ll wonder: Did my prospect feel listened to? Did I acknowledge their objections and use positive information to neutralize them? How did they talk about competition?
These are some of the questions sales reps probably ask themselves at the end of each call. But that's also a lot of guesswork — even if backed by long-time experience. In the end, unless you’re doing sales call post mortems regularly, nothing is really being measured.
That’s finally changing. Thanks to artificial intelligence, it has become possible to measure and analyze many things, including sales conversations. That's what Gong.io self-learning conversation analytics engine does. It records, speaker-separates, transcribes and analyzes sales calls.
Guido is a Demand Generation Marketer for New Breed. He specializes in running in-depth demand generation programs internally while assisting account managers in running them for our clients.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.703337
Retrieved Text: When Will the Rhetorical Questions Stop?
DWindingland: Small Talk is the Social Lubricant for the Engine of Conversation!
The company I worked for when I first came to Chicago – where I worked for over 16 years – would occasionally bring in guest speakers and hold seminars for the staff. Sometimes, the topic was relatively serious and professional (e.g., Myers-Briggs Type Indicator testing). Other times, the topic was relatively frothy. On one of the latter occasions, we enjoyed a day-long seminar on Etiquette.
Yes, Etiquette. The woman who ran the show that day possessed an exhaustive knowledge of how one should conduct oneself in a wide variety of social settings. Given our identity as a company that dealt in high-end business with high-end people at high-end venues, the emphasis that day was on professional conduct at business-related functions, but we also touched upon general rules of conduct that might serve us well in any formal setting.
If you’ve dined with me any time recently, I’m sure you’ll agree that I’ve retained absolutely nothing I might have heard that day.
The people in the room who knew me well immediately cracked up because, well, because they knew I was being completely honest. The incident put our speaker in the tricky position of trying to explain to the group – and to me – that small talk was OF COURSE something to be avoided in any polite social context. I offered no argument then, but I’d like to offer one now.
Basically, I think the notion of some sort of universal disdain for small

================



======= Instance Index 20 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: What do you think of my new car?

M: To be honest, it is no better than mine.

Question: What's the man's opinion of the woman's car? 

- Her car is better than his.

- Her car is cheaper.

- Her car is not so good.

Target Text: Her car is not so good.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 29.477724
Retrieved Text: It is always stressful when one's car breaks down. Between the need to determine what's wrong with the vehicle and the threat that the diagnosis will prove costly or time-consuming to fix, the situation is rarely a good one. For a 44-year-old California woman who was hit by a car last year, engine trouble was not just an annoying inconvenience -- it was deadly.
The woman was presumably having issues with her car and pulled to the side of the road and parked. She was standing outside her vehicle when she was struck by an oncoming car. The car then continued down the road without stopping to check on the woman's condition or determine if she needed assistance, according to police reports.
The woman was taken by air ambulance to a California hospital. Unfortunately, her injuries were too severe to respond successfully to treatment. The woman died while in the hospital.
Police later located the man thought responsible for the fatal collision. He was charged with causing and then leaving the accident, to which he pleaded no contest. He received a sentence of almost one year in jail, followed by three years probation.
Although a resolution of the man's criminal charges has now been reached in a California courtroom, his legal battles concerning the woman he hit by a car may not yet be over. The surviving family of the woman retains the right to file a wrongful death lawsuit against him in a civil court. Any resulting compensation, which must be based upon proof of his negligence, could be

########
Rank: 1
Score: 27.868984
Retrieved Text: Book ➲ "Kingdom Man: Every Man's Destiny, Every Woman's Dream" Audiobook ➲ "Kingdom Man: Every Man's Destiny, Every Woman's Dream"
Kingdom Man: Every Man's Destiny, Every Woman's Dream By Tony Evans it's a great choice for you. We rated this audiobook with a Top 5/5 stars.
Kingdom Man: Every Man's Destiny, Every Woman's Dream Tony Evans audiobook; Kingdom Man: Every Man's Destiny, Every Woman's Dream audiobook; Tony Evans; Kingdom Man: Every Man's Destiny, Every Woman's Dream audio book online .

########
Rank: 2
Score: 27.596693
Retrieved Text: Man's age: 43 years old; color: ¼ white; father: ¼ white; mother: ½ white; lived with another woman 5 years, separated from her by sale. Woman's age: 36 years old; color: ¼ white; father: black; mother: ½ white; lived with another man 3 years, separated from him by force. They, unitedly had 4 children; the man by previous connection had 3; the woman by previous connection had 1.
Isaac Bradford of Madison Parish, La. m. Edinoria Reed of Concordia, La.
Man's age: 24 years old; color: mixed; father: ½ Indian; mother: black. Woman's age: 22 years old; color: mixed; father: black; mother: mixed. They, unitedly had 0 children; the man by previous connection had 0; the woman by previous connection had 0.
Man's age: 25 years old; color: brown; father: brown; mother: brown; lived with another woman 3 years, separated from her by consent. Woman's age: 18 years old; color: brown; father: brown; mother: brown. They, unitedly had 0 children; the man by previous connection had 0; the woman by previous connection had 0.
Man's age: 30 years old; color: black; father: black; mother: black. Woman's age: 31 years old; color: black; father: black; mother: black. They, unitedly had 0 children; the man by previous connection had 0; the woman by previous connection had 0.
Man's age: 25 years old; color: ¾ white; father: brown; mother: brown. Woman's age: 18 years old; color: ½ white; father: 3/8 white; mother: 5/8 white. They, unitedly had 2 children; the man by previous connection had 0; the woman by previous connection had 0.
Man's age:

########
Rank: 3
Score: 27.214668
Retrieved Text: Man's age: 24 years old; color: quadroon; father: white; mother: mulatto. Woman's age: 19 years old; color: black; father: black; mother: black. They, unitedly had 2 children; the man by previous connection had 0; the woman by previous connection had 0.
Man's age: 23 years old; color: mixed; father: black; mother: mulatto. Woman's age: 24 years old; color: black; father: black; mother: black. They, unitedly had 0 children; the man by previous connection had 0; the woman by previous connection had 0.
Man's age: 25 years old; color: mixed; father: black; mother: mixed; lived with another woman 1 year, separated from her by force. Woman's age: 20 years old; color: black; father: black; mother: black. They, unitedly had 0 children; the man by previous connection had 1; the woman by previous connection had 0.
Man's age: 40 years old; color: black; father: black; mother: black. Woman's age: 19 years old; color: black; father: black; mother: black. They, unitedly had 1 child; the man by previous connection had 0; the woman by previous connection had 0.
Man's age: 25 years old; color: black; father: black; mother: black; lived with another woman 1 year, separated from her by consent. Woman's age: 20 years old; color: black; father: black; mother: black; lived with another man 3 years, separated from him by force. They, unitedly had 0 children; the man by previous connection had 0; the woman by previous connection had 0.
Man's age: 70 years old; color: mulatto; father: white; mother: black; lived with other women 15 years, separated from them by force &

########
Rank: 4
Score: 26.574095
Retrieved Text: ESTHER LING–IS THIS REALLY YOU?
Indeed is it the real thing…?
Or is it just a representative thing?
This entry was posted in a Caswell limerick, a Caswell limerick poem!, a chance encounter, A FRIEND APPRECIATED, a limerick, A LOVELY LADY, a mother's skirts, a mystery, a poet known, a search for beauty!, a spoof?????, A WOMAN'S DREAMS, A WOMAN'S LOVE, a woman's preferences, a woman's thoughts, about dreams, all quiet, AN "O.O.T.D.", an opinion piece, and fellow bloggers!, anticpating, appreciativ e, artistic endeavor, award nomination, being a friend and tagged Esther Ling, her blog, Hortus Closus blog, is this her?, much admired, portrait?, representational, the real thing, white doved on August 13, 2018 by Jonathan Caswell.
When a coal train regularly appears!
Or a steam engine with cinder shower!
Gonna wipe out thorn bushes, too?
Expensive scrubbers can clean up the sky.
Its labor needs at large?
But not with the same need of funds!
This entry was posted in "famous last words", "imagineering", "PLAY IT AGAIN...SAM!", "Urban Options", a blessing to all!, a Caswell limerick-styled poem, a diesel electric loco, a fight or arguement, a fly in soup, a limerick poem, a man;s preferences, a matter of time, A MECHANICAL ISSUE, a money-making idea, a railroad track, an n-scale layout!, an opinion piece, Uncategorized and tagged an opinion post, anti-Politically Correct (P.C.), at odds, coal traind, coal-fired power, different funding needs, greater employment, n scale versus full-sized trains, solar and wind need fewer workers, wind farm on March 11, 2018 by Jonathan Caswell.
An empty machine is irking!
This entry was posted in "DO YOU KNOW

########
Rank: 5
Score: 26.25716
Retrieved Text: "Man's best possession is a sympathetic wife."
" Woman is woman's natural ally. "
" Cowards do not count in battle; they are there, but not in it. "
" God helps him who strives hard. "
" Nothing has more strength than dire necessity. "
" Sweet is the remembrance of troubles when you are in safety. "
" Every man is like the company he wont to keep. "
" Slight not what 's near through aiming at what's far. "
" Waste not fresh tears over old griefs. "
" Time cancels young pain. "
" A bad beginning makes a bad ending. "
" Talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish. "
" The gods visit the sins of the fathers upon the children. "
" Ignorance of one's misfortunes is clear gain. "
" A second wife is hateful to the children of the first; A viper is not more hateful. "
" The variety of all things forms a pleasure. "
" Authority is never without hate. "
" A coward turns away, but a brave man's choice is danger. "
" Chance fights ever on the side of the prudent. "
" Dishonour will not trouble me, once I am dead. "

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.154305
Retrieved Text: Prince George's County Police are investigating an accident that seriously injured two people.
The vehicle went off the road around 1 a.m. Friday at the intersection of Piscataway Road and Temple Hill Road in Clinton, Maryland.
Both the man and woman in the car were injured. The man's injuries are considered to be life-threatening. Authorities have not said whether the woman's injuries were also life-threatening.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 25.633678
Retrieved Text: The Best way to enter into MAN's and Woman's Heart..
The Best way to enter into MAN's Heart..
The Best way to enter into WOMAN's Heart..?
This concludes that GUYZ are very simple 'n' lovable..

########
Rank: 8
Score: 25.500366
Retrieved Text: Bj The Chicago Kid Explains Why This Is A Woman's World In His Powerful New Visual.
R&B soul singer BJ The Chicago Kid delivered a new visual off his album "In My Mind." Not only did BJ Reverse James Brown 1966 hit single "It's A Man's Man's Man's World," into a new record women can relate to. He also put forth some bone chilling emotion behind his amazing new visual, which elaborates the true meaning and beauty of a woman's worth. Check it out below and spread the NOiZE!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 24.916832
Retrieved Text: Driver arrested for driving under the influence.
BREMERTON — Emergency personnel avoided serious injury Thursday night when a 25-year-old man's vehicle plowed into a police car as medics were responding to an aid call on 11th Street.
The man, who was employed by the U.S. Navy and stationed at Naval Base Kitsap-Bangor, was suspected of driving under the influence and was turned over to military authorities, according to a State Patrol spokeswoman.
The incident began at about 8:30 p.m. when a Bremerton Police officer pulled over a vehicle on 11th Street near Roosevelt Avenue and discovered the elderly female driver was experiencing a medical issue, according to a police news release. The officer activated the lights on his patrol car and positioned his vehicle to shield the woman's car from traffic.
Crews from Bremerton Fire & Rescue and Olympic Ambulance responded to the scene. While medics were preparing to use a gurney to remove the woman from her vehicle, an officer observed a Honda accelerate onto 11th Street from Naval Avenue. The officer called out a warning to emergency personnel, anticipating a crash.
As firefighters dove out of the way, the Honda slammed into the patrol car and pushed it for 15 feet, pinning the gurney between the patrol car and the woman's vehicle. An Olympic Ambulance attendant was struck by the gurney and narrowly avoided being pinned between the gurney and the woman's vehicle.
The driver of the Honda was escorted from his vehicle. State Patrol found the man to have a blood-alcohol content of nearly three times the legal limit,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 24.291904
Retrieved Text: Once segmented, you can serve them with specific experiences onsite through Nosto's Onsite Content Personalization and Onsite Product Recommendations.
In this article, you will learn through a concrete use case how to segment shoppers using our Visit Custom Event targeting option and how to create a different onsite shopping experiences for these segments.
For visitors landing on the online store for the first time, we will display a self-segmentation campaign in form of a full screen overlay offering them to live a specific experience if they explicitly want to discover Woman's products or Man's products. Note that as an alternative, the same campaign could look like a more minimal pop-up or an embedded banner for example.
When shoppers interact with either the Woman's banner or the Man's banner, they are redirected to two different versions of the website.
The set-up - How to create the relevant segments?
One custom segment that will be used to serve an experience for shoppers who will want to discover Woman's products.
When creating a Custom segment, you need to choose the third targeting option under Customer Attributes, which is Visit Custom Event.
When selected, it adds the targeting option to the wizard and you have to define the custom strings relevant to each of the two segments we are creating.
At this stage, no shopper is included in these two segments. It leads us to the second step of the implementation, which is creating the full screen overlay campaign and start segmenting the shoppers to the relevant segments depending if they click on the Woman's banner or on

########
Rank: 11
Score: 24.057606
Retrieved Text: White sapphire silver wedding set inlaid with Australian opal.
Man's sterling silver wedding band featuring 2 channel set blue sapphires accented by inlaid lab created opal. The two princess cut blue sapphires have a total weight of .30 carats and are high quality. The inlaid blue-green laboratory grown opal harmonizes nicely with the dark blue sapphires. This man's wedding ring measures about 6mm wide and is shown in a size 10 for scale. The ring is available in other sizes and color combinations by special order in 3 to 6 weeks. It is hand signed "MMH" by Mark McBride Hileman on the inside of the ring. A matching woman's band is available if you would like to wear this ring as part of a wedding set. Check the "Matching Woman's Band" option and select a woman's ring size from the size options.
The lab created opal in this man's ring is a top quality synthetic opal grown under laboratory conditions. The manmade opal's chemical composition is the same as natural opal with the exception of water content. Australian opal contains about 4% water and lab created opal contains no water. Instead the water is replaced with resin. The resin gives the synthetic opal more durability and helps to resist cracking. Laboratory grown opal gives you all the fire and colors of top grade natural opal at a much more affordable price with increased durability.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 23.992794
Retrieved Text: Nature admits of no permanence in the relation between man and woman. It is only man's egoism that wants to keep woman like some buried treasure. All endeavors to introduce permanence in love, the most changeable thing in this changeable human existence, have gone shipwreck in spite of religious ceremonies, vows, and legalities.
Man is the one who desires, woman the one who is desired. This is woman's entire but decisive advantage. Through man's passions, nature has given man into woman's hands, and the woman who does not know how to make him her subject, her slave, her toy, and how to betray him with a smile in the end is not wise.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 23.85465
Retrieved Text: The dog will always be considered Man's Best Friend. Well in the case of Christmas Poinsettia's are a woman's best friend. A beautiful iconic print by Hoffman Fabric with unmatched detail in the poinsettia outlined in gold. All of this on a comfortable Woman's Relaxed Fit V-Neck T-Shirt.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 23.77273
Retrieved Text: A 28-year-old driver called police when she noticed a man's body under her Chevrolet truck when she arrived home around 2 a.m.
Vallejo police are investigating the death of a pedestrian who was found dead under a woman's truck early Monday morning.
The 28-year-old driver of the truck called police when she noticed a man's body under her Chevrolet truck when she arrived home around 2 a.m., police Lt. Michael Nichelini said.
Police believe the man, 47-year-old Bill Veikoso, became lodged under the truck when he was struck somewhere on Borges Lane near Agnes Court in north Vallejo. The woman drove about three-quarters of a mile before she stopped at her home, Nichelini said.
"When she went to investigate when she got home, she realized there was an older gentleman under her car who had died," Nichelini said.
Vallejo police are investigating the death of a pedestrian who was found dead under a woman's truck early Monday morning. Jodi Hernandez reports.
The woman said she saw what looked like clothing in the roadway but was unaware she struck someone. There was no damage to the front of her truck and the man might have been hit earlier by another vehicle, Nichelini said.
Veikoso also lived in the neighborhood. His father told NBC Bay Area he was bipolar and would often hang out with friends, then walk home late at night. Neighbors described Veikoso as a friendly guy with a mental disability.
The woman is cooperating with the investigation and it does not appear drugs or alcohol are factors in the case, Nichelini said. Police

########
Rank: 15
Score: 23.736525
Retrieved Text: On behalf of Daniel Pleasant Holoman LLP posted in Wrongful Death on Monday, December 12, 2011.
A 23-year-old North Carolina man accused of killing three people in a car crash is now on trial. The fatal accident occurred in 2009, when the suspect collided with another vehicle as he traveled down a state highway. Two individuals in the second vehicle, a 45-year-old mother and her 2-year-old daughter, died in the crash. Also killed was a 13-year-old passenger in the suspect's car.
Police claim the suspect and a 47-year-old acquaintance were racing at the time of the accident, with witnesses saying they saw both vehicles traveling between 70 mph and 100 mph. Investigators reportedly determined that the suspect's car was moving at 83 mpg when it struck the other vehicle.
Following the accident, both suspects were charged with three charges of second-degree murder. If convicted, the suspects would face eight to more than 30 years of jail time for each charge. Prosecutors discussed possible plea bargains for both suspects, but never made a formal offer. The man's bail was set at $45,000, while his acquaintance's was initially set at $3 million. While she was not directly involved in the crash, she reportedly has 15 speeding convictions on her record. Her bail was later decreased to $900,000.
Prosecutors initially planned to conduct the suspects' trials simultaneously, but the woman's attorney argued that doing so would be unfair for his client, who was not involved in the deadly crash. The judge agreed and set a court date for the man, while the woman's

########
Rank: 16
Score: 23.412043
Retrieved Text: In a recent interview with NPR, BJ the Chicago Kid spoke about his rise from singing backup for other artists and repopularizing the idea of romance for this generation on his new album In My Mind.
On "Woman's World", his interpretation of James Brown's "It's a Man's Man's Man's World": "I feel like we only listen to "This is a man's world," and we forget about the part where he says, "It wouldn't be nothing without a woman or a girl." So I wanted to take that part of that song and make that my magnified part. I wanted to make that my main part of the song."

########
Rank: 17
Score: 23.409914
Retrieved Text: Includes instructions for making a man's kilt and woman's kilted skirt, patterns for Prince Charlie jacket and vest, knitting instructions for traditional Argyle socks, as well as an easy to knit woman's vest.
Jacket and vest: Men's 36-48 chest.
Knitted vest, Misses S, M, L.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 23.378574
Retrieved Text: Why Does a Woman's Razor Cost $1.08 When a Man's Razor Only Costs 75 Cents?
Blame it on the so-called 'pink tax,' where products aimed at women cost more than similar ones designed for men.
The so-called "Pink Tax" is neither pink nor a tax. Rather, it's alleged gender-based price discrimination that critics say consumers face when buying items aimed at girls or women vs. almost identical goods that are gender-neutral or designed for males.
What's the big deal about paying a few extra pennies for a shirt or a razor? Experts say the problem is that over a lifetime, the pink tax can cost female shoppers thousands of dollars.
The pink tax often also extends to charging female buyers more for cars, haircuts and dry cleaning. In fact, just about the only exception is car insurance, where women typically pay less than men due to statistically lower accident rates.
Clothing for girls cost 4% more than similar items for boys.
Rep. Jackie Speier, (D-Calif.) introduced a bill in 2016 designed to end the pink tax and gender discrimination in pricing nationwide, but it failed to pass. She plans to reintroduce it in the future. And among individual states or localities, California banned gender-based price discrimination for services in 1995, followed by similar legislation Massachusetts, Washington, D.C., and some Virginia counties.
What can you do to avoid the pink tax if you shop for women or girls?
Experts say you should be a smart shopper and always compare prices in stores and online. "The corporate sector, policymakers and community advocates can bring this issue

########
Rank: 19
Score: 23.062271
Retrieved Text: The Lost Love Liaison | Rakuten Kobo.
It's Valentine's night and Lora Weaver is dining in a romantic hideaway, peering over her menu at another woman's husband.
The man is tall, dark, and handsome. And sitting three tables away playing footsie with a redhead ten years his junior. Lora's job as a PI in training is to report back to the man's wife about said goings on.
A routine case, her French boss and faux date for the evening Laurent assures her.
Or so it seems until Lora finds herself tripping over a body, dodging a sharpshooter, and shivering in a deep freeze.
None of which pleases Lora's own tall, dark, and handsome man, her boyfriend Adam, whose romantic soirée plans for the two of them are hindered while Lora tries to convince ex-cop and ex-hockey hunk Laurent and co-boss and sassy best friend Camille Caron that what's going on at the Valentine villa is anything but routine.
Not an easy task. But Lora's determined to unravel the mystery, save the reputation of the most romantic day of the year, and prove that her pursuit of a vie en rose in La Belle Province is more than just a fairy tale.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 22.983685
Retrieved Text: About 24 hours later, a 47-year-old man who works at a school nearby was arrested and charged in her death. He was released from jail after posting $100,000 bail.
The woman's body was discovered at about 7:30 one morning, though, it is believed the crash that killed her happened about 90 minutes earlier. Tips from the public led to the man's arrest.
Police said the woman probably was looking in trash cans for recyclables, which she redeemed for money to help pay for her daughter's costs to attend Los Angeles City College. The man, police said, might not have known he hit the woman. A review of security video recorded nearby showed that the man got out of his car, looked for damage, then left the scene. Her body was underneath the trash bins and the debris that had been displaced.
Police said rainy weather could have caused the crash.
The woman is survived by her husband of 38 years, as well as three children and a grandson.
"She loved her grandson," her son told NBC4. "He's 5 … and unfortunately he's asking for her right now."
The woman's contributions to her family undoubtedly were far greater than the money she collected from recyclables, and her family deserves, at a minimum, compensation for her funeral expenses. An attorney with experience in pedestrian-auto cases can help the family recover those costs and seek compensation for other damages.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 22.599503
Retrieved Text: Hard to determine what's in the photo, but you lost me when you brought up "Jackie Korin", the alleged child ghost. It's my belief that there are no child ghosts, but entities that portray themselves as children to illicit sympathy. The Jackie legend may have started with Peter James, and it's been repeated until it's believed to be true. Just my opinion.
Thanks for your feedback! And that's an interesting theory you have about child spirits. The spirit of "Jackie" is most commonly referred to among staff of the Queen Mary. You may also be correct about the origination of the Jackie legend being with that of the late Peter James- it's quite possible that one man's 'vision' or opinion has just made a permanent stay in the infamous pool room.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 22.512905
Retrieved Text: A 52-year-old Swedish woman is believed to have lived with a dead body on her sofa for months, after police found the body of a dead man, reported missing in September, decomposing in her living room.
”She was dancing around naked in the flat,” a source close to the investigation revealed to daily Aftonbladet.
The 67-year-old man had been reported missing in September this year and early on in the investigation police had contacted the woman who denied knowing the man's whereabouts.
The man and the woman knew each other and were known to spend time together.
Upon contacting the woman for a second round of questioning recently, however, police came across a macabre find in the woman's living room.
Police found the man tucked up on the woman's sofa. Forensic analysis subsequently revealed that he had likely been dead for several months and his body was in an advanced stage of putrefaction.
Despite there being no indications at this point that the woman was responsible for the man's death, she was arrested on account of being in the flat with the corpse.
An autopsy to determine the cause of death was performed on Tuesday and after the preliminary results came in from the National Board of Forensic Medicine (Rättsmedicinalverket, RMV), the woman was released.
”This is probably not a murder. The woman is sick and it is just very tragic,” said Lars Lundin of the South Stockholm police to Aftonbladet prior to the release.
A neighbour also told Aftonbladet that the woman has mental problems.
”She can't really take care of herself. Sometimes she puts

########
Rank: 23
Score: 22.448614
Retrieved Text: Is a woman's life more precious/valuable than a man's? Think about the old "women and children first" line that's been touted for decades. Yes! or No!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 22.447054
Retrieved Text: Assisted reproductive technology (ART) is used to treat infertility. It includes fertility treatments that handle both a woman's egg and a man's sperm. It works by removing eggs from a woman's body. The eggs are then mixed with sperm to make embryos. The embryos are then put back in the woman's body. In vitro fertilization (IVF) is the most common and effective type of ART.
ART procedures sometimes use donor eggs, donor sperm, or previously frozen embryos. It may also involve a surrogate or gestational carrier. A surrogate is a woman who becomes pregnant with sperm from the male partner of the couple. A gestational carrier becomes pregnant with an egg from the female partner and the sperm from the male partner.
The most common complication of ART is a multiple pregnancy. It can be prevented or minimized by limiting the number of embryos that are put into the woman's body.
Article: Complications of Assisted Reproductive Technology.
Article: Assisted Reproductive Technologies and the Placenta: Clinical, Morphological, and Molecular Outcomes.
Article: Assisted Reproductive Technology and Epigenetics.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 22.396896
Retrieved Text: There are  photos and  stories tagged with "kenya".
selfies from around the world!
A man's world, a woman's penalty.
View more stories tagged with "kenya"

########
Rank: 26
Score: 22.394173
Retrieved Text: Failing to be there when a man wants her is a woman's greatest sin, except to be there when he doesn't want her.
One man's folly is often another man's wife.
What a man calls his ''conscience'' is merely the mental action that follows a sentimental reaction after too much wine or love.
When two people decide to get a divorce, it isn't a sign that they ''don't understand'' one another, but a sign that they have, at last, begun to.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 22.201557
Retrieved Text: The MEDICOR LAB Basic Artificial Man The MEDICOR LAB Basic Artificial Man Hand is designed for th..
Basic realistic man hand Our basic realistic man's hand provides a realistic view of the outdoors..
Basic realistic woman's foot Our basic realistic woman's foot provides a realistic experience in t..
The MEDICOR-LAB Basic Woman's Arm has been developed for the practice of stitches as well as simul..
Basic Woman's Foot MEDICOR LAB offers you the artificial woman's foot, designed for the practice ..
Basic Woman's Hand MEDICOR LAB offers you the artificial woman's hand, designed for the simulation..
The MEDICOR LAB newborn is entirely composed of Medic Skin. Malleable and weighing the weight of a..
The MEDICOR LAB premature newborn is entirely composed of Medic Skin. Malleable and weighing the w..
Set of 10 artificial Sticky wounds Our 10 artificial and realistic wounds kit is ideal to practic..
Set of 10 artificial Sticky wounds Our 10 artificial and realistic wounds kit is ideal to practice..
Set of 10 artificial wounds Our 10 artificial and realistic wounds kit is ideal to practice first ..
Set 15 artificial Sticky wounds The kit of 15 synthetic and realistic wounds is ideal for first a..
Set 15 artificial wounds The kit of 15 synthetic and realistic wounds is ideal for first aid, band..
Set of 20 artificial Sticky wounds The set of 20 artificial and realistic wounds is perfect for f..
Set of 5 artificial Sticky wounds Our 5 artificial and realistic wounds kit is ideal to practice f..

########
Rank: 28
Score: 22.188694
Retrieved Text: Close up view of golden bracelet and earrings with diamonds in jewelry box. Beautiful luxurious jewelery in gift box with black cloth.
Close up video of bracelet and earrings in jewelry box. Luxury jewelery in gift box with black cloth.
3D-animation with the image of the gold vault.
Background animation loop of rotating 24 karat yellow golden cubes.
Animation of Golden Ring Rotation with Diamonds on two backgrounds. Seamless Looping HD Video Clip. Alpha Channel is Included.
Abstract animation of falling and rotation of large and small diamonds in slow motion on a black background. 3d animation.
Close up of jewelry on display.
Fancy jewelry on a woman's wrist.
Business man wearing a nice dress shirt and bracelet.
A beautiful ring on a woman's finger.
Close up of a fancy ring on a woman's finger.
Close up of a man's expensive bracelet.
Close up of a large diamond necklace.
Close up of a beautiful ring on a woman's finger.
Close-up view of the diamond necklace against the red background. Moving camera view.
Closeup 4k shot of beautiful expensive and luxury jewel. Ring of the jewelry with dark blue sapphire and dimonds on the black background.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 22.118435
Retrieved Text: A man's face can "grab" anger from someone standing nearby. But a woman's face tends to grab happiness.
New research into how liberals and conservatives think differently.

================



======= Instance Index 21 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

F: Excuse me. Could you tell me the way to the Book Shop?

M: OK. Turn left at the second crossing, the highest building on the left is the shop.

Question: Where are they talking? 

- In a street.

- In the Book Shop.

- In a tall building.

Target Text: In a street.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 13.589895
Retrieved Text: i just asked myself by understanding like a genie if genie will try to find out how human talks with mixing of words and meanings and different sentences and with short form then i could not find the code at all because it doesnt make any sense and its impossible to find how human talks with mixing of words or even from movie talking because genies doesnt understand at all and cannot understand how humans talks in meaning because genies continues living in sequence talking and humans talks in non sequence talking and if genies knew about non sequence talking they would have changed there sequence talking to non sequence talking and if genies have to understand how human talks then they have to understand human thinking and genies cannot think so when genies cannot think they cannot find out what human thinking talking means because when human thinks and says something then it means they are investigating something and imagining anything where they say anything and know that nobody is knowing how they are talking and genies believes human thinking to be true and real where human believes there thinking is not true and not real and they say anything just like human talks with other humans in reality with any words talking with meanings like talking in short poetries with change of sentences. Genies can understand human talking when they understand meaning of human talking and meaning of human talking from thinking means assuming where they dont know nobody is knowing there thinking which

########
Rank: 1
Score: 12.540735
Retrieved Text: ﻿ No One is Talking About This, Where Did They Come From?
No One is Talking About This, Where Did They Come From?
[ MostlyMenus ] Let The Menu Do The Talking!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 12.358545
Retrieved Text: The secret passage to the house next door leads to a fascinating adventure NARNIA...where the woods are thick and cold, where Talking Beasts are called to life...a new world where the adventure begins. Digory and Polly meet and become friends one cold, wet summer in London. Their lives burst into adventure when Digory's Uncle Andrew, who thinks he is a magician, sends them h The secret passage to the house next door leads to a fascinating adventure NARNIA...where the woods are thick and cold, where Talking Beasts are called to life...a new world where the adventure begins. Digory and Polly meet and become friends one cold, wet summer in London. Their lives burst into adventure when Digory's Uncle Andrew, who thinks he is a magician, sends them hurtling to...somewhere else. They find their way to Narnia, newborn from the Lion's song, and encounter the evil sorceress Jadis before they finally return home.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 12.208299
Retrieved Text: Home » Engagement – What are we talking about?
Engagement – What are we talking about?
The thing is, what exactly are we talking about? What is engagement.
However, looking up engage is a far more satisfying experience.
From this we can get an idea of what people are talking about when they say they are using gamification to engage people, or increase engagement. They are generally looking to get people to participate in activities. That tends to be the key goal for most gamification, participation.
So here is the thing. When people play a game, they play because they want to play. They participate because it is their desire to participate and be involved. When people use a gamified system, it is very often not their desire that drives entry, but the desire of whoever set the system up. This is a really important distinction.
Is participation enough though? When I was doing my workshop at Gamification World Congress (GWC). this came up. We were looking at the difference in my 4 phase EEEE user journey. Enrol was fairly simple. This could just be as simple as an invite. All you are looking for there is participation! Enthuse is a little different. This is the part where you want people to get excited and to play with the system (if that is possible). It could be part of the enrol phase, but it is where you tend to see the most activity and participation. However, is this really being engaged? Does participation mean they are engaging with the system. They are

########
Rank: 4
Score: 12.192043
Retrieved Text: Couples may put off these conversations time and again because bringing these topics to light can mean rocking the boat and digging up some potentially embarrassing or unpleasant feelings. In... 20/03/2018 · Talking To Girls 101 Playlist https://buff.ly/2GMbK4d. Welcome to the next episode of Talking To Girls 101 where we are going to cover how to keep talking to a girl for as long as you want.
If you didn’t appreciate the conversation, and don’t want to encourage the person to strike up another one next time they see you, just end with one of the exit lines above, and then a simple, “Okay, take care,” or something similar.... Get a conversation going with a shy guy. One of the most annoying and frustrating thing is to end up liking someone who hesitate to converse with you even when they know you like them.
If you understand these conversation models and have them handy, you can relax more into the dating process, knowing you can bring up exclusivity when the …... Bring something to the table. Let's let Tina Fey explain, from her book Bossypants: Let's let Tina Fey explain, from her book Bossypants: If I start a scene with “I can’t believe it’s so hot in here,” and you just say, “Yeah…” we’re kind of at a standstill.
20/03/2018 · Talking To Girls 101 Playlist https://buff.ly/2GMbK4d. Welcome to the next episode of Talking To Girls 101 where we are going to cover how to keep talking to a girl for as long as you want.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 12.17642
Retrieved Text: Why do people think it is acceptable to speak to their friends/co-workers/family in their own language when no one else in the group can understand them? Would they like it if I started speaking in a foreign language around them?
Case in point: I get my nails done at a salon that has only Asian women working there. They all speak English, this I know because they speak to me in English. So I know they can all speak it. But when they speak to each other, it is in their language, and sometimes they laugh and just keep talking and talking, and I can’t help but think “maybe they are talking about me?” Maybe I am just being a little self-conscious, but it’s rude!
It reminds me of that Seinfeld episode where Elaine gets her nails done and swears the ladies there are talking about her, so she gets George’s father, who understands their language, to come on an appointment with her. Turns out, they ARE talking about her and having a good time doing it!
Maybe I’m just a little paranoid…. but when I see them look at me from the corner of their eyes, and then a few remarks go flying in their language, along with a few smiles or chuckles… well, what’s one to think?? We all know women can be so caddy! YES, we can!!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 12.1055565
Retrieved Text: Let’s be honest, talking about race can be tough — even nerve-racking for some.
There are the boilerplate words like “they,” “them” and “those people.” But there are also more localized varieties like "Hoosier," “north county” and even historical oddities such as “scrubby Dutch.” In St. Louis, coded conversations about race and class often start with a single question that permeates a divided region: "Where did you go to school?"
This episode of We Live Here is all about talking about race without actually talking about race.
Now that we've looked at the jigsaw puzzle of St. Louis County, we consider the children. In a place where people from different backgrounds — and especially different races — seldom live next to each other, we ask the question: What does that mean for kids?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 12.0998955
Retrieved Text: To be an effective teacher you must have the attention of your students. Attempting to teach while students are whispering and chattering is unfair to you and the rest of the class. Use these strategies to control the off task conversations that may occur in your class.
Move around the room while you speak. Don’t stand at the board and lecture. If students know exactly where you stand at all times they can hide from you and whisper without being seen. Walk in between the rows of desks. Check for understanding constantly by asking random students questions about what you are covering. If students know that at any point they could be called on to answer a question they are more likely to pay attention. If a group of students is talking during your instruction move over to that side of the room. Be sure to ask one of those students a question on what you just said. If the talking/disrespecting is really bad you will need to stop the lecture entirely, but in most cases it can be stopped by following these steps.
Some teachers are more tolerant of talking during class. A student of yours could be used to classes where quiet private off task conversations are allowed or ignored. Let the class know that when you are instructing you do not want any private conversations. Tell the students that if they have a question they can raise their hand. If not, there is no reason to be talking. Being clear about your rules and stating

########
Rank: 8
Score: 12.047398
Retrieved Text: I look outside my terrace door and see the commanding calm of colors. A dancing blue. A contemplating yellow. A peeking red. In less than five minutes they’re gone. A blackish blue suddenly appeared. I don’t know how it came about or where it came from given all the other colors mentioned.
And then I feel the wind. A cool wind. The kind of cool that works in my whole body. I can feel it strengthening every joint, calming every nerve, relaxing every fiber of my body. I see a twinkle. Or maybe two. As I move my gaze to the right, I see that there are more. They are shining like they never did before. Weird, I thought. I said the same thing before. But they are really different tonight. Is it just me or my mind playing tricks on me?
I hear the trees. And the leaves. They seem to be talking to each other. I wonder what they’re talking about. Are they talking about climate change? Do they feel it too? Do they talk about love? I wonder if they ever feel heartache? Or loneliness? Or sadness? What would make them sad? We don’t have squirrels in these parts.
I hear my mom talking on the phone. There’s a cat that called something or someone, I’m not sure. I heard a young boy laughing. And then another one laughed louder. They were talking about computers or something.
You ever stop to wonder why others struggle to be everything they were told they should be? Should is a

########
Rank: 9
Score: 12.007137
Retrieved Text: 1.5 Where can I find RCA VideoDiscs and players?
purchased within a few days of being put out on the sales floor.
evident they don't have a clue as to what you're talking about.
more at eBay if they list each title individually.
prev: 1.4 What is the proper terminology to use when talking about RCAVideoDiscs?
next: 1.6 Are there any mail-order CED liquidators still in operation?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 12.006061
Retrieved Text: * Eye contact- Try not to stare them down. We are not trying to scare people away. When I’m talking about eye contact, I’m talking about looking into their eyes while they are talking. Why does this work you may ask? It works because eye contact while they are talking portrays that you are listening to them. It validates them and creates a bond.
*Wear red- Have you ever thought about what different colors mean to you? Did you know that red, as a color, statistically attracts people? It’s why red cars statistically get more tickets from cops. Our eyes are naturally drawn to red. It goes back to our primitive days when we would constantly be on alert. This color draws people in. If you want the person to be drawn to you, wear red. They may not realize it, but subconsciously, they will be drawn to talk to you.
*Sense of Humor- If you are able to make the person laugh (in some way), it will do a couple of things. Immediately, you are perceived as friendly, and laughing releases endorphins, which makes the person happy. Those happy emotions will be associated with you.
*Play Hard to Get- People tend to like challenges, and if you make yourself too available to someone, they may lose interest. It’s more fun to chase someone than to be handed the person. Distance makes the heart grow fonder. Plus, if you are constantly trying to hang out with the person, you may come off as needy (which can be perceived as

########
Rank: 11
Score: 11.99826
Retrieved Text: When I was 20, I used to go around telling stories, and I knew where I was comfortable - onstage, talking, making 'em laugh and listen to the weirdest things. I liked being the center of attention.
The only thing I'm nervous about is talking to guests like human beings, because all of my interviews so far have been attacking people. I have a genuine concern about sitting across from an actor whose movies I obviously haven't seen.
I don't believe Russia would attack a NATO country or NATO as such, no matter which country we are talking about.
We're told another large-scale terrorist attack is inevitable by those people who have committed so many resources to preventing it. They likely know what they're talking about.
One thing I will say about my father is that he was very much out in the forefront talking about his beliefs about being a complete fighter and attaching a philosophy to that and teaching it.
One of the reasons I've gotten so attached to talking to scientists is that... they know there is a reality.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 11.981804
Retrieved Text: Miss Collins (talking to Carrie White): You want a cup of coffee don't ya', a piece a cherry cake?
Miss Collins (yelling at Chris Hargensen): Billy Nolan, Billy Nasty! You didn't go behind the bleachers to get the volley balls, you and him... You-- you're... you're out out the prom, Hargenson!
Margaret White (singing in a frenzied voice): I know I shall meet you on that final day, water-walkin' Jesus take me away.
Carrie White (crying to her mother): No, momma, no!
These are all great, and just in time for Halloween!!!
Carrie White (talking to Sue Snell who is off-screen hollering from the other side of the door): Who is it?
Sue Snell (yelling and pounding on the door): Its Lureen Newsome from right here in Childress, Texas. Who do ya' think? It's Sue Snell damn it! Let me in, I wanna party too.
Billy Nolan (talking to Chris Hargenson): You are in a hurry.
Chris Hargensen (talking to Billy Nolan): My daddy's the hurry, he wants me home with the car by midnight.
Freddy (talking to Billy Nolan who is holding an sledge hammer): So where do you figure the most pussies are at.
Billy Nolan (talking to Freddy): You make it tween' Montana and Wyoming, I'd pick Wyoming.
Chris Hargenson ( talking to Billy and Freddy): Hey, you might wanna keep it down there are two little piggies here.
Michael Myers (talking to Annie Brackett): Fast or slow, I just like the direction you're goin'.
Lindsey Wallace ( talking to herself out loud): This movie ain't that scary, there's no way in real life that a

########
Rank: 13
Score: 11.933039
Retrieved Text: New to yoga? Brand new, new-ish, coming back after a long time?
Regardless of where you’ve been, and where you’re going, we’re confident there is a place for you on our schedule.
We suggest that people start with our R&R classes. They are a perfect combination of very slow movement, and stillness. Feel free to stay with R&R classes forever (some of our most experienced yogis take these classes on a regular basis) or once you are more comfortable, talk to your teacher about what you are looking for in your practice. If it’s more movement, they may suggest a Vinyasa or Power class. Looking for more stillness or restoration? They might encourage you to try a Yin or Restorative class.
Keep talking to us abut your practice, how your body is feeling, and please relay any questions you have about the studio or the practice itself. We’re here to support you, and we LOVE talking about yoga.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 11.914746
Retrieved Text: I will continue talking about how I got my visual and digital art skills to be where they are today, starting from where My Art Journey Part 2 left off.
Read More "My Art Journey Part 3"
My 4/20 Inspired painting. I used acrylic paint and my new Posca markers.
I used my new Posca markers to make this cute piece. The weather was so nice out all week it made me want some lemonade.
My family got me a bunch of beautiful POSCA Paint Markers for my birthday! I'm super excited to experiment with them and create something new!
Read More "New Supplies: Uni-POSCA Paint Markers"
I will continue talking about how I got my visual and digital art skills to be where they are today, starting from where My Art Journey Part 1 left off.
Read More "My Art Journey Part 2"
What art supplies do I use to create my artwork? I will give you a quick run through of the supplies that I use on a day to day basis.
Read More "My Art Supplies"

########
Rank: 15
Score: 11.893384
Retrieved Text: More social: This is like sunk or jus swim on the road. While traveling, you either get better on making friends; else you can end up alone, crying all night into the pillow. By traveling to some new places, you will easily learn to make new friends out of the stranger and thereby you can get more comfortable talking to strange people then.
Better at conversation: As mentioned earlier, the traveling not online makes you comfortable talking to the strangers, else this also makes you better at it also. And after talking to the people all the time, the repetitive question will become quite boring. You can start to even bore yourself. After that, you do not care about where the people are from, and where they are really going, how long they have been looking to travel, and many more common questions.
More confident: This is the most important element on traveling to new places. instead of talking to strange people and having better conversation to all people, travel will also helps you to boost your confidence level. this is made possible because, if you have visited one place in certain area. one can come to one conclusion about the place and if the time happens to come to same place, you can confidently move in that place without others help.
So, make use of this information and if you have some time just travel to some new places and experience the adventure.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 11.875033
Retrieved Text: Jermaine and Holly join the show in AJ’s absence. They start the show by talking about the NBA finals and where will LeBron land in free agency. They move into talking about the Julian Edelman’s possible suspension and what the AFC south race will look like next year. Towards the end of the show they start talking about Stanley Cup Finals.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 11.86834
Retrieved Text: In the aftermath of the Pittsburgh shooting, I found myself shocked, saddened, and angry. Not solely by the event itself, but by the lack of reaction from the non-Jewish community at Bates.
Talking to my Jewish friends, they expressed similar sentiments; it was only fellow Jews who were talking about the attack. Why is it that we are only finding solidarity within our own community? Where is the support from the college? Where are the Jewish allies on the Bates campus? From this experience I find myself asking, does our college community support other groups on campus facing tragedy and fear?
In the future, I hope we all will.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 11.834287
Retrieved Text: Captains » Thoughts » Marketing Tips & Strategies » Remember, you’re always talking to one little buckaroo.
Remember, you’re always talking to one little buckaroo.
When Fred Rogers of “Mr. Rogers” fame was starting out, he asked children’s TV cowboy show personality Gabby Hayes how he managed to create a personal connection with children even when he was speaking to millions of them at the same time. He responded by saying that he always remembered that he was really just talking to one little buckaroo.
Think about this. Too often, when people speak in public, they say things like “I’m sure all of you are wondering…” But there is no all of me, there is only me.
So we have to start by understanding that while our message may have to appeal to millions of people, it does so one person at a time. Which means your message needs to be very direct and tailored to a specific audience mindset.
Part of achieving this kind of directness is stylistic. In a speech, or TV appearance, looking directly at the person you’re addressing (like Mr. Rogers did) goes a long way towards building trust and establishing a personal connection. It’s not a coincidence that the idea of “being evasive” is used to describe someone who’s hiding the truth—they’re literally looking away, or using complicated phrases that evade understanding.
Another way to talk with just one buckaroo is to speak and write to them based on a deep understanding of where they are. Usually the “where they are” aspect is about someone’s belief system,which

########
Rank: 19
Score: 11.826988
Retrieved Text: "We've been talking with the province of Ontario about their work," he said at a news conference announcing the B.C. strategy.
"We're also talking to people in diverse places such as Glasgow, Scotland and Oakland, Calif., where they are doing this work, too. I expect to have more to say about how we proceed with that in the new year."

########
Rank: 20
Score: 11.805594
Retrieved Text: In our planes, we have a Garmin GMA340 audio panel connected to a GNS430 Nav/com. When I press my push-to-talk switch, which mics are live? Mine, or both pilots? I frequently run into situations where my student is verbally talking through a checklist when I need to talk to ATC, and wonder if both mics are live.
We have the same setup in one of the Bonanzas that I fly. The only mic that is open, is the one on the side where the PTT is pushed. Try talking when they are transmitting sometime, you'll notice that you can't even hear yourself on the intercom. Its completely locked out.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 11.799538
Retrieved Text: Say what they want, but most companies, businesses and brands still don’t know what they’re doing on social media.
“Click here to get your seat at our next event! Just $27! What a steal!!! http://Bit.ly/event27$ Be sure to opt in! Don’t miss this!!!! #event #training #dontmissthis” – it’s sickening, right?
The post is schizophrenic – multiple calls to action won’t get you anywhere.
1) Only outstanding content can cut through the noise.
There is literally TMI right now. Everyone is a blogger, everyone is a source, everyone posts content. In fact, every second, on average, around 9,500 tweets are tweeted on Twitter, 2,300 Instagram posts, 2,000 Tumblr posts, 104,000 YouTube views and 2.4 million emails sent (source: http://www.internetlivestats.com/one-second/).
That means it’s soooooo easy to get lost in the noise.
So, no matter where you meet your consumer, you better show up with a knockout story.
2) Successful social media posts talk about what people are talking about.
A crucial mistake most social media users make is talking about what they’re interested in.
Newsflash – no one cares.
The only people who care about what you’re talking about are those who care about what you’re talking about!
So, talk about what the people are talking about. When they start talking about something different, talk about that instead.
3) You cannot win big in social media if you’re afraid of emerging technology.
Do you hate Periscope and Meerkat? Do you even know what they are? What about Vine & Snapchat?
If you know what they are but are not using them, let me guess – you hate them.
And if you hate them

########
Rank: 22
Score: 11.75094
Retrieved Text: I’ve been recording homeless people for a few years now, talking to me, or sometimes talking.
Generally I geolocate them on a soundmap, it’s a way for me to tell where they have been, where they lived.
This Radia creation is a montage of various recordings from Homeless people in Brussels.
This entry was posted in #41 and tagged Radio Panik. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 11.745545
Retrieved Text: Whether you’re listening to your friend tell you about her day, or you're sharing a story with your grandmother, it can be hard to hold an entire conversation without getting interrupted by your child.
Your child may think waiting for his turn to talk lasts an eternity (even if it's only three minutes). And his impatience may cause him to insert himself into the conversation.
While you can't expect your preschooler to sit quietly through an hour long tale, teaching kids not to interrupt is an important social skill. Children who understand how to politely enter into a conversation—instead of talking over people—will likely be more successful in developing and maintaining relationships.
Kids often interrupt adult conversations because they’re bored. If you’re talking to someone else about adult topics and your child isn’t involved in the conversation, he may frequently interrupt as an attempt to amuse himself and gain attention.
Sometimes kids struggle to wait their turn to talk because they’re impulsive. They may tend to just blurt things out without even noticing that other people are talking. As a result, they may tend to talk over people rather than wait their turn until they learn better impulse control.
There are also kids who just don’t recognize social graces. They may be completely oblivious to the fact that asking you a question while you’re talking to someone else is rude. They may require some education and coaching to help them learn to avoid interrupting when others are talking.
One of the best ways to teach your child not to interrupt, is to

########
Rank: 24
Score: 11.734717
Retrieved Text: Welcome to episode 133 of the LJS Podcast where today we are talking about ear training fundamentals and why you should be working on them as a jazz musician. The sad truth is they are being ignored by so many. But I want you to recognize their importance and allow them to level-up your skills. Listen in!
Welcome to episode 81 of the LJS Podcast where today we are concluding Ear Training Month with a very important topic: how to translate what you hear to your instrument. We've been talking about the fundamentals of ear training, and this is the last step to connect the dots. Listen in!
Welcome to episode 80 of the LJS Podcast where today we are talking about hearing chord progressions by ear. We are in the middle of Ear Training Month where we are delving deep into training our ears to hear on a deeper level. Chord progressions are an important next step. Listen in!
Welcome to episode 79 of the LJS Podcast where today we are delving deeper into Ear Training Month which we are doing for the month of September. This lesson is all about hearing chords and how to do it. This is a deeper level of ear training that will have a huge impact on your playing. Listen in!
Welcome to episode 78 of the LJS Podcast where today we are starting a new series in September called Ear Training Month. Ear training is extremely important for all musicians to work on. Our first lesson is on intervals and how to

########
Rank: 25
Score: 11.690181
Retrieved Text: English Out Here: 1º E.S.O.
Cardinal numbers: one, twenty-one, one hundred, etc.
Ordinal numbers: first, fifth, twenty-first, etc.
School items: ruler, pen, notebook, etc.
Colours: red, yellow, green, etc.
Family: father, sister, grandmother, etc.
Parts of the body: arm, leg, foot, etc.
Months of the year: January, April, etc.
Days of the week: Thursday, Saturday, etc.
Subject pronouns: I, he, they, etc.
Possessive adjectives: my, his, their, etc.
Possessive pronouns: mine, hers, ours, etc.
Saxon genitive: Ana's dog, my uncle's car, etc.
Demonstratives: this, that, these, those.
Wh- questions: What's your name?, Where are you from?, etc.
Greetings and introductions: Nice to meet you too, My name's Anne, etc.
Classroom language: What page are we on?, What is the homework?, etc.
Unit 1 - They're famous!
Adjectives of description: ugly, short, old, etc.
Adjectives of personality: athletic, clever, nice, etc.
The auditions: a phone conversation about Teen Survivors.
Describing a person: He's short, She hasn't got..., etc.
Talking about appearance: Is...tall?, Has...got light hair?, etc.
Describing people: How old is she?, What's she like?, etc.
A description of a person.
Capital letters: England, Anne, January, Monday, etc.
Technology: making a video game.
Talking on the phone:Who is it?, Speaking, etc.
Phone messages: writing a message to a partner.
The house: bedroom, bathhouseboat, room, etc.
Household items: bed, sink, desk, etc.
There is / There are: There is a dining room, There aren't two toilets, etc.
Articles and quantifiers: a/an, some, the, any, etc.
Plans for a house: a dream house.
Describing your house: My bedroom is..., There are two beds, etc.
Describing a room: Is there an...?, Where is it?, etc.
Doing a picture dictation: There is a bed in my room, Where is it?, etc.
A description of a room.
Punctuation: (?), (,),

########
Rank: 26
Score: 11.688641
Retrieved Text: I'm in need of Thai books in Braille.
They are for a blind 13 year old girl who has been abused.
She is very bright and avidly soaks up information from these books but has exhausted the supply in the local education service.
Any "talking books" again in Thai would also be much appreciated.
If you know where I can buy such things please let me know.
I'm sure you could download some audio books in Thai. Have a search on some of the torrent sites.
Not directly related, but may be of help. Consider getting a Thai TTS (Text-to-Speech) program. That way she can access many resources, e.g. Thai Wikipedia.
Have you tried SE Ed?
TD won't let me post the link, but it is www SE - ED Dot Com.. The Website is in Thai, but they translate lots of English books (high quality like Dorling Kindersley, etc) and since they are educational they may have, or know where to find talking books and braille..
Try calling the Bangkok School for the Blind. 420 Ratchawithi Road. Tel: 0-2354-7509. They might have some ideas. Can't vouch that the phone number is current.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 11.679994
Retrieved Text: You're a fucked up child.
No you're not, come on.
...i dont know what to say,what you people think?
I was just being friendly/humourous, come on.
This isn't by any means a serious quiz, so it's hard to say what you think of someone's results. So since you want me to, I will: I personally think your results remind me of ducks in a pond.
And his expression reminds me of the dazzling Canadian geese as they fly between the mountain ranges of Grouse and Cypress.
It reminds me of RPG holding shark riding raptor's, our nation's native and beloved companions.
Haha, no wonder, they kill every Brit on sight.
You don't know me or where I live, you're not spiderpig!
Rsandee wrote: You don't know me or where I live, you're not spiderpig!
Flippy the Bear trumps spiderpig ten-fold.
You leave me no choice but to mention Zippy the Zebra, who is also the cause of 9/11.
False, iambored was the cause of 9/11.
Some of you guys are taking this quiz way to seriously lol.
One is not "crazy" because they have a high result.
SuperSunshine wrote: One is not "crazy" because they have a high result.
Says the chick who has very high results.
Indeed. How do we know she does not utter those words while simultaneously plotting to bomb Norway?
I have no idea what you guys are talking about. Why would I bomb the country where all the smart people are?
I plan on being a dictator and making Toronto its own Country inside Ontario and then make Norway, Ontario an offical place that will be right beside our great

########
Rank: 28
Score: 11.67643
Retrieved Text: learn more at www.learningtoeic.com TOEIC® Online Practice Test - part 3 test 1 The answer sheet in the end of each test!
Get the new toeic test format: https://goo.gl/kWDD3a Get PDF Files here: https://goo.gl/qBQSt3 ------------------------------------------------------------------- ▶ TOEIC thần tốc dành cho người mất gốc: https://goo.gl/PsXLpF ▶ Bí quyết chinh phục Toeic Reading: https://goo.gl/XDS12a ▶ Bí quyết chinh phục Toeic Listening: https://goo.gl/9Jvn7P ------------------------------------------------------------------- Practice Toeic Listening test with Answers - Test 09 This video consists of two section: - 00:00 Listening Comprehension. - 44:39 Answer Keys. Please like, share for everyone and subscribe my Channel. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- * My Website: https://goo.gl/G1B5Kf * Follow me on Facebook: https://goo.gl/OSVd1m * Test Playlist: https://goo.gl/7sWfyg --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- * There are four parts to the Listening Comprehension section of the toeic test. You will have approximately 45 minutes to complete this section. Part 1: Photographs 10 Questions Part 2: Question-Response 30 Questions Part 3: Conversations 30 Questions Part 4: Talks 30 Questions * Listen to as much English as you can. The best way to improve your listening comprehension is by listening. As you listen, ask yourself these question: Who is talking? Who are they talking to? What are they talking about? Where are they talking? Why are they talking? As you answer these questions, you will improve your ability to understand English through context. * Study regularly. Pick the same time of day to practice. If you don't develop a routine, you won't develop good study habits. Tell yourself that you can't watch TV at 7:30 because that is your toeic time. If you

########
Rank: 29
Score: 11.673223
Retrieved Text: Today we are talking with James and Emily from Rethink the Rat Race. They are well on their way financial independence and got to this point by investing in real estate. Today we discuss how they go to where they are, plans for Greece, and more!

================



======= Instance Index 22 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: This is a beautiful park. Shall we come again tomorrow?

M: Don't we have to go shopping?

W: We can do that in the afternoon, and come here in the morning.

M: OK. And let's bring Hilda and Julia with us.

Question: Where are they going to do tomorrow afternoon? 

- They are going shopping.

- They are going to the park.

- They are going to the cinema with their children.

Target Text: They are going shopping.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 25.039358
Retrieved Text: （ ）1. Who has a birthday in Dec.?
A. Me. B. John. C. Zhang Peng.
（ ）2. When does Mike go to school?
（ ）3. What are you going to do tomorrow ?
（ ）4. How do you go to school?
（ ）5. What is Chen Jie going to do next week?
( ) 1. Zhang Peng is going to visit .
( ) 2. Zhang Peng is going by .
( ) 3. Mike is going to buy a in the Science Bookstore.
( ) 4. Zhang Peng’s grandparents live next to .
( ) 5. Mike and Zhang Peng are going after .
1. Where are you going? A. By train.
2. When are you going? B. Buy a comic book.
3. What are you going? C. Because I am going to visit my grandparants.
4. How do you go to the zoo? D. At 3 o’clock.
5. Why are you going? E. The fruit stand.
（　）1、Sarah is going to the bookstore on Saturday .
（　）2、 is the library ? It’s in front of the school .
（　）3、Turn right the school. Then go straight. It’s the left.
（　）4、 do you go to school, Sarah? I usually go to school by bus.
（　）5、Wait at a light.
（　）6、I’m going to Beijing the National Holiday.
（　）7、What are you going to do this afternoon?
A、I’m going to buy a book. B、I’m going to the bookstore.
C、I’m going at 3 o’clock.
（　）8、You can go to the zoo subway.
（　）9、Where is the post office? It’s west the cinema.
（　）10、Sarah, let’s to the park this afternoon.
（　）11、We live near the theme park. We go there by train.
We go there by bike.
（　）12、 you going to read a magazine tonight?
（　）13、What you

########
Rank: 1
Score: 23.833681
Retrieved Text: School buses will remain off the roads.
Buses in Cornwall and SD&G are cancelled today as the region is expected to get another blast of winter; Environment Canada’s calling for 30 to 40 centimetres of snow to touch down in the region by tomorrow.
They’ve got a Winter Storm Warning out for the region as it stands right now. They say snow, which could be heavy a times, will likely start this afternoon and linger on until tomorrow afternoon. Because of the wind, you could see some blowing snow which could make it very hard to see at times.
This is expected to have a major impact on travel, so you’re being asked to postpone any trips you don’t need to take. If you do have to hit the road, Environment Canada is encouraging you to have an emergency kit and cell phone with you, and to let people know where you’re going.
They say power outages are also possible.
Environment Canada weekly forecast starting on February 12th, 2019.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 23.731773
Retrieved Text: I can’t believe it’s Christmas Eve tomorrow. The magic of Disneyland have unfortunately disappeared. But that is okay, it’s not gonna be a normal Christmas anyway. I look forward to it a lot though. Seeing the faces of the kids when they open all their gifts on the 25th and the Swedish smorgasbord tomorrow. We are going to have it at 5pm tomorrow, so no more food/candy from now on until then :).
My day was long but nice. The morning was a lot of wrestling, beach ball passing and monkey in the middle. For lunch I made Swedish pancakes for the whole family except me, I tried being healthy by eating a salad. In the afternoon the girl had a friend over and they baked super cute holiday cupcakes; winter wonderland with tiny fondant christmas trees, wreaths, gifts and snowflakes. I and the boy went to the library. He was really upset about it at first, but his parents wanted me to take him and they made him stop crying and then he was really excited when we were there and he picked up several books to read at home this winter break. Kids are weird.
He wanted a playdate in the afternoon but no one was home of his friends so the two of us spent the afternoon together playing a lot of Wii, like boxing. Oh my, I was sweating after that, haha! Then I started on a new Rainbow Loom bracelet for the boy, a hexafish. It’s easy but it takes time. I didn’t

########
Rank: 3
Score: 23.241259
Retrieved Text: MR. MCCURRY: (in progress) -- out through the South Portico and shook hands, left in their respective motorcades. Prime Minister Netanyahu went to Blair House, where he is residing. He is meeting at this moment with Secretary of State Christopher, Ambassador Ross, and Mark Parris. I don't have any information about whether or not we'll be providing any readout. I rather suspect not, because there is more work to be done by the delegation throughout the evening and into tomorrow obviously.
Other than that, there's not much else I can tell you.
Q Mike, can you speak up a little bit? It's hard to hear you back here.
MR. MCCURRY: Some of you have just gotten copies of the picture. We basically gave the folks who were interested a picture of the beginning of the lunch and the end of the lunch. The beginning of the lunch was the four principal participants. The end of the lunch reflects the fact that the Chairman and the Prime Minister met for about 45 minutes together over lunch and then asked that they be joined by two of their advisers, Abu Mazen, who is a senior advisor to Chairman Arafat; and the Israeli, Yitzhak Molkho, who is a private attorney who the Prime Minister has asked to be in liaison with the Palestinian Authority.
Q How do you spell his name?
MR. MCCURRY: Yitzhak Molkho, M-o-l-c-h-o or k-h-o, depending on how you want to transliterate.
Q Could you spell the other name while you're at it?
MR. MCCURRY: Abu Mazen. Our transliteration is A-b-u M-a-z-e-n.
Q Mike,

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.325212
Retrieved Text: I’ve had such a problem sleeping the last few nights that I took a couple of Benadryl last night around eight. It was still after ten when I finally went to sleep and boy do I feel groggy this morning. That is about the strongest medicine I will take and it shows in the way that it effects me. Man I don’t want to wake up this morning.
I found out last night that I have a meeting in Atlanta on Tuesday afternoon so I am going to have to try and reschedule the time I am picking up that darned rental car. It was supposed to be at three tomorrow afternoon but I have to be in Atlanta by three. Hopefully they will let me pick this thing up by noon tomorrow.
The wife took both girls clothes shopping and then grocery shopping over the weekend. We all have to make sure and wear blue at graduation because blue is the color for Lima company. They picked up a pair of ‘sparkly’ shoes for the four year old and my wife said that my older girl just stood there with mouth agape staring at the jewelry. That’s too darn funny. I guess she is at that age where it is starting to look good to her.
I am so hoping that today will not be a terribly long day. I have several things that I really need to get done this afternoon both online and off and I need to go ahead and finish the laundry and start

########
Rank: 5
Score: 22.064505
Retrieved Text: How's it going where you are?
Mine is to keep warm, maybe do some baking, attend my usual sport commitments and try some hand sewing!!
Gonna be going to places and sneering at said places.
Ooh! Good luck with that, HotD!
Location: If you see a stranger, follow him.
Going to my grandparents’ house today. Maybe hanging with friends this evening. No plans tomorrow. Sunday my trivia league is going to regionals because we won the tournament last week.
Sister's in town, and she brought Em-Bear. Emmy's gotten so big just since January. Can't hardly believe it.
...Sister's gotten big, too. New baby is due in September, and it shows, boy.
Anyhow. Doing stuff with the family tomorrow. Sunday we're all going out for brunch, then heading over to my cousin's place for a cookout in the afternoon. Wild.
This weekend, kung fu training, practising speaking Cantonese, and beginning to learn written Chinese. My brain. It hurts.
welp, had to file a written complaint against my neighbors this morning. This is destroying my productivity.
^'Tasting'? Like, a wine tasting?
Yep. My part-time job does free tastings every Saturday. The person that runs them was out sick on Friday and wasn't sure if they could make it Saturday, so I offered to cover if needed. I ended up not having to.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.760519
Retrieved Text: Q. Talk about the proudness you feel about the message that you sent out, not getting ahead; yes, the success from yesterday, but going out there this morning and really pressing on and pushing ahead?
THOMAS BJØRN: They have done well again this morning, I have to say. We keep going. We keep going till the end and this is the way the morning session finishes today, the other way, and we've got an afternoon session ahead of us that's going to be tough, 16 really good golfers on the golf course this afternoon. We go with what we have and we keep pushing, and nothing's won. We're just at the halfway stage. There's no big happiness. There's still a determination and work to be done.
Q. What confidence do you have in the lineup this afternoon?
THOMAS BJØRN: We were very successful in the foursomes yesterday, and I had to go with that set of pairings for this afternoon. We switched them around a little bit to match them with where they are at fitness and strength at the moment, so we go with that.
Now we look forward to getting out there this afternoon. It's a good group of guys, but we are also up against a team that's very strong.
Q. What was the thing that maybe you mulled over longer than anything else this afternoon?
THOMAS BJØRN: Do you go with the same theory as you did yesterday and get everybody on the golf course, or do you go with the successful group of guys that did so

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.595919
Retrieved Text: I am so sorry to do this to you all, but I have to take a sharp left turn off of gerbil babies (whom I am henceforth referring to as Gerblets—like giblets, but alive).
She is our awesome dog.
Cassidy is 13 years old and has been having health problems for a while. She has on and off liver and kidney issues and has chronic joint issues as well as incontinence and lots of itchiness. She seems confused a lot of the time. Sometimes I have to carry her up and down stairs. She takes a lot of medicine.
We’ve known for a while that she didn’t have a long time, but she has deteriorated a lot over the past couple of weeks. Just this evening, she took a nose dive. She is hunched and limping and breathing really hard.
Saturday (tomorrow) afternoon the vet is coming to put her to sleep.
I know it’s the right thing to do. I know it. But tomorrow is going to be horrible. We are going to miss her a lot.
The kids are ready—as ready as they can be. We’ve been talking about her being sick for a while. When we saw how quickly she was starting to not feel well, we started preparing them for this happening. And now we’ve told them that tomorrow afternoon they’re going to go over to a friend’s house and the vet is going to come to our house and help Cassidy die.
Quinn decided that he wanted to have a party for Cassidy today. So we had a

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.378979
Retrieved Text: It isn't Easter until tomorrow but I've had a kitchen full of chocolate Easter Eggs for a couple of weeks now; I haven't known where to keep them. They have so many each that it's been impossible to hide them. They are off school for two weeks so rather than making the kids wait until tomorrow to start opening them I've been letting them have their Easter Eggs as an afternoon treat since the 1st day of Easter Holidays.
We don't do the Easter Bunny thing in our house, neither me or Mark we're brought up to believe an Easter Bunny delivered our Easter Eggs...I always told my parents which one I wanted (usually one that would come with a mug) so it isn't something that we started doing with our kids.
If you followed our blog around Christmas time you may remember that I put together a Christmas Eve basket for the kids filled with a few bits and treats; I had put the basket away safely to use next Christmas but decided the other week that instead of buying the kids Easter Eggs I would re-use the white basket and fill it with a few Easter treats for them. I haven't gone OTT as they already have a ton of chocolate to much their way through. I'm going to give it to them tonight after dinner as I am working tomorrow.
This is just a little post to share what we got, I hope the kids enjoy it - I do quite enjoy finding little bits to

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.13059
Retrieved Text: The 19th & 20th; I think I need a lorazepam day tomorrow. — In one of the stars I shall be living.
The 19th of September. I got up about eight today after waking at half past four and putting the radio on to hear what was going on with Scotland. I sort of drifted in and out of the speeches of various politicians. Salmond just sounded so bitter, and I am not surprised he's resigned (although upon finding out on the radio on the way home from the cinema, I wasn't sure if he was even still alive, the way he was being discussed)!
This morning I finished the scarf I've been crocheting, so now I'll have to start another one - I can only do rows, I can't crochet in the round. I have tried to learn from YouTube and I always mess it up.
This afternoon, I started writing another essay, as I really needed to do something more cerebral than watching tv. Although then Daddy and I went to see Boxtrolls (hence hearing about Salmond on the radio on the way home). It was fine, but I think I was expecting it to be better. I do not feel like it has enriched my life. Oh well. Swings and roundabouts.
So tired, I think I need a lorazepam day tomorrow. This morning I watched Saturday Kitchen and read the paper, and this afternoon, Daddy and I went to see A Most Wanted Man. I thought we'd see two films this weekend, and next weekend it'll be

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.040052
Retrieved Text: start work on my paint projects.
Do cardio. something I enjoy whether it be the pool, walk, or cycle but I am going to take a breather and be with myself tomorrow afternoon!
I will get started earlier so I can get more done.
Record all meals & snacks!
Be the best you can be every day!
Ride another 10 tomorrow if nice.
My calories have been staying within range as well with other nutritional info. However, not eating the greatest in achieving this goal. Hoping to make better choices.
tell my wife that i love her more often.
**Maintain** "OR" set new Goal! 170's maybe??
use ice on arm healing from surgery more often.
My measurement session went ok. Somehow lost 2" around the middle and lost 6lbs. in a short period of time? Water weight? been watching calories but eating poor. Getting my water in!!!
I will do errands I put off today due to wind, rain and snow. I will visit one of my Stephen Ministry care receivers who is having a tough time right now.
I will be completely vegan from tomorrow on.
Let RAW food be thy medicine and medicine be RAW food.
I am going to attempt NOT to eat Halloween candy.
I am going to ride with some riders that are out of my league who CLAIM they don't mind riding with a pokey rider.
RUN, RUN, RUN. YES YOU CAN. KEEP GOING.
I will start meditating tomorrow.
eat breakfast earlier than 10:00 a.m.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.031094
Retrieved Text: Time and internet access constraints have conspired against me. Here’s a quick overview of the last two days.
TRH (The Retired Husband) very patiently worked with Ritva and I to hang art works and Finnish textiles on the walls of her new home on the last day before we left Paynesville.
A very Scandinavian tradition going back hundreds of years, walls are decorated with colourful textile wall rugs and tapestries. Ritva has an interesting collection. One of the oldest is the one dated 1953. It was made by my father’s youngest sister.
The hook rug with the image of 3 circles was made by Ritva, me and my brother’s wife as an anniversary gift for our parents.
The orchid paintings are some of my brother’s art work.
On our last night in Paynesville we enjoyed a leisurely meal at a restaurant on the foreshore watching the ferry coming and going across to Raymond Island.
early this morning Big Red made her way towards Melbourne. We had arranged to meet up with Marc on the way home for an afternoon.
The scenery along the hills and dales of the Southern Gippslands was stunning. Dairy and cattle country, the herds of grazing ruminants dotted the landscape.
By 1.30 we had arrived at the gate of the Cerebus Naval Base where Marc is now completing the next phase of his training.
The photo on the left is the entrance to the base.
We had the delight of spending the afternoon with Marc again.
Tomorrow we continue our way towards Adelaide.
Hopefully tomorrow will be a better internet access.
Thank you 🙂 It’s

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.959106
Retrieved Text: Wrexham manager Kevin Wilkin can now focus on Saturday's game.
Kevin Wilkin was disappointed to see today&apos;s FA Trophy replay postponed for a second time.
Wrexham were due to travel to Gateshead today for their third round replay, with the initial idea if the game was to be postponed would be to try again 24 hours later on the Wednesday.
However, with the conditions and the forecast taken into account, the match has now been rescheduled for Saturday at the International Stadium.
Before the postponement Wrexham could have been facing one of four teams this Saturday.
Should the trophy tie have taken place and Wrexham progressed they would have faced the winners of either Dartford or Halifax on Saturday – on the condition their replay survived the weather. If the game had been pushed back to Saturday, or if Wrexham were knocked out by Gateshead, then Wilkin’s men would have travelled to take on Nuneaton in a scheduled Vanarama Conference clash.
Hardly ideal preparation for a club, and Wilkin was glad to see the fixture list confirmed, even if it is likely to throw up more headaches over the coming few weeks.
“With the game being off tomorrow it is not ideal,” said Wilkin. “Everyone is having to hover around and with calling it off so late we have to drag everyone in training this afternoon.
“We train this afternoon and then tomorrow morning which is not great because it doesn’t leave a massive amount of rest period and getting the right sort of work into people, so it is far from ideal but

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.812054
Retrieved Text: (GRAMMAR and LANGUAGE STRUCTURES. Links to exercises) Note on Future tenses_practice, created by gaida.kabral on 05/05/2013.
Future tenses I've taken the 10.40 to Bristol every Friday for three years and it's always half empty. Believe me, you (find) a seat.2. My father's approaching retirement age, so he (probably/sell) the business next year.3. Going by all of the recent polls, the social democrats (win) next week's election by a huge majority.4. Look at those black clouds. It (rain) this afternoon.5. I'm going on holiday tomorrow. This time next Tuesday afternoon I (ski) down a mountain!6. At our next wedding anniversary we (be/married) for twenty-five years.7. 'You speak very good Chinese.' 'Thank you. It's not surprising; I (live) in Beijing for eight years next month.'8 Sit down and watch the TV; I (just/finish) this letter quickly before I join you.9 Your driving test is next Tuesday, so (we/have) a two-hour session on Monday?10 'Have your parents decided whether you can come to the festival next weekend?' 'Not yet, but they can't stop me. I (come) with you.'11 I've won the jackpot on the lottery and I (spend) it all straight away!12 I've just been to the council meeting. It looks like they (build) a new shopping centre in town.13 I've just heard a rumour that your favourite jazz singer (come) to give a concert in our village!14 'Have you looked at the new financial report yet?' 'No, but I (stay) at home this evening so I can study it then.'15 The takeover is going ahead, I'm afraid, so we

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.798876
Retrieved Text: Greetings residents of Water's Edge Village Homes in Hugo and welcome to your project blog! We are looking forward to completing your deck staining project.
Friday, August 10th: Hello and TGIF!
The crew is cruising through your decks at Water's Edge. They are anticipating to be done by Monday, 8/13. Again, we appreciate your cooperation to move your deck items for the pressure washing and also for staining. We hope you enjoy your newly stained decks and have a great rest of the summer!
Thursday, August 9th: Good afternoon!
The crew is continuing to stain decks along our route. They are staining in the orange areas today and they hope to be done by the end of the day on Satuday, thanks! To note for dry times- we recommend 24 hours before moving items back onto your deck.
The crew is making their way around the association to stain your decks. They may not be going exactly in order, but are staying within the same area - this is so the crew can complete decks with same stain color without having to switch between colors/brushes. Thanks!
Alex stains one of the deck skirts.
Tuesday, August 7th: Hello and good afternoon!
The crew has started to stain your decks at Water's Edge. They are at the beginning of the route and working their way through the blue buildings. We'll update the schedule shortly as to their progress. They may start in the pink buildings as early as tomorrow. Thanks!
Alex brushes on the stain @ Water's Edge.
Nestor is freshening up your deck, one floor board at

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.785564
Retrieved Text: Generally, I do not take my days off. I know, I know. I need to. But, for someone like me, what’s easy to say is not as easy to do. However, today, I decided that I was going to go to St. Mary of the Lake Seminary in Mundelein, Illinois to take our five seminarians out to dinner.
I always leave a little early and spend some time in prayer next door to St. Mary of the Lake at Marytown. It’s a great place that offers perpetual adoration of the Blessed Sacrament. They have a wonderful gift shop and also a museum dedicated to the memory of Maximilian Kolbe.
Kindly keep our seminarians there, as well at other schools, in your prayers. We need all the men that we can get to consider the priesthood! Click here to see the men currently studying for the Diocese of Gary. It will give a face to the names of the men for whom you are praying.
I’m not quite sure what I’m going to do after Mass. If I’m tired and want to rest, I might just stay at a hotel in Libertyville and come back tomorrow morning. Otherwise, I’ll come home tonight and sleep in tomorrow. Tomorrow’s going to be a busy day. I have a consultors’ meeting at the chancery in the morning followed by a priests’ council meeting in the afternoon.
See you tomorrow! Right now, I’m Mundelein bound . . .

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.759207
Retrieved Text: The DorobekInsider reported earlier this week that Tim Young has announced that he is leaving the Office of Management and Budget. The big question still outstanding is… where is he going?
Young was a speaker at the AFCEA Bethesda, Md. chapter’s Health IT Day this morning and he confirmed that next Friday, Nov. 21, will be his last day at OMB.
The question still lingering is where is he going.
He said this morning that we’ll hear this afternoon or tomorrow… or maybe this afternoon!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.704044
Retrieved Text: "We will go to win tomorrow, we'll not be setting up to get a point"
Mark Connolly spoke to the media ahead of tomorrow's game with Cambridge.
Defender Mark Connolly looks ahead to Saturday's match at home to Cambridge United.
Mark Connolly dismissed suggestions the Reds would settle for a draw tomorrow and said he and the side are firmly after all three points.
Like the Head Coach Harry Kewell did 15 minutes before him, Connolly sat down with the press this afternoon to talk about tomorrow's visit from Cambridge United.
The side hasn't made the best of starts but the defender insists he and them team are fully focused on getting a win tomorrow.
"We can't be going into a game especially at home looking to get just one point" Connolly told the press.
"We really do go out to win every game, like we did at Cheltenham and like we did at Port Vale, and we'll go to win tomorrow."
The Reds seek out their first win of the season, after losing to both Port Vale and Cheltenham.
Connolly believes the team is getting there but they need to be more consistent.
"We need to be consistent, we can't start a game slowly and can't be 1-0 or 2-0 down in the first half and then fighting to come back in the second half, which we have done.
"It's the opposite to last year so I think we need to find that balance and us as players it's not really physical, it's more the mental side where we've got to be switched on."
Connolly's full take

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.601973
Retrieved Text: Sunday. Mt. Hood snow. Gorge rain. And oh yeah, there’s a marathon today.
I went to The Dalles 7 times in the last week, and I’m happy to say that I don’t have to go to The Dalles today. At least, I didn’t think I was going to The Dalles. But in an ironic twist, the Tri Club folks invited me to come to… wait… The Dalles to go for a bike ride today. I think I’m going to have to pass. Maybe I’ll go for a trail run on the Gorge 400 instead.
Thank you for using this forecast!
Please donate to support it!
Yesterday I said Mt. Hood would get 3-5” of snow at 5000′ out of this storm. According to Mt. Hood Meadows security email, there was 3” of new snow this morning in the parking lot. The snow level today will be 4000′ early, rising to 5500′ in the afternoon with W wind at 30-40 this morning and WNW wind at 35-40 in the afternoon as the weather system moves through. Looks like we’ll get another .3-.5” water value (WV) today, for another 2-4” of new snow.
Tomorrow starts off clear on the mountain with the free air freezing level (FAF) at 5500′. The freezing level/snow level will rise to 6000′ in the afternoon and 10,000′ overnight. Rain will start sometime in the wee hours of Tuesday morning. Wind on Monday will be WNW 10mph early and SW 20 in the afternoon and evening.
Rain continues on Tuesday with the snow level at 10,000′ early. As the weather

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.597397
Retrieved Text: Trek 1145: Trekkers have now reached Alola Village. According to Clement a few showers but track ok. Tomorrow they will head to Dump 1 for the night. Will’s has found the going tough today but the others are all doing really well. Earlier today they stopped at the Isurava Memorial to pay their respects.
Trek 1145: Trekkers spent last night at the foot of Mt Bellamy. Everyone continues to do well. Today they are making their way to Naduri Village for the night. Will continues to come up the rear but he is doing it at his own pace so good on him. Keep going guys almost at the half way point now. The weather was kind to them yesterday according to Clement their guide.
Trek 1145: As planned, trekkers are tucked up asleep in Naduri Village for the night. Tomorrow they will make their way to the half way point of Efogi, top up with food flown in earlier this week and then proceed to Menari Village for the night. They will also pass through Brigade Hill tomorrow, one of the most emotional areas of the Kokoda Trail. Clement said they pretty much have the track to themselves!
Trek 1145 continued their trek today and are now in Menari Village. Will is still toughing it out at the back but is doing just fine. Clement said the last of the team arrived in Menari around 5pm this afternoon. Tomorrow they will head to Nauro Village. A few showers today but not so wet it would seem.
Trek 1145: per

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.570997
Retrieved Text: Latest Update This Afternoon On Our Winter Storm.
Good morning everyone (Thursday morning @ 8:20 AM). I am still working on today's blog update. Lots going on and will have it posted in an hour or so. Thanks for stopping by.
I sat in on a special conference call and web briefing hosted by the Albuquerque National Weather Service Office this afternoon, concerning the Major Winter Storm that is going to impact most of New Mexico tomorrow into this weekend. Here are some of the forecasters thoughts on this significant event.
Northern 2/3rd's Of New Mexico.
As the arctic cold front races southward down the eastern plains tomorrow, it will dam up against the central mountain chain of the state. It looks like this is going to be one of those rare occasions to where not only are these areas facing a potentially damaging gap high wind event, (strong northeasterly-easterly winds pushes westward through the mountain passes) but also a over-topping high wind event as well.
The depth of the arctic air should be deep enough by around sunset tomorrow evening to over-top the Sandia and Manznao mountains, and spill down the western slopes into the northeastern heights of Albuquerque and nearby areas. These winds have the potential to reach speeds of 70 mph, and could very well produce some damage. As these powerful wind gusts spill over the tops of the mountains, they will blow snow off of the mountain tops and into the northeast heights of Albuquerque.
A High Wind Warning is now in effect for the Central Mountain Chain,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.557571
Retrieved Text: Washed and clean, now out for beer. More stories when we find an internet caf. tomorrow.
And so we have arrived in Kathmandu, but not without one final accident. Time for a well deserved wash – oh and a few beers.
Disaster has struck ... we've run out of gaffer tape :-( Have had to re-attach windscreen with screws.
Made it to Chitwan national park last night, saw lots of huge elephants. Now tackling mountain pass heading for Pokhara.
Stayed in Dharan Bazar last night, pushing on today. Everyone is smiling and waving at us.
Nepali momos are just like Polish pierogies - Mmmm guess what we'll be living on.
Crossed into Nepal, tea with border guards. Good roads, but have an oil leak!
Roof ripped off tuk tuk like a tin of sardines, gaffer tape to the rescue, pranged a jeep and first glimpse of Everest, its tiny.
Back on the road in a mo, looking forward to more potholes, speeding trucks, rogue cows and suicidal chickens.
Had a nice day relaxing - spent all afternoon sipping tea and exchanging war stories - having withdrawal symptoms so back on the road tomorrow.
Day off in Darjeeling today, going by jeep to tiger hill and then shopping for thermal underwear – heading for Nepal tomorrow.
Nearly lost the engine out of ricky, all bolts now tightened daily. Spent the afternoon climbing steep hill to Darjeeling, where we are now - lovely but freezing.
Feels like progress at last – crossed the Ganges yesterday, now about 150 clicks from Darjeeling. Lost 1st gear & driving in thick freezing fog

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.553843
Retrieved Text: My favorite ice cream shop is one year old today, so was handing out free scoops to all comers. Guess where I stopped after work this evening. (caramel cashew NOM NOM NOM). I had brain sproing and a bit of a headache going on from work, so it helped immensely. Another patron and I sang "Happy Birthday" while the boss lady was out in front.
I am glad that we have had a couple of slightly cooler days here. I spent most of Sat. and Sun. afternoon sleeping. It was Too Farking Hot To Do Anything. The new Clarks sandals have come through with flying colors - I wore them all week, and while I was a little uncomfy by Sunday (I took them off in the nice carpeted chapel), they did very well. My feet are glad that it was cool enough to wear socks yesterday and today.
It is going to be hot again tomorrow, though, because it's 7:30 pm and there is not the slightest hint of the trees rustling in the ocean breeze.
You should have called me!, she whined. NOM NOM indeed!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.470243
Retrieved Text: I’m in Letterkenny. I drove up yesterday morning, examined yesterday afternoon and again this morning. Crashed out in the Radisson Blu hotel this afternoon and I’ll be examining all day tomorrow, driving home tomorrow night. Sunday will be my first day off in two weeks. This is the pre-Christmas examining hump.
Didn’t really do anything creative yesterday apart from these doodles in short breaks between candidates. I wasn’t all that happy with my clothes on the line in my gouache painting the other day so I thought a bit harder about trousers and shirts and what they look like.
Then this evening I was messing around with watercolour pencils. The first thing is abstract, sort of inspired by the stained glass I saw in a funeral parlour in a Netflix sitcom we’re currently watching, called The Kominsky Method, starring Alan Arkin and Michael Douglas. Phew.
For years (yes, YEARS), I’ve been thinking about creating a something involving a spoon carved from wood, some coloured stones and the representation in some way of a liquid in which the stones sit and which seems to spill from the bowl of the spoon. In my mind, the spoon has been a ladle. To do this would require a piece of wood with a very distinctive shape. So, now, I’m thinking of a much simpler spoon, flatter and easier to do. Here’s a very rough representation of my current plan.
Now it’s after midnight. I’m in the Radisson Blu hotel in Letterkenny. I’ve been in non-stop chat with a couple of examiners for the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.411467
Retrieved Text: Fcpo analysis and trade journal: Big mistake, Again!!!
29th June, I did a big mistake again by not exit position (cut loss) where there was open gap down in morning and afternoon session. And today, crude oil and soybean as well as DJIA has been fallen down so huge. I'm not sure what i'm going to do tomorrow. Exit position with losing almost rm 1000 and enter a new short position? i'm not sure though. but if price is gape down, sure i'll enter short position.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.327555
Retrieved Text: Current Location: where am I from again?
First of all, my grandfather is doing well; they removed his gall bladder yesterday and he'll be fine once he's recovered. He should be out of the hospital this weekend. My mom went and spent yesterday and last night with them and she's coming back this afternoon.
So yesterday morning I decided I needed a quiet day to myself. I'd been supressing the fact that I'm completely and totally overwhelmed by everything around me for several days; it got worse as the jetlag wore off. Now the jetlag's gone but I'm just constantly stressed out. I recognize the attitude I have from my first month in Japan. I think I'm going to take the next week slowly, which is good because I won't have the car anyway- Mom will be going to the hospital a lot (and I will too, probably).
I mostly stayed at home. Dad and I drove his '61 Chevy around; I brought Durin, who had a great time sticking his nose out the window. Then I read awhile. I watched The Fellowship of the Ring and Dad (who had been planning on just watching the first scene or so) got sucked in. For dinner I made pizza, which turned out surprisingly well even though the crust was yappari okashii. Um... weird as expected. Yes. After dinner we went to get ice cream. It was good to relax.
Today I've got a doctor's appointment in an hour or so and then I'm running errands this afternoon when my mom brings

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.315363
Retrieved Text: Last month I wrote a post on Family History and Hope. We leave for my sister’s this afternoon. Tomorrow morning, we’re having breakfast with the person from the VFW who helped coordinate the effort to find the family and get James’ honors back home. Tomorrow afternoon we all go to the VFW. I’ve been told this is an exciting event for them. They’ve been waiting a long time to find us. The local news who covered the story last Memorial Day is going to be there to do a follow-up.
I had no idea. I was just grateful to these people for taking care of these things for us, and happy they weren’t gone forever. My sister and I don’t need a big show. This isn’t about us. I mentioned all this to Mr. Magick Man and he agreed with my point of view, but he also said that these people have been holding James in a place of honor for a couple of years now; a WWII veteran who needed to find his family and a proper resting place. They want to celebrate him coming home. These are valued family memories for us, but the VFW looks at this from a different perspective. James was a fellow soldier. This is a big day for everyone involved.
Teen boy is going to be there, too; but since this is such a big day, I’ve asked him to dress in his ROTC uniform. He has plans for a military career after high school and there will be people at

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.271946
Retrieved Text: ← I say Kolmanskop….they said Kolmannskuppe.
Tonight is my last night in Namibia. Tomorrow afternoon I start my long trek home. I leave Windhoek, Namibia at 4pm and fly to Johannesburg. Then it’s on to Frankfurt, Germany followed by our leap over the Atlantic to Toronto and finally home to Kansas City. Thirty-one total hours on planes or sitting in airports.
Tonight I treated myself to a nice dinner at Joe’s Beerhouse. Appetizer was Smoked Kudu, followed by a garden salad and the main course was deep-fried Hake fillet. Hake is a flat fish without the fishy taste. I’ve had it several times.
Yesterday I drove from Luderitz to Quiver Tree Forest. About an hour east of Luderitz is an area know for it’s feral horses. There are several theories on where these horses originated. One theory is they came with the German Imperial Army in 1915…another that they came up with Nama raiders and another is that they were part of a ship-wreck of horses being taken from Europe to Australia. In any event, they have adapted to the harsh conditions and reportedly can go up to five days without water. There are reportedly about 100 on them living in the area.
From there it was on to Quiver Tree Forest. The quiver tree is also called Kokerboom. Actually, it isn’t a tree but an aloe plant. It’s up to 28′ tall and nearly 36″ wide at the base. The plants grow individually but some grow in groups and thus the term, forest. These trees are supposed to be

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.267565
Retrieved Text: Fiat Yamaha Team rider, whose first ever 125cc race was back in 1996 at Shah Alam, has an illustrious record at this circuit with eight wins to his name, including two with Yamaha in 2004 and 2005.
Rossi started off steadily this morning, finishing the first session in eighth as he struggled to perfect his set-up to suit the tricky Donington surface. In the later stages of the afternoon session the Bridgestone-shod Italian and his crew improved things somewhat, finding a better setting which gave them more grip and finishing the day third in the combined standings, behind Casey Stoner and Nicky Hayden.
Valentino Rossi "This morning we were struggling and we're not in perfect shape yet. Fortunately however, this afternoon on the last run things improved a lot and we are now third. The main problem here is the asphalt because it doesn't have any grip anymore and riding on it is very difficult. Of course the temperature was quite low, which didn't help, but in some parts of the track the asphalt is finished. It's a pity because this track is great, one of my favourites! We have to hope that the weather stays dry because if it's wet it will be even worse. We have a couple of ideas to try tomorrow; we will try some different tyres and also some other solutions for the setting, in order to be faster in the direction changes.
We had a very long meeting after the session in order to try to understand the problem, it's very strange because

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.202583
Retrieved Text: When I was in school, it was called the Dance Showcase. Dance New Works is way cooler.
Living in Missoula, I have the opportunity to see original choreography and performance about 4 times per year–just from the University of Montana School of Theatre and Dance. It totally rocks! And makes me miss performing in a bad, bad way. Which, in turn, inspires me.
If you have some time this evening, tomorrow afternoon, or tomorrow evening, please please please go support my amazing friends. There are two different shows, Program I (tomorrow night) and Program II (tonight and tomorrow afternoon). Program I is more suited to adult audiences, but I’ve heard that Program II is very family friendly. I have seen Program I, and can vouch for its awesomeness (and adult content–hilarious and otherwise), and I’ll be going to the other show tomorrow afternoon.
Next Next post: Spring is coming!

================



======= Instance Index 23 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: What did the weatherman say?

M: It's supposed to clear up this week.

Question: What are the speakers talking about? 

- A man.

- The weather.

- An exam.

Target Text: The weather.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.99155
Retrieved Text: __EVERGREEN Archives - Lee Jackson - Motivational Speaker and Presentation Coach in organisations business and education.
Speakers talking about speaking Episode 4 with Lee Jackson http://leejackson.biz and guest Alan Stevens http://mediacoach.co.uk This time we are talking about story. How important is story to speaking? What is a story and how do you craft one well? Alan answers these questions and much banter on Speakers Talking About Speaking Episode 4!
Filmed in a quiet moment at the first ever European Speakers Convention in Antwerp, Belgium. Lee asks John to explain neuroscience for speakers. What do speakers need to know about the human brain in order for us to engage an audience better? How do combat nerves and what does the brain do when we are stressed out?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.18213
Retrieved Text: The Spirit of Folk Festival 2014 Launch in Whelans – titled We Are Made of Star Stuff” – was one of those special nights that you stumble upon but that leaves you just a little bit changed. I know that sounds pretentious, but with a great musical line-up preceded by a stellar (see what I did there? Geddit?!) list of speakers, it was always going to be a little bit special.
What surprised me was that although the music was great – particularly Carriages, who are consistently brilliant – it was the speakers that absolutely made the night. The speakers ranged from Lee Hurley talking about how we are all a little bit star (and they are all a little bit us), to poet Stephen James Smith, via Grace Dyas talking about creativity and Christian Reeves, who told us all to start before we’re ready. A beautiful night all in all.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.68592
Retrieved Text: If you were to recall an inspirational speaker and by that I don’t just mean a motivational speaker, personally I’ve seen inspiring speakers who talk to quite dry subject…. I’m sure that you can see and hear them very clearly in your mind’s eye. You can probably see them on stage delivering a talk and feel their presence and connection.
Being a good speaker is something that many can do, being a great speaker requires some more skill but being an inspirational speaker is something that many aspire and few achieve.
Just because people are great coaches and mentors they aren’t necessarily inspirational speakers, it’s a completely different pace to coaching. There will of course be times when its appropriate for a speaker to drop their voice or pause for effect but questions should be left to the end not just questions from the audience but asking questions of the audience as people will disengage to think about the response and either miss a bit of the talk or take time to re-engage and connect.
Inspirational speakers dare to shine, they show up and they play big, and that’s because you can’t give if you are playing small. Playing small is denying your audience access to knowledge and information that you have and they deserve to know and understand. Inspirational speakers can be technical speakers as well as speakers on more general personal and business development.
It’s also likely that an inspirational speaker is evolving all the time and growing not just in their speaking ability but also in their

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.80289
Retrieved Text: 2. What are the two speakers mainly talking about?
A. What they do while traveling.
B. When they do their homework.
C. How they spend their spare time.
3. What is the probable relationship between the two speakers?
4. What happens to Mr Jordan?
A. He is ill. B. He is out of work. C. He is on holiday.
A. She wants to go on watching TV.
B. She wants the man to turn the TV off.
C. She does not mind what the man will do.
6. What is the conversation mainly about?
A. Ordering a radio. B. Having the radio fixed.
C. Looking for a radio repair shop.
7. What does the woman expect the man to do?
A. Repair her radio. B. Listen to her radio.
C. Buy a new radio for her.
8. What does the man prefer to do?
A. Watch games outside. B. Watch TV at home.
C. Play ball games with his friends.
9. What does the woman want the man to do?
A. Do some physical exercise.
B. Watch ball games on TV at home.
C. Play a football game with his friends.
10. What are the two speakers mainly talking about?
A. A chemistry test. B. William Carlos Williams.
11. What does the woman want the man to do?
A. To choose a topic for her report.
B. To help her do better in her report.
C. To prepare her report on the poet.
12. When will the two speakers probably meet?
A. At about 2:00 pm. B. At about 4:00 pm.
C. At about 7:00 pm.
A. At the party. B. At the library. C. At Professor Blake’s.
14. What is the probable relationship between the two speakers?
A. Fellow

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.489992
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Microphones (live or studio)' started by Jacob, Jun 3, 2014.
I'm using the Blue Yeti and I noticed a lot of hissing sound from the mic. I could use programs to filter it out, but I think it's better to solve the problem from the root. I have a good feeling the hissing sound is coming from feedback from the computer, it's plugged into the "crappy" RealTek one that's stock with most computers.
My brother has a Asus Xonar STX he's giving me if I could set the mic up with it, but seeing as how this mic is done through USB is there any way to hook it up to record through the STX?
Nope. I'd ditch the Yeti, skip the Asus and get a real mic and interface.
sigh, I've had both components for a while now and don't have the budget anymore to get new stuff. What would be a decent setup though?
Is there anything I can do to solve the feedback hissing without software?
That would depend on your application. Is it spoken word, singing, general musical recording?
That's another "it depends". Is the hissing a sound in the room being picked up by the mic? Is it definitely in the recording rather than just in the playback? What exactly is the Realtek doing? You're not using speakers while recording are you? I might be possible to fix your setup, but better and more appropriate gear might make things easier.
Mostly narration, me talking to into it, nothing intense like singing or instrument recording.
-No definitely not the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.355879
Retrieved Text: Fund managers with assets ranging from $120 million to $250 billion talking about specific techniques they are using to sell their funds, covering an array of products, sales efforts and marketing structures.
Financial journalists sharing what they're looking for and what topics they find to be of interest.
M&A experts talking about trends in the industry and valuations for buyers and sellers.
Industry experts offering insights on how to get on platforms and maximize opportunities.
Data and digital providers demonstrating how to maximize their services for advisor outreach through smart data. For more information, including speakers, agenda and registration, visit https://www.sunstarstrategic.com/conference or call 703.299.8390.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.322435
Retrieved Text: » Product Reviews » What Kind Of Speakers Do You Like With Your PC Build?
« Is ARK: Survival Evolved A Good PC Game?
What Kind Of Speakers Do You Like With Your PC Build?
Speakers are an important part of your overall build and so I’m curious, for those of you that actually have a build, what kind of speakers are you using with it?
My first set of speakers were a hand me down of a hand me down. They lasted many years, probably close to 8 years honestly, before they started to create problems for me.
These are the exact speakers I had with my old build, the price is way too much now as compared to everything else.
Have you ever had an electronic product that had to have the wire bent at just the right angle before it was actually going to be able to work? Yeah, that’s exactly how my old speakers were.
However, when I could get the wire at the perfect angle then the sound was above average. There wasn’t a bass speaker or anything like that, just two normal speakers.
The speakers pictured to the right are the ones that I used to have. They provided a pretty decent sound, but they’re definitely not worth the current price point for what else is out there on the market.
For less than that price you can get speakers with a dedicated bass speakers and trust me, if you’ve used basic speakers like my old speakers before then you’d definitely like to have bass.
I’m not talking about a

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.265978
Retrieved Text: 1.What time is it now?
2.What does the woman think of the weather?
4.What is the woman’s opinion about the course?
5. What does the woman want the man to do ?
A. Speak louder. B. Apologize to her. C. Turn off the radio.
6. How long did Michael stay in China?
A. Five days. B. One week. C.Two weeks.
7. Where did Michael go last year?
A. Russia. B. Norway. C. India.
8.Whet food does Sally like?
9.What are the speakers going to do?
A.Cook dinner. B.Go shopping. C.Order dishes.
11.When is the report due ?
12.What does George suggest Stephanie do with the report?
14.What kind of apartment do the speakers prefer?
15.How much rent should one pay for the one-bedroom apartment?
16.Where is the apartment the speakers would like to see?
A.On Lake Street B.On Market C.On South Street.
17.What percentage of the world’s tea exports go to Britain?
18.Why do tea taster taste tea with milk?
A.Most British people drink tea that way.
B.Tea tastes much better with milk.
C.Tea with milk is healthy.
19.Who suggests a price for each tea?
20.What is the speaker talking about?
A.The life of tea tasters.
C.The London Tea Trade Centre.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.14931
Retrieved Text: ANDROIDTO RETURNS! Coming back for its 6th year, AndroidTO will be taking place at MaRS Discovery District on December 1st, 2015 as a part of the global Google DevFest initiative. What can you expect from this year's conference? SPEAKERS As with AndroidTO Conferences in the past, you can expect a group of speakers talking about the latest technologies representing companies and technologies that are defining our future. The AndroidTO Alumni of speakers includes an incredible roster from companies such as Google, Tumblr, Cyanogen, Facebook, 500px, Adobe, just to name a few... Full speaker roster is available at AndroidTO.com. WORKSHOPS Introduced by popular request at last year's AndroidTO, this year's event will again feature a handful of workshop options for attendees looking for a hands-on experience with some of the technologies on display.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.093075
Retrieved Text: We would like to invite all local groomers to come and spend the day with us getting to know each other. The doggy world can sometimes seem a little catty (excuse the pun. ) but that's not us and we want to help make every business a success, supporting each other and working together. We have arranged some speakers to come to Four Paws who can help BOOST our businesses, giving us focus. These speakers were a huge hit in January and have agreed to repeat the day in order for more groomers to attend. It would be great to see you all. We will provide nibbles for the day but please bring a packed lunch for something more substantial (there is also a shop very close by). Speakers include: Darren Gallimore from the FSB talking about ways to protect your business. The team at The Pet Collective talking about Nutrition and its effect on dogs coat health.
Reiki Rob will demonstrate how to use Reiki during grooming for yours and the dogs benefit. Sarah Mackay talks us through the different qualifications and looks at courses which can complement your grooming. Fern Gresty introduces BIGA and what trade organisations do behind the scenes to support your industry. We will issue certificates of attendance for the day to show your dedication to CPD. The event is just £10 a ticket to cover costs and we are limited to just 30 places given on a first come, first served basis.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.060537
Retrieved Text: Recently, I attended a meeting with the most dynamic speakers I’ve ever heard (and I’ve heard a LOT of speakers). They were so good that, even though the topic was not exactly my cup of tea, they each made me laugh out loud, brought the proverbial tear to my eye and motivated me to want to join them in their work. They were so good that I stopped thinking about anything else (how long their speeches were, how thirsty I was, you name it).
Michael Dell is great at talking about Dell products. He IS Dell. But, I bet he wouldn’t do quite as well if he was talking about the intricacies of driving a fire truck.
Yes, you need to be comfortable standing in front of people and you need to understand the basics of oratory. But great speakers are indeed great because they know their topic, they believe in it, they’ve lived it — they are it. Their blood literally pumps their topic through their bodies along with the hemoglobin: it’s that integrated.
Think about the difference between someone asking you for information about something you kind of know about, but aren’t fully in line with versus someone asking you about something that you are passionate about and that you understand completely. What is the difference in your answer? I’m guessing one answer is timid, full of ummms, generalizations and ‘you know’s. And the other is complete, rotund, full of detail, stories and actual information.
So…armed with this knowledge, let me ask you some questions.
A. Pick high-level execs

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.998392
Retrieved Text: So I was chatting with some stereo and home theater audio buddies about multichannel high resolution music and the general consensus was that it required too much investment in full range ITU setups (i.e equidistant, full range and set up in circle, with surrounds at 120 degrees)! Then I realized the issue!! They were talking about the “aggressive” or what I call “adventure” surround mixes made popular by Elliot Scheiner, Steve Wilson and others. These are prevalent in highly produced pop and rock music where the multitracks are separated and any track is liable to show up in the surrounds; very strong full-range discrete guitar, drums, piano, vocals, or any other part of the mix is a candidate. This makes huge demands on the surround speakers, and has made ineligible the small to medium sized surrounds (satellites, often of a different manufacturer) used in home theater, where demands are more ambient and less full-range, like foley effects (bullets and spaceships whizzing overhead).
Guess what? This hefty requirement, usually voted down by things like space, budget and spousal acceptance, is NOT at all a requirement to begin enjoying all the incredible benefits of the “other” type of surround mixing, that is the natural “acoustic” or “ambient” mixes that are present in classical, world and jazz multichannel music presented at NativeDSD.com. And I’m not talking artificial ambience added to the mix, I’m talking about the very high resolution room cues recorded along with the performers.
Natively recorded/mastered DSD music has the enormous benefit of extracting exactly the information that is

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.974577
Retrieved Text: 2006-06-25T18:59:48-04:00https://images.c-span.org/Files/249/193087-m.jpgFormer Vice President Al Gore was shown talking to people as he signed copies of his book, An Inconvenient Truth: The Planetary Emergency of Global Warming and What We Can Do About It, published by Rodale Books.
Former Vice President Al Gore was shown talking to people as he signed copies of his book, An Inconvenient Truth: The Planetary Emergency of Global Warming and What We Can Do About It, published by Rodale Books.
Filter by Speaker All Speakers Al Gore Jr.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.889664
Retrieved Text: Something I have always struggled with in the past is talking in front of a large audience. It’s what a lot of us struggle with, even if many of us have great speaking skills. Sometimes, talking in front of an audience can get the best of us. There’s a saying that if you imagine everyone in their “underwear,” it should help with your fear of talking in front of an audience. Well, that’s never really worked for me. But what has?
First, its always important to remember that you will be nervous no matter what. I have seen interviews of professional speakers talking about being nervous to speak in front of an audience, yes professional speakers!! It's totally normal to feel this way, so try not to let it get the best of you.
Practice!! Something I always did wrong was winging it, and I must say, I am awful at winging it, so I’m sure you can imagine how great one of my presentations went (*sarcastic voice*).
Breathe!! Breathing helps release most of your nerves and puts you in a mental state of calmness and peace. So, before going up to present, breathe!
Be confident. Don’t go up thinking you’re going to make a fool out of yourself. Carry a mindset where you know you’ll succeed, and don’t ever walk on a stage with a negative mindset. It takes away all your confidence and the last thing we want is our confidence taken away from us.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.85988
Retrieved Text: I'm trying to design my DJ setup and its killing me. I'm no sound guy and the locals in my area are worthless.
I rented 4 QSC K12 speakers and 2 K subs and they were hella loud and bumpin! and light compared to other speakers.
The sub you are talking about from QSC is better then the one I posted. Definitely reccomend them for a quality speaker!
PA design takes some skills you are talking about a permanent club install. I would recommend asking around on www.diyaudio.com. You also need to tell us a whole lot more about the types of acts that will be in your club. Are you going to just play dance music? Will you need to be able to patch in bands mixers? What is your budget? How much work are you able to do yourself to install the gear?
your best bet is to hit the local shop and test out different sound systems in the store, from various distances it would also help if we knew what type of acts are going to be gigging and if its a permanent setup or not.
Personally I'd rather use lots of smaller speakers than a handful of large ones; the reason being, you can get much more even coverage at a higher level of quality, and the "it's too loud over there" problem tends not to rear its head. It depends on the size of the space though, obviously the larger the main room is, the more you're going to be relying on bounced sound waves

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.81382
Retrieved Text: Student surveys added to the Nice Talking with You website!
I think it wold be so cool if students using Nice Talking with You could take a quick online poll and then see how other students who took the poll answered. So, I’ve added some polls powered by Surveymonkey.
I don’t think the days are too far off when all students, armed with their mobile devices, can give instant feedback and see how others responded. What will be REALLY cool is when students can see how guys in Taiwan differ from women in Japan on their likes & dislikes. That kind of instant feedback is available now, but it’s very costly. And, I think the interface for showing results to the end-user is very Excel-clunky.
If fellow teachers know of more affordable ways to get such results more elegantly, I’d love to hear about it!
All the audio for the textbook has been finished, and will be available first on the page entitled “.mp3 downloads.” This is for students to access on a unit-by-unit basis. In my experience, students rarely download all the files they need for a semester at once!
When that’s squared away, I’ll combine everything into a big zipped folder for teachers to download.
At long last, the new Cambridge Edition of Nice Talking with You is out, ready for classes starting in April.
You’ll need to know how the new book is different from the older editions. For now, I’ll limit the explanation to just the audio material.
1. Conversation Listening: 4 short conversations of traditional scripted dialogs between two

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.751698
Retrieved Text: WIRED Money 2015 at the British Museum was an intense and hugely entertaining day. With 19 speakers blowing our minds on the Main Stage and 18 inspiring pitches on the BBVA Ventures Startup Stage, the grand choice of location couldn't have been more apt.
One of the major themes of the day was how incumbents are increasingly being disintermediated by more agile, innovative startups such asmicrofinance company Oradian. These companies are on a mission to do things in a better, more customer-centric way.
From payments to user experience, marketplaces to security, it became apparent that our speakers -- who had come from Los Angeles, San Francisco, Berlin, Tel Aviv, Paris, Tokyo and even the wilds of Shoreditch -- are engaged in a grand and inspiring mission to make the financial sector better and build great businesses along the way. As author Andreas M Antonopoulos noted when talking about Bitcoin, "this is not smooth jazz - this is punk rock" – a sentiment that could be applied to what most of our speakers are doing on a daily basis.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.720566
Retrieved Text: Hi there and welcome back to another episode of The Art of Business English. This is Andrew Ambrosius here for another interesting and useful lesson. Today I really want to share some tips with you on how you can improve your international business communication.
Are you the type of person who has to attend meetings with lots of people from different countries? Do you have to use English as your common language? Do you often find yourself talking to non-natives in English? If this sounds like you then today, you are going to love my tips.
Did you know that most conversations in business English situations today occur between non-natives? That’s right, most international groups are using English as the common language, yet most of them are non-native English speakers.
Well, if you’re a non-native speaker and you find yourself talking to other non-native speakers then you should find it easier to communicate. If you are talking to native speakers of English, then you may find it more difficult.
In this episode we are going to look at what you can do to help make yourself better understood and also give you some tips on how you can make others, especially native people, communicate more clearly.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.679625
Retrieved Text: Adding sound chips to your locos makes a world of difference to a layout but not all model train speakers are created equal as Richard Croft from Road and Rails finds out.
I’m a huge fan of Adam Savage, both because of his model making (he’s worked on models several big Sci-Fi films) but also because of his Tv series MythBusters and at Tested.com, where he applies tests and review products and ideas. It’s great to see him put things through their paces.
It’s for the same reasons that I like Richard Croft’s video below where he rigs up and tests various speakers for DCC model train sound systems. Rather than just talking about the different speakers, Richard has wired them up to a sound chip and tried them out on camera so you can actually hear what they sound like.
If you’re thinking of getting a DCC sound chip, watch the video first and then decide which speaker to get.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.611517
Retrieved Text: Contact us now and one of our B&W speaker experts will get back to you within 1 business day!
I chose SoundVision for the purchase and installation of my 800 series Diamond speakers and I’m so glad I did! They are the only experts in my area that really knew what they were talking about. This fact shows in their work! Highly recommend!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.610329
Retrieved Text: Was-sup, people? Halloween Night comes and I turn into The Art Bell show or something?
I’ll write up something more snazzy and thoughtful in the morning or for All Soul’s Day, but in the meantime tonight?
I found myself making another update podcast similar to the one in September. I did that today because working so hard on Episode 17 “A Bio-Exorcist Comes To Collinwood” this week, and last night especially, I woke up with major burn-out. (Hahahaha.) But, like the disc jockeys and community radio speakers who came before me, I realize some of y’all like to listen to someone who knows what the heck the old television shows and movies we both like even are or are about. I’m grateful to discover that from listeners.
If anyone is hungry for more of the novel, Margaret Josette Dupres, I’m always up for talking about it, but talking rather than a “gimme more” discussion. Figuring out what comes next is always important.
What you love about the characters or your concerns about their history is great to discover and find out. That is what produces better stories, at least from me.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.594818
Retrieved Text: It’s always odd to watch oneself talking, but here I am discussing Materials 2017 which will take place next year.
It’s always odd to watch oneself talking, but here I am with others discussing Materials 2017 which will take place next year.
So many buildings that look interesting in drawings disappoint because the materials are not right – and of course the details, but what do you detail but materials? Sustainability is also all about ‘fabric first’ so you have to understand the fabric.
Understanding what materials are available and what they can do is vital – this is an exciting opportunity to learn more. The speakers are great and the sessions are intended to give a taste of many materials, rather than concentrating on one.
And the moderation of the title? Well, I will be the moderator. Apparently this is what one says nowadays, rather than chair. I will be practicing my moderate behaviour.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.575672
Retrieved Text: Come along to one of our SEND Drop in sessions, speak to members of the SEND Assessment team, share your views and work with us to develop services and support within Middlesbrough for children and young people with Special Educational Needs.
As part of National Careers week we have been fortunate to have guest speakers in the Academy talking about what it takes to be a success in their fields of work. Many thanks to all of our guest speakers so far with many more each day this week.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.53578
Retrieved Text: Today is right the middle of the EuroPython 2017. This means I can share some of my impressions on this event based on what I’ve already seen. This conference gathers lots of talented speakers and listeners. As it usually happens, the developers are talking about their work not only at their actual working time. The coffee brakes are for discussing too. E.g. the new language-related features and things like services and hardware.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.513287
Retrieved Text: Here in Russia, when English speakers start talking with Russian speakers about President Trump, it seems like you’re talking about two entirely different people. Why this is can be a puzzle, until you take a look at how Trump is presented and quoted in Russian. Then it becomes clear: they are two different people.
The American Trump speaks in short bursts that sometimes trail off into nowhere, with plenty of repetition and a lot of very colloquial or slangy words and expressions. The Russian Trump speaks in complete, statesman-like sentences, with a few sharp words for piquancy.
Does that remind you of anyone? In Russian, Trump sounds a bit like Vladimir Putin.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.460094
Retrieved Text: Is that what you want for your event?
Do you want your event to stand out AND give true value?
Most speakers have the ability to get you excited to make changes, but what happens the day after you hear them?
That's right, you don't remember what got you so excited.
Most speakers aren't prepared to give you information that you can take with you and apply after their event. Though they are brilliant at getting you motivated, if you don't have a place to put your new enthusiasm, it goes wasted.
You deserve an event that stands out, that will leave a mark on your attendees, and will have them begging you to repeat in the future.
Is that the kind of event that you want?
An event that people will be talking about and thankful for?
Book Now to have the event that your attendees deserve!
We have a different approach to most speakers. We don't want to just motivate you. Though it is important to give motivation, we also want to give you much more.
Instead of just motivating you, we also provide your attendees with insightful information that can be used and readily applied after the event. By doing this, you are able to channel your newfound motivation into productive ends that will make a dramatic impact to you and your attendees.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.400928
Retrieved Text: LingvoSoft Talking Picture Dictionary English <-> Spanish for Windows Mobile makes communicating and learning another language as easy as child’s play. No matter what your age or skill level, a simple system of pictures lets you quickly find a word and translate it – all without any previous knowledge of spelling or pronunciation. That’s because you simply point at a picture and let the dictionary do the rest. High-definition digital recordings of native-speakers includes advanced pronunciation options for both languages, so you will always be sure to get it right the first time.
LingvoSoft Talking Picture Dictionary English <-> German for Windows Mobile makes communicating and learning another language as easy as child’s play. No matter what your age or skill level, a simple system of pictures lets you quickly find a word and translate it – all without any previous knowledge of spelling or pronunciation. That’s because you simply point at a picture and let the dictionary do the rest. High-definition digital recordings of native-speakers includes advanced pronunciation options for both languages, so you will always be sure to get it right the first time.
LingvoSoft Talking Picture Dictionary English <-> French for Windows Mobile makes communicating and learning another language as easy as child’s play. No matter what your age or skill level, a simple system of pictures lets you quickly find a word and translate it – all without any previous knowledge of spelling or pronunciation. That’s because you simply point at a picture and let the dictionary do the rest. High-definition digital recordings of

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.380106
Retrieved Text: ﻿ Fun Easy English - new american english grammar Voice of America VOA Everyday The Many Reasons for the Word 'The' lesson.
The 1995 film Dead Man has a strange opening scene.
"Look out the window. And doesn't this remind you of when you were in the boat, and then later that night, you were lying, looking up at the ceiling, and the water in your head was not dissimilar from the landscape…"
Yes, the word 'the.' You heard it many times in the audio from the movie.
English speakers use this word for several reasons – some of which we will discuss in this program.
Today, we will show you how Americans use 'the' in everyday speech, writing, and even in the arts, such as literature or movies.
But first, we need to give you a few definitions.
Articles are words that go before nouns. They tell if the noun is general or specific.
When an article is specific, it is called a definite article. The word 'the' is a definite article.
English speakers use 'the' when both the speaker and the listener know what is being referred to. They can have this shared understanding for any number of reasons.
Sometimes the noun is already known, for example. Sometimes the speakers are referring to nouns that are unique. At other times, the situation makes it clear what the noun refers to.
One of the main reasons Americans use the word 'the' when they are speaking is because the noun being referred to is clearly understood. The noun could be something seen or heard in an area

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.369577
Retrieved Text: MENDOCINO Co., 1/19/19 — Around 250 people gathered today in Ukiah for the third annual Women's March, with another march in Fort Bragg, today, in coordination with events taking place around the country. At Alex Thomas Plaza marchers stood under the pavilion to hear speakers talk about everything from family detention policies to access to health care to the importance of electing women to local government.
A number of speakers also addressed the Murdered and Missing Indigenous Women's (MMIW) movement, and many attendees wore red to honor the missing women. Speakers including Bernadette Smith, whose sister Nicole Smith was killed in November, 2017. Smith and others called for justice for indigenous women, speaking about Nicole Smith and Khadijah Britton, a Native woman from Covelo who has been missing for almost a year. Supporters of Britton's family also brought banners with Britton's face to marches in Santa Rosa, San Francisco, and Reno, NV as part of a number of MMIW groups participating in the events.
And here is a full video, about 1:30 hours, of the event including all the speakers. Speakers included: Bernadette Smith, Pricilla Hunter, Polly Girvin, members of the Britton Family, Jackie Orozco, Judy Shook, Mo Mulheren, Madge Strong, Debbie Ramirez, Katrina Bartolomie, along with many singers.
Women's March in Ukiah happening now — the video begins with some speakers, including family members of missing Covelo woman Khadijah Britton, and speakers talking about immigration, voting rights, #mmiw, elections and local women in government, domestic violence, health care, and more, plus musical performances!
Thanks so much for this documentation.
What

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.353607
Retrieved Text: Having a levitating sound system is definitely the coolest thing ever. If you are a fan of late hour devices, then forget about getting the last smart phone or a new tablet – levitating speakers are the real deal. The magnetic technology they are built on is an excellent idea to create the illusion of levitation: both the part lying on a plane surface and the one resting in the air have an integrated magnet and this makes the floating possible. What is more, this gadget is also extremely versatile and it can be connected via a performing Bluetooth system to any mobile device: laptop, tablet, smart phone etc. furthermore, it is battery powered, so in case you are planning to leave the house for a short trip and listen to music in the meanwhile, they are an excellent option.
If you have ever seen such a gadget, then you know what we are talking about. Not only do they float – which is incredibly cool, but the speakers have also been created keeping in mind the future demands of their target audience. The form varies from one manufacturer to another, but one thing is for sure: no matter what you choose, you will get a very beautiful, neat and modern device. Levitating speakers are shiny, fashionable and smooth. Place them on the desk or any other piece of furniture, and no one will even guess that the beautiful decoration is in reality such a performing gadget.
Although you may think this last characteristic makes then too good

================



======= Instance Index 24 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

F: When will the concert finish?

M: Well...it starts at six thirty, and will lasts three hours.

Question: When will the concert finish? 

- Six thirty.

- Nine thirty.

- Seven thirty.

Target Text: Nine thirty.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.759071
Retrieved Text: Sunday evening, the winter Ones To Watch tour came through Cleveland. Headlining the show were acts, Vinyl Theatre and Finish Ticket with supporting act, Cemetery Sun.
Sacramento-based band, Cemetery Sun, opened the show with an energetic, power-packed set. They had the crowd bouncing and participating from the first song. The highlight of their set was the performance of their single “Wish It Was Love,” with its great hooks and appealing vocals. Their track “Anxiety” was also quite enjoyable. Keep an eye out for their upcoming record and be sure to check out their recent music videos on their site below.
Finish Ticket was up next with their dynamic lighting and driving percussion. About halfway through the set, they played an energetic cover of “When You Were Young” by the Killers. The highlight of their set was the performance of their track “Pockets,” which is about the band reaching beyond San Francisco. Their set concluded with “Bring The Rain.” Be sure to check out their 2015 EP, When Night Becomes Day.
Vinyl Theatre also announced that they are currently working on a new record. They then shared a new track featuring Keegan’s crisp vocals and a fresh hook. You can learn a little more about the band from our 2014 interview with drummer Nick here. Be sure to keep an eye out for the upcoming record!
More of Sophie’s photos can be found in our gallery.
This entry was posted in Concert Reviews, Uncategorized and tagged 2016, alternative, cemetery sun, Cemetery Sun Cleveland, Cemetery Sun concert, Cemetery Sun concert review, cleveland, cleveland

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.656593
Retrieved Text: SENECA FALLS—Dundee’s 95 students in the band program won the Class C Championship at the Seneca Falls Pageant of Bands, this past Friday and Saturday, May 18 and 19.
This is the third consecutive year Dundee took the class crown. The high school concert and jazz bands both took first place. The marching band, floor guard, drumline, and junior high concert bands won second place.
Teacher Patrick Dunham said the high school concert band scored the most points, even beating all the bands in Classes A and B. Dunham called it his proudest moment. However, he added that winning is not the most important thing; it’s that the students enjoy performing.
Another part of the competition Dunham said he likes is when the junior high marching bands finish their first parade. He said the students go in not liking it until they finish the parade.
“They can’t wait for the next one,” said Dunham.
The community will have more chances to see the bands perform. Dundee will be part of the Memorial Day parade on Monday, starting at 10 a.m. The students will then compete in the annual Gorham Pageant of Bands, June 1 and 2.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.032763
Retrieved Text: There is a big concert in the forest today and all the animals are invited here to sing, dance and have fun together. Create a nice picture of this concert by painting this cool image with the right colors. Be an artist and pick up the perfect combinations to create an artistic and funny picture. When you finish your work, you will be able to see the animals singing and dancing! Enjoy!
Use the mouse to control the painting brush. Click on a color to pick it up, then click on the image to paint.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.58193
Retrieved Text: Time is flying! Saturday, I stopped making models to drive my mom to Portland for an Andrea Buchelli concert. My sister had purchased tickets to take her and my dad. However, my dad wasn’t feeling well and didn’t Come… so I got the ticket. I might have extended kindness by driving the freeways of Portland when my sister and my mom don’t like that, but I got to spend time with them and to see a cool concert. After the concert, my sister drove 5 hours home and my mom drove 3 hours home. I didn’t get home until 1 in the morning, but they didn’t get to their homes until well past 3 in the morning! It’s ok. It was worth it.
On Sunday I didn’t finish my models because I served in church, fed people, played with grandkids and had 2 serious yet productive chats with family. I went to bed far too late. Morning has come early!
Today is the first day of my summer job. I will admit, I am not excited about that. It’s a stressful job. There will be no real breaks because there is something happening on weekends too. Today my act of kindness will be to smile… even when I am annoyed.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.52016
Retrieved Text: Jaynation Music Flagship Act, Beambo Taylor Debuts With “Funwon finish”. The creatively crafted single, herald her launch into the ever competitive Nigerian market but it’s sure a tune that the label is banking on to give her due recognition.
“Funwon finish”, exhibits Beambo's prowess as a lyricist. Rendered in her mother tongue of Yoruba language and sweetly blended with the English language, the song will surely delight all listeners.
Beambo Taylor has been able to exhibit her rhyming skills at top-notch shows such as Dammy Krane's Amin Concert, The Itesiwaju Eko Concert and the just concluded Street Concert by Reminisce to mention a few. Her energy and attitude on stage is second to none.
The multi-talented 22 year old rapper hails from Ijebu Ode, Ogun State and was born in Lagos. A Diploma graduate of Mass Communication from the prestigious Moshood Abiola Polytechnic (MAPOLY), Abeokuta. Beambo speaks English and Yoruba fluently and she raps smoothly in Yoruba.
“Funwon finish” was produced by Seanzbeat, mixed and mastered by Marqai mix. Download, Listen and Enjoy!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.382738
Retrieved Text: Once again I lead the residential course for talented young musicians from all round Cheshire. This year we have my friend visiting from Denmark as our guest soloist. Viola star Marius Ungureanu. He will be performing some of his own compositions as well as some Bartok. More details when I get them.
The course will finish as always with a concert at Sandbach School.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.282162
Retrieved Text: These events may be the first time some children will have visited a theatre to hear a live orchestra, giving them an intense and inspiring new musical experience. Concerts include free resources for teachers and a free workshop, led by WNO in your schools teaching children simple operatic repertoire they can sing with the orchestra on the day of the show. All schools booking this concert will be contacted with details of this workshop.
This is a fun and informal concert, the ideal way to learn about classical music, sing with the orchestra and see what goes into creating an opera.
To book your free school group tickets for the concert please call the box office on 02380 711811.
This concert is ONLY available to school group bookings.
This concert will start at 1.30pm and finish at approximately 2.30pm.
Discounts are not available. This is a free concert for school groups only.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.066109
Retrieved Text: I'm a 40 year old guy. When I was in the 6th Grade I wanted to be a fiddler like my Grandfather. We were lucky in that we had just moved to a city that was large enough to have and orchestra class. I begged my dear Mother to get me a violin. I was in Orchestra for 2 years and enjoyed it, and was doing ok with it. Then bad things happened and we had to sell everything we had and move. No more classes. I kept that cheap beginner violin with me through thick and thin and finally about 5 years ago I had it stored in a house that I had to leave vacant for a while while I worked out of state, and wouldn't you know it, someone got in there and stole it.
So I'm looking to buy an instrument. I don't want to spend thousands, as I've injured my arm - broke my left elbow and it's hard to twist it and I'm not even sure I'll be able to play anymore. That being said I don't want to pay hundreds and hundreds of dollars, but I absolutely don't want a cheap, crummy toy one either. I'm thinking my budget would support something in the 350-375 range. And then after I played a while (if I can...) Then maybe down the line if I got any good I could maybe buy a professional instrument. I guess, like everyone else, I'm looking for the absolute best I can get in this range.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.055182
Retrieved Text: When you are joining hundreds and thousands of other people to a concert, why not be different, outstanding and noticeable? Instead of just going to the concert, make a night of the event and party it up out on the town with your significant other or with your friends. Concerts have a wide variety of genres, class, styles and presentations. Each concert can define the people that attend, and the people that attend can also define the concert. If you want to define a concert instead of being defined by attending it, then consider a concert limousine rental that will kick up the party a notch, and give you a reason to party it up all night long.
With a limousine service from Toronto Airport Limousines, you can get a vehicle that can take you and all of your friends from your homes to the concert hall or and on to anywhere else you want to go. Our drivers are professionally trained and elegantly dressed to match your venue and ensure you present yourself in style. We believe in dedicated services, and as such, our driver will wait for your concert to finish, and will be ready to pick up your party immediately after the concert from the front door of the theatre hall. From there, we will take you anywhere you need to go.
In addition to the service and the elegances of our drives and vehicles, our vehicles are fully equipped with wet bars, drinks and refreshments that can become part of your enjoyment for the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.041782
Retrieved Text: Moku Ukuleles’ new Choice Series Ukes, set to debut at Summer NAMM, offer the superior tone and craftsmanship of a higher-priced uke at an affordable price. all Moku Ukuleles are de-signed in San Francisco and manufactured overseas by a team of skilled luthiers. choice series mahogany laminate models (matte finish) are available in soprano, concert, tenor, and tenor cutaway styles with pickup. these high-value entry-level moku ukes promise superior tone to other ukuleles of the same price. laminate models are set up with Aquila strings, rose-wood fingerboard, and precision tuners.
Spruce top models (gloss finish) have solid spruce tops with rosewood back and sides. so- prano, concert, and tenor sizes are available. these ukes offer outstanding sound, great projection, and the beautiful look of maple binding and abalone rosette. concert and tenor models feature an arched back design. solid mahogany models (matte finish) are available in soprano, concert, and tenor sizes. These Moku Ukuleles are all solid with maple binding and an abalone rosette. the concert and tenor models have arched backs and a sweet mahogany tone. all models are set up with aquila strings, rosewood fingerboard, and precision tuners.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.040216
Retrieved Text: Rehearsals in full swing for the Celebration Concert for the Queen’s 90th birthday.
2. Friday 6th May 7.30pm at Wood Street Church Southam CV47 1PP Choir to wear White 3/4 sleeve shirts, black trousers, scarf will be provided, (audience and choir flags if you have one).
Social evening on Wednesday 17th Feb – Meal 6.30 for 7pm at The Bell Ladbroke, meals have been pre-booked and paid for.
Choir rehearsals recommence Wed 24th February 7.30pm at Southam Primary school until Wednesday 16th March when we finish for Easter returning on Wednesday 6th April 7.30pm.
Friday 30th September 7.30pm Concert with RNA Whitnash Community Centre in aid of Friends of Heathcote Hospital.
NB: COR World choir event in Cardiff has been postponed until next year as far as we know.
January 2017 We enter our 7th year!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.025381
Retrieved Text: Cordoba’s best-selling 15SM offers the perfect point of entry for those looking to pick up the ukulele. This handmade soprano ukulele features mahogany top, back, and sides, giving this small bodied ukulele a full, rich sound. Appointments like the 15SM’s abalone rosette and cream ABS body and fingerboard binding set this ukulele apart from other models in its price range. Additional features include a sleek satin finish, silver tuners with pearl buttons, and premium Aquila strings. Beginners and professionals alike will appreciate the 15SM’s good looks and easy playability. The 15SM is also available in concert (15CM) and tenor (15TM) sizes. It is also available in concert size with an edge burst finish and pickup (15CM-E EB).

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.014875
Retrieved Text: The Thetford and District Branch of the Royal Air Forces Association will be holding its annual Battle of Britain “Wings” Band Concert on Saturday 27th September 2014. This will be part of the annual “Wings Appeal”, which this year commemorates the seventy-fourth Anniversary of the Battle of Britain.
The music will be by the Taverham Band, conducted by Mr. Ian Coleman.
Originally, the Committee put the admission price at £10.00 but after further deliberation decided that this ‘Wings’ Concert would be offered at £7.00 per person, value for money being foremost in their minds.
Doors will be open from 18.30hrs.(6.30pm.) and the Concert will start at 19.30hrs (7.30pm.) and will finish at approximately 22.00hrs (10.00pm). There will be a ‘super’ Raffle during the interval.
Tickets will also be on sale at the RAFA Stall, Thetford Market Place, on 20th September (Wings Day).
Arrangements can be made to collect Pre-paid tickets at the door, on the night of the Concert.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.952433
Retrieved Text: Congratulations to SHS Tennis team for a great weekend at the Houston Challenger. William on his finalist finish, and Haru, Luke, Deacon, Monica and Asher who all had solid performances this weekend at their USTA Tournaments.
Our SHS Choir will have their Winter Concert in the Auditorium at 7PM on Tuesday December 4.
Our SHS Orchestra will have their Winter Concert in the Auditorium at 7PM this Thursday, December 6.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.883567
Retrieved Text: The Lanikai LFM-C concert ukulele from the Flamed Maple series has a gentle tone that floats in the air.
It's an exceptional ukulele that features a solid spruce top and book-matched flamed maple back and sides. The gloss maple neck combined with rosewood fingerboard and bridge create a balance of hardwoods to deliver a tone that captures the attention of all those near. Die-cast tuning machines ensure long hours of stress-free playing.
The concert ukulele offers deeper tone than the traditional soprano uke, with deeper projection in a slightly larger-bodied instrument. Ready for the stage, the sound is ideal for melodic finger movements or rhythmic strumming, and the size lets you take it wherever you feel inspired to play. The flamed maple back and sides offer tremendous beauty and a soft, but pronounced tone, that sounds big and bold when paired with a solid spruce top. The LFM-C concert uke's 15" scale provides smooth, comfortable access all along the concert ukulele's 19 frets. The rugged maple neck adds strength to the instrument's construction, while the rosewood bridge and fingerboard complement each note's sustain and decay.
Dressed with a natural gloss finish and featuring chrome die-cast tuners and chrome hardware, this Lanikai ukulele is a model of easy playability. An included instruction booklet written by renowned instructor Mary Lou Dempler will get you playing in a matter of minutes. If you've never played ukulele before, get ready for a world of fun. The ukulele is an addicting instrument that can and will be taken everywhere.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.874805
Retrieved Text: Before you purchase your ukulele, you need to realize that there actually four types of ukulele – soprano, concert, tenor, and baritone. The soprano tends to be the most popular and the smallest.
The concert is louder and deeper when compared to its sibling the soprano. But, picking the right concert ukulele is not an easy task. It requires you to do some research, but we are here to break it down for you.
The first need you need to know about the Lanika concert ukulele is that it is super affordable. But this does not mean that they have compromised on quality. It is one of the best concert ukuleles for beginners. Besides the ukulele, you get an attractive gig bag to carry your instrument in. The Lanika is made from Nato on the top and the sides while the fretboard is made from rosewood. Due to the sharpness of the frets, you will need to file them before making some songs. The strings are Aquila, and this makes for a wonderful experience when you compare the price you are getting it for.
Cordoba are known for producing some outstanding ukuleles of all types. This concert ukulele is made from mahogany which makes it very durable and adds to its elegance. The is also an abalone detail that has been used to make the ukulele more attractive. The mahogany wood has been used on the top, back, and sides and this contributes to amazing sounds. The Cordoba is handcrafted and this contributes to its beautiful looks. When it

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.8688965
Retrieved Text: On Sunday there is a fantastic sounding fantasy concert music in London’s Cadogan Hall. The concert is titled ‘Mythical Trips to Romantic Lands’ and before we even knew what was on the programme for the evening, we wanted to go!
The concert is an evening of piano music brought to you by Idil Biret. Idil Biret is visiting London to perform, and will play music from the world’s greatest romantic composers; Schumann and Rachmaninov. Five pieces of music will be played in total and they will transport you into a fantasy land. The evening will begin with three pieces from Schumann. The first of these is his ‘Theme and Variations on the name ‘Abegg’’. Next is his ‘8 Fantasiestucke’ and the final Schumann piece of the evening is his fiendish ‘Toccata in C’. Schumann will be followed by Rachmaninov. The first piece of Rachmaninov to be played is his ‘Variatins on a theme of Corelli’. To finish off the concert will be ‘Excerpts from 6 Moments musicaux’.
If you want to transport yourself or your friends at family to fantasy lands at home, then you can! There are many fantasias written for piano for all abilities. If this isn’t quite your style then perhaps have a go at some film music or a video game score.
When playing any kind of fantasy music, you might like to experiment with different piano sounds and voices. This can be very easily done on a digital piano with just the touch of a button. If you would like to invest in a

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.844006
Retrieved Text: If there is one good thing about fall's slow approach in Dallas, it's that you can almost always count on the weather to still be fabulous for outdoor events in November. The Dallas Bike Ride is November 4, and the reward for attending is the Methodist Dallas Finish Festival, a super-cool concert that runs in tandem with the ride.
Here are seven things to know about the event.
1. There are no cars on the road.
The Dallas Bike Ride is the city’s only closed-course route, so you can pedal without worrying about traffic for a blissful 20 miles.
2. Anyone aged 3 and older is welcome.
The ride is a fun, recreational outing for bikers of all ages, so bring the whole family. Riders up to the age of 15 are $30, and riders aged 16 and older are $50. Bonus: Riders aged 3-7 are free.
3. You walk away with swag.
All registrants who are 7 and up receive a free branded water bottle with registration, and if you’re feeling fancy and sign up as a VIP, you’ll also receive a half-zip pullover and lunch after the ride. Sponsors and partners at the Methodist Dallas Finish Festival will also be giving away swag, such as the 1,000 yoga mats that Methodist will be doling out to eager yogis.
4. The ride supports a cause.
Dallas Bike Ride partners with Incarnation House and BikeTexas. Incarnation House provides safe and educational after-school programming to at-risk high schoolers, and BikeTexas advocates to make cycling safer and more accessible for Texans.
5. Get a Zen cool-down.
Methodist Health System

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.795209
Retrieved Text: Randy Houser plays dozens of dates every year, but when he rolls into Mississippi next month for a show at the Neshoba County Coliseum, he and his band will be putting something extra special into their performance.
That night, they won’t just be playing for the fans — they’ll be playing a benefit for Thomas Carson, the band director whose guidance helped inspire Houser to finish school, head to Nashville, and start his career.
Houser’s benefit concert for Thomas Carson will take place November 12 in Philadelphia, Mississippi. For more information, visit Houser’s official site.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.7419615
Retrieved Text: Use promo code PRESALE to unlock the savings today!
Even more great deals! Buy early, seats are limited.
Jason Alexander: The Broadway Boy and Handel’s Messiah concerts are also on sale!
» Browse all of the available concerts* and save when you buy today. Remember to use promo code PRESALE to unlock the savings.
Plus, when you buy tickets during the sale period, you’ll only be charged a flat $7 order fee instead of the $3 per-ticket fee—saving you even more!
Music Director Xian Zhang will lead the NJSO in Dvořák’s “New World” Symphony during the 2018 Winter Festival.
For detailed information about each concert and to hear music clips of the program,visit the sale concert calendar.
Click the “buy” button next to your concert date and enter the promotion codePRESALE before selecting your seats. Don’t wait—once the discounted seats have been sold, any additional seats in that section will be sold at full price.
Review your order, select a delivery method and add your order to the cart. Finish the transaction by checking out, where you’ll be prompted to create or log into your account and enter payment information.
Forward this offer to your friends!
This offer is only available online and is only available starting 12:01 am on October 21 and ending 11:59 pm October 27, 2017. This offer may not be combined with any other offers or discounts and is not retroactive. Seating is subject to availability and may be limited for some performances. Seating at these discounted prices is limited for some performances. If there are no discounted seats available, the regular

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.729993
Retrieved Text: Gorge Community Music is proud to be the exclusive retailer of Ho'okipa Ukuleles.
These "Hawai'ian style" ukes are our very own, solid koa and mango wood instruments. They come in standard 15" concert, long-neck (16" scale) concert, super-concert (with a slightly wider and thinner body and long neck), and the standard tenor with 17" scale length. The finish is exclusively Tru-oil, made primarily for gunstocks. Made to protect wood out in the elements, it is less damaging to the environment and the woodworker, and produces a light, renewable finish. Come in and play them! Beautiful wood. Beautiful tone. Legacy instruments!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.72721
Retrieved Text: The St. Joseph Municipal Band concerts scheduled for Sunday, September 3, at the John E. N. Howard Band Shell present their 12th set of double concerts of the season at 3:30 and 7:30 p.m..
Dr. Moely indicated the concert will feature the songs of Bette Midler performed by the duo “Star and Charlie,” the music of “Sherry K,” performing amazing music on her synthesizer, and a guest director, Alan Mitchell, Director of Bands at Andrews University.
Guest Conductor Alan Mitchell will direct the band in “Mannin Veen “Dear Isle of Man, .” by Haydn Wood, followed by “Early Light,” by Carolyn Brener. ALAN MITCHELL is an Assistant Professor of Music at Andrews University. His teaching responsibilities include the Wind Symphony and music education courses for the Bachelor’s and M. M. in Music Education degrees. His performance organizations have performed throughout the United States, Canada, and Europe. Mr. Mitchell has also served as clinician, guest conductor, and adjudicator throughout the United Sates. Prior to coming to Andrews University, he taught at Auburn Adventist Academy, Washington; Platte Valley Academy, Nebraska; John North High school, California; and in the Fountain Valley Elementary school District, California. Mr. Mitchell holds both a B.A. and M.A. degrees in music from California State University at Along Beach. He is currently pursuing an D.M.A. degree in Wind Conducting/Music Education at the University of Cincinnati College Conservatory of Music. His major conducting professors were Eugene Corcoran and Malloy Thompson. He has received additional conducing studies from Michael Haithcook, Ron Johnson, John Whitwell, and Allan McMurray. He has

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.6911745
Retrieved Text: Pearl's Philharmonic Series African Mahogany Concert Bass Drum shells offer a warmer and darker sound than maple and birch. There is an increase in low en response while middle and high end frequencies are perfectly balanced - making PBA drums the ultimate concert performance instrument.Philharmonic Concert Bass drums offer unprecedented bass response. The 6 ply African Mahogany shells provide a natural resonance unlike any other shell material. The highly responsive shells have a low rich frequency response that is ideal for use in the Philharmonic concert bass drum. Tuning is fast and easy with Pearl’s exclusive Silent Tensioning Lug System. Each oversized t-handle lug and claw is insulated at every contact point with itself and the shell to assure that there is no rattle possible from the drum. 8mm thick tuning rods have coarse threads so that quick adjustments can be made to adjust for temperature and humidity in the hall.100% maple hoops provide superior durability and even tuning. Each bass drum has 2 acoustically located air vents to allow the drum to breath for superior response and projection. These bass drums come with Remo NuSkyn Heads and are available in Matte Walnut Lacquer finish.
Philharmonic Series Bass Drums feature a beautiful, hand stained matte Walnut finish, and are available in 28”x14”, 23”x16”, 36”x16” and 36”x18” sizes.
Symphonic Series Concert Bass Drums offer the professonal player the famed voice of a shell constructed from 6 plies of 100% aged Maple. Maple has long been a favourite shell material due to its warm, well balanced tonal qualities, excellent projection

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.660207
Retrieved Text: 2019 Janesville Dulcimer Club Jam at Voigt Music Center, 34 S Main, Janesville, WI from 6-8PM, May 31, 2019. Leaders are Rick Thum, Erin Mae and Wendy Songe. This portion is free and open to the public.
The workshop and concert is Sat, June 1, 2019 from 8:30 AM–6:15PM; at Rock Prairie Presbyterian Church, 8605 E Cty Road A, Janesville, WI. Erin Mae and Wendy Songe will teach 3 mountain dulcimer workshops each. Rick Thum will also teach 3 hammer dulcimer workshops and Tom Garrett will teach a drop thumb banjo class, a jaw harp class and a mandolin class (these classes are done by ear).
We will have a pot luck lunch followed by an opportunity for open mic and or jamming. There is a chance drawing at 4 and the concert is from 4:45-6:15. The concert is included with registration, otherwise an $8 donation is suggested.
Contact: Nancy Garrett 608-752-6514 or kyuk_04@yahoo.com for questions. Registration forms are on the web site www.SouthernWisconsinDulcimerClub.com. Save $5 with early registration, by May 18.
After we finish with the concert, many of us will have dinner and attend another concert at Cafe Carpe, 18 S Water Street West, Fort Atkinson, WI. Rick Thum is in charge of the concert and Erin Mae will join him. Wendy Songe will also appear during the event. Cafe Carpe's phone number is 920-563-9391 and they would like a call if you plan on eating there. There is a concert fee if you go for the concert (either $12 or $15).

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.652881
Retrieved Text: All-mahogany body with tone bar bracing for sweet, mellow tone.
Fender's concert-style Ukulele Mino'Aka takes its name from the Hawaiian word for "smile". That's exactly what you'll do when you play it, and that's exactly what other people will do when they hear you playing it.
Features include an all-mahogany body with tone bar bracing for sweet, mellow tone; three-piece mahogany neck with 19-fret rosewood fingerboard; aged body and fingerboard binding; attractive acrylic abalone rosette; Telecaster headstock with Fender gold screen logo, vintage-style chrome tuners, smooth natural satin finish and Aquila strings.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.558803
Retrieved Text: We have a special team that is made especially for concerts and shows. Familiarity and skills should be present so that a concert or show will go as smooth as possible. Lights should be set up. The stage should be designed. Food for artists should be prepared. And all the equipment from suppliers should function based on the client’s needs. We can do all of these to ensure that the concert is successful from start to finish.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.515875
Retrieved Text: Today in 1968, filming began for the Rolling Stones movie “Rock and Roll Circus,” featuring, in addition to the group, John Lennon and Yoko Ono, The Who, Eric Clapton and Jethro Tull, plus clowns and acrobats.
Today in 1972, James Brown was arrested for trying to incite a riot at a concert in Tennessee. After Brown threatened to sue the city for $1 million, the charges were dropped.
Today in 1973, Kiss guitarist Ace Frehley got the Keith Richards Defiance of Death Award when he was knocked unconscious after touching a short-circuited light during a concert in Florida. Frehley was carried from the stage, but returned 10 minutes later to finish the concert.
Continuing our theme of Music Concert Mayhem: Today in 1998, a bottle thrown from the crowd hit Black Crowes singer Chris Robinson at their concert in Tucson, Ariz. While trying to eject a man from the crowd, a security guard was stabbed.
Today in 2001, actor David Soul won a lawsuit against London theater critic Matthew Wright. Wright had written a review critical of Soul’s performance at, he said, a performance on a Monday. The play wasn’t performed on Mondays, which meant Wright had criticized Soul’s performance without actually seeing it.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.512902
Retrieved Text: Today, Kensington Palace finally confirmed that Prince Harry has asked Prince William to be his best man when he marries Meghan Markle on May 19—not that we were worried or anything. Let's take a look at some of their best brotherly moments.
Princes William and Harry strike a pose at the piano with mom Princess Diana in 1985.
Prince Harry takes some tentative steps with the help of his big brother.
The princes all dressed up in uniform for Harry's first day of school in 1987.
In Canada with their mom in 1991.
Harry sneaks a comment to his older, and taller, brother Will at the VJ Day parade in London in 1995.
Harry and Wills can't contain themselves during a concert at Buckingham Palace to celebrate the Queen's Golden Jubilee year in 2002.
Harry and Wills on Prince Charles's wedding day to Camilla Parker Bowles in 2005.
Prince Harry, Prince William and Kate cheer for England during a rugby match in 2007.
William and Harry enjoy Rod Stewart's performance at the Concert for Diana at Wembley Stadium in 2007.
Prince Harry teases his bro with a python during a trip to Botswana in 2010.
Harry was William's best man on his wedding day and Wills will return the favour when Harry marries Meghan.
Twinning during the Diamond Jubilee Concert in 2012 at Buckingham Palace.
The princes enter the wizarding world of Harry Potter alongside Kate at Warner Bros. Studios in 2013.
Harry and Will and the fam on the Queen's 89th birthday celebration in 2015.
Nerding out during a tour of the Star Wars movie sets in 2016.
The princes race

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.441471
Retrieved Text: Andy Panda is giving a piano concert of Frederic Chopin’s music when Woody Woodpecker comes on stage and polishes the piano. Intrigued with Andy’s flawless technique, Woody joins in, and they finish the piece as a duet. Encouraged by the enthusiastic reception from the barnyard audience, Woody pulls out his own piano, spits on his hands, and lets go with Chopin’s “Fantaisie.” A few disturbances in the audience, such as a sleeping chicken falling off its perch, or a sneezing dog, or a noisy candy wrapper, have no effect on the pianists. But when a drunken horse sets fire to the place, things begin to happen fast. During the terrific fire sequence, flames keep beat to the music. The pianos are ruined, but the concert is finished without losing a note.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.372169
Retrieved Text: LAS VEGAS – Rock ‘n’ Roll Las Vegas Marathon & ½ Marathon today announced that the Goo Goo Dolls will headline the pre-race concert. The band will perform for more than 30,000 runners on Sunday, November 12 at 3:00 p.m., prior to the marathon and half marathon start.
The Goo Goo Dolls reached superstardom in 1997 when they released “Iris” for motion picture City of Angels. The song topped the Billboard charts at number one for four weeks and was nominated for a Grammy Award. Following the success of “Iris,” the band released triple-platinum album, Dizzy Up the Girl, which included “Iris” as well as, “Slide,” “Black Balloon,” “Broadway” and “Dizzy.” The Goo Goo Dolls have also released hits, “Here Is Gone,” “Sympathy” and “Big Machine” and have sold 12 million albums around the world.
The Goo Goo Dolls concert highlights an electrifying weekend of rocking and running as participants span across all eight lanes of Las Vegas Boulevard, shutting down the Las Vegas Strip in extraordinary fashion. Runners of all levels are invited to light up the Las Vegas Strip at night, experiencing the famed boulevard from a unique point of view.
The race returns the weekend of November 11 – 12 and is one of the only private events to exclusively shut down the Las Vegas Strip at night. Race highlights include all the must-see Vegas sights such as the iconic ‘Welcome to Las Vegas’ sign, the Fountains of Bellagio, and the finish line at the foot of the Mirage volcano.
Race weekend begins on Saturday night with

================



======= Instance Index 25 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: Hello, Jean!

W: Mike Carstairs! My favorite customer. You haven't been in for ages.

M: No, I haven't. That's right.

W: How are you?

M: I'm fine. I heard you weren't well.

W: Well, I was away for a couple of weeks. But I'm fine now. Ah! You were going to the States, weren't you?

M: I planned to go there, but I didn't.

W: Oh, didn't you?

M: What I have been doing is reorganizing the whole department non-stop since I saw you. And this is the first time I've been in here since Christmas.

W: Well, it's good to see you. Are you ready to order?

Question: What does the woman do? 

- She is a waitress.

- She is a teacher.

- She is a secretary.

Target Text: She is a waitress.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.829346
Retrieved Text: 2. Where do the Old Man and Old Woman live?
3. Which of the following does the Old Man say his occupation is?
4. Who is the first guest?
5. What is interesting about the Orator?
6. The theatrical movement that Ionesco spearheaded was which of the following?
7. What shape is the stage of The Chairs?
8. Who do the Old Man and Old Woman pay their respects to before committing suicide?
9. What does the audience do after the Orator leaves?
10. With whom was the Old Man once in love?
11. What does the Old Woman often ask the Old Man to imitate?
12. What does the Old Woman do after the room is filled?
13. Who is invited to the message?
14. In what city does the Old Man's story take place?
15. What famous play by Samuel Beckett came out in the same year as The Chairs?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.641834
Retrieved Text: - How do you know when a woman's about to say something smart?
- Why do female parachutists wear tampons?
- Why do women have legs?
- What is the difference between a pregnant woman and a light bulb?
- What is that white stuff you find in the bottom of girls undies?
- You know why there is a string on a tampon?
- How can you tell if you are at a bulemic bachelor party?
- Do you know why they call it the wonder bra?
- What is the ideal age to get married?
- Did you hear about tempura house?
- What does a woman of 40 have between her breasts that a woman of 20 does not?
- What has a woman got in common with a box of kentucky fried chicken?
- What does a girl with bulimia call two fingers?
- Why do women get pms?
- Why do they call it pms?
- Why are girls like pianos?
- Why is psycho- analysis so much easier for men rather than women?
- What do you call a truckload of vibrators?
- How is a woman like an airplane?
- How is a woman like a road?
- Why did god invent alcohol?
- Have you heard about the new line of tampax with bells and tinsel?
- What do you get if you put your hand down an pyschic pants?
- What is the difference between women and men?
- How are women like elevators?
- Why did the avon lady walk funny?
- What is the difference between a blonde and a brunette?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.950501
Retrieved Text: Today's Christian Woman – What Does it Mean to Be a Christian Woman?
Divorce and Remarriage – What does the Bible Say?
Start a Christian Women's Group – You can do it!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.894993
Retrieved Text: A lot of people have said and even suggested that if you are in a relationship and your guy doesn't spend or lavish money on you,then you are not really loved. Hmmm,this is now one of the romantic topics that have made headlines in relationships. Well,a relationship blogger and Psychologist,whose name is Joro Olumofin has a different opinion. In his open letter to single men still searching,he says : Don't start spending money or splashing money on any girl you want to marry''. Do you agree with Mr. Joro? Is that how to be in a relationship?
Come to think of it: A man says he wants to marry a woman and he definitely has to prove that he is capable,and able to keep his woman in good condition right?. How will this suitor prove his claims if he listens to Joro and does not spend money on his woman? Hmm,Mr.Joro,is this is how to be in a right relationship sir??
Okay,let's take another direction: A young man sees a lady and he likes her the way she is,except that she likes money and men who are really want to spend on her. Yes, he doesn't really have the money to spend on the woman and he doesn't want to lose her either. What he next chooses to do is to go borrow money and begin to splash it on her for the woman to accept him. What do you think? Will this young man really keep the woman at home after marriage when she discovers that her

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.830687
Retrieved Text: 10. How often can sisters visit family/friends? How long?
11. Does any form of fraternal correction exist in the community?
12. Is there Daily Mass? If not, why?
13. Are there communion services held? How often? If the regular priest chaplain is unavailable does the community try to contact another priest to offer Mass or do sisters travel to a nearby parish?
14. Is the Sacrament of Confession frequently available? How often?
15. How many religious sisters are in the community? Postulants? Novices? Temporary Professed? Final Professed?
16. What is the average age of religious sisters? How many young women are in formation? Where do those in formation live? With professed sisters? Formation house?
17. When did the "youngest" member of the community enter?
18. Have any women left the community recently? How many?
19. Can women in formation have home visits? How long?
20. Can women in formation get visitors at the convent? How often?
21. How does your community feel about promoting vocations to the priesthood? How important?
22. What is your community doing to help promote vocations to the priesthood?
23. Is your community open to accepting someone with dietary restrictions?
24. Does your community accept women who are on medication?
25. Has a psychological exam always been a requirement to enter the community?
26. Are members of your community permitted to have a spiritual director?
27. How does the community practice the vow of poverty?
28. How does the community practice common sharing of property?
29. Is the community Diocesan or Pontifical?
30. How many meals does the community have together?
31. Do sisters take turns preparing meals?
32. Is there a cook?
32. Do

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.807524
Retrieved Text: "Dear woman, why do you involve me?" Jesus replied. "My time has not yet come."
"How does that concern you and me?" Jesus asked. "My time has not yet come."
Jesus said, "Is that any of our business, Mother--yours or mine? This isn't my time. Don't push me."
Jesus said to her, Woman, this is not your business; my time is still to come.
And Jesus said to her, "Woman, what concern is that to you and to me? My hour has not yet come."
Jesus said to her, "Woman, what does your concern have to do with Me? My hour has not yet come."

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.714845
Retrieved Text: Each group should choose a recorder who will read aloud the assigned section and record the group's responses to the questions outlined below.
1.	Have someone in the group read the poem aloud. As the poem is being read, note both the narrative of the poem and the language used to describe the woman getting dressed. What is the relationship between the speaker and the woman?
2.	Look at the words (adjectives, verbs, nouns) of the poem. What words stand out? How do these words relate to each other? What image of the woman do these words suggest?
3.	To whom is the poem addressed? What is the speaker's attitude towards the woman? How does the title contribute to the poem? How do the poem's form (such as the break between stanzas) and (perhaps more importantly) the speaker's rhetorical strategy shape our view of the woman?
4.	Given your responses to the previous questions, how would you characterize the poem's tone? Choose 3-5 words or phrases which best illustrate your answer to present your reading to the class.
1.	Have someone in the group read the poem aloud. As the poem is being read, note both the narrative of the poem and the language used to describe the London morning scene. What scenes are presented? Are there any similarities between the scenes? Differences?
2.	Look at the words (adjectives, verbs, nouns) of the poem. (Note: "Betty" was an all-purpose name for a maid; "Moll" was a lewd or promiscuous woman of a low social class, a harlot). What words stand out? How do these words relate to each

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.6563015
Retrieved Text: 1. Is Nancy 33 years old?
3. Is she Nigel’s wife?
4. Whose wife is she?
5. Who does she live with?
7. Is she from Nebraska?
8. Where is she from?
9. Is Kansas far from Nebraska?
10. Is it near Nebraska?
11. Is it north or south of Nebraska?
12. Is Nancy a school teacher?
13. What does she do?
15. What does she teach?
16. Does she teach interior design in the evenings?
17. When does she teach it?
I8. Does she teach it at a university?
19. Where does she teach it?
20. Is the technical school in the center of Lincoln?
22. How many days a week does she teach?
23. What time does she start her classes?
24. What time does she finish?
25. Does she have three classes?
26. How many classes does she have?
27. Are there 20 students in each class?
2S. How many students are there in each class?
29. Does she have lunch near the technical school?
30. Where does she have lunch?
31. Does she stay at home after lunch?
32. Where does she go after lunch?
33. Does she stay at the bank all afternoon?
34. Does she spend an hour there every day?
35. How much time does she spend at the bank?
36. Does she spend this time with her husband?
37. Who does she spend the time with?
38. What is this woman responsible for?
39. Does Nancy help this woman?
40. What kind of plans does she look at?
41. Does she give recommendations?
42. What kind of recommendations does she give?
43. Does she receive а nice salary for this help?
44. How much money does she receive?
45. Does she help the woman because she’s bored?
46. Why

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.631799
Retrieved Text: 2. What are the two speakers mainly talking about?
A. What they do while traveling.
B. When they do their homework.
C. How they spend their spare time.
3. What is the probable relationship between the two speakers?
4. What happens to Mr Jordan?
A. He is ill. B. He is out of work. C. He is on holiday.
A. She wants to go on watching TV.
B. She wants the man to turn the TV off.
C. She does not mind what the man will do.
6. What is the conversation mainly about?
A. Ordering a radio. B. Having the radio fixed.
C. Looking for a radio repair shop.
7. What does the woman expect the man to do?
A. Repair her radio. B. Listen to her radio.
C. Buy a new radio for her.
8. What does the man prefer to do?
A. Watch games outside. B. Watch TV at home.
C. Play ball games with his friends.
9. What does the woman want the man to do?
A. Do some physical exercise.
B. Watch ball games on TV at home.
C. Play a football game with his friends.
10. What are the two speakers mainly talking about?
A. A chemistry test. B. William Carlos Williams.
11. What does the woman want the man to do?
A. To choose a topic for her report.
B. To help her do better in her report.
C. To prepare her report on the poet.
12. When will the two speakers probably meet?
A. At about 2:00 pm. B. At about 4:00 pm.
C. At about 7:00 pm.
A. At the party. B. At the library. C. At Professor Blake’s.
14. What is the probable relationship between the two speakers?
A. Fellow

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.529833
Retrieved Text: Ghost Stories - 4.7.19 from Brooklife Church on Vimeo.
We’ve learned so much about our spirituality over the last couple of weeks. But I want to wrap up with what it truly means to be spiritual. What is it like to live spiritually? And what’s the big deal if I don’t?
What does it mean to you to worship something? What does it mean to you to be truth? When it comes to our interactions with God, what does it mean to worship God? To be truth with God?
Please read the story of the Woman at the Well from John 4:1-26. What jumps out at you from this story? If you were this woman, how would you have reacted to Jesus? How would you have handled it when Jesus told you to go and get your husband? Why do you think Jesus brought this part of the woman’s life up?
Many times when we talk about truth, we talk about the right content or information. Jesus was pushing for the woman to understand a deeper truth, her condition and her need for God in her life. How does Jesus mentioning “eternal life” reinforce that concept?
What is spirituality? According to Jesus, to truly relate to God correctly we must worship in spirit and truth. What does that mean? What will life be like if we only understand the truth but do not lean into our connection with God? What will life be like if we both embrace truth and our need for connection with God? What can you do to

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.444747
Retrieved Text: 1.What time is it now?
2.What does the woman think of the weather?
4.What is the woman’s opinion about the course?
5. What does the woman want the man to do ?
A. Speak louder. B. Apologize to her. C. Turn off the radio.
6. How long did Michael stay in China?
A. Five days. B. One week. C.Two weeks.
7. Where did Michael go last year?
A. Russia. B. Norway. C. India.
8.Whet food does Sally like?
9.What are the speakers going to do?
A.Cook dinner. B.Go shopping. C.Order dishes.
11.When is the report due ?
12.What does George suggest Stephanie do with the report?
14.What kind of apartment do the speakers prefer?
15.How much rent should one pay for the one-bedroom apartment?
16.Where is the apartment the speakers would like to see?
A.On Lake Street B.On Market C.On South Street.
17.What percentage of the world’s tea exports go to Britain?
18.Why do tea taster taste tea with milk?
A.Most British people drink tea that way.
B.Tea tastes much better with milk.
C.Tea with milk is healthy.
19.Who suggests a price for each tea?
20.What is the speaker talking about?
A.The life of tea tasters.
C.The London Tea Trade Centre.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.437952
Retrieved Text: A virtuous woman is nothing like what you see in the world today. You can marry a beautiful woman, but beauty doesn’t make a virtuous woman.
If she is lazy, nagging, and lacks discernment, then she is not a virtuous woman and you should be careful with making a woman such as this your spouse.
Men are going after women for the wrong reasons. Why go after a woman who doesn’t even know how to do simple things that women are supposed to know how to do?
Just to be fair there are also men who are lazy, harsh, and selfish who don’t know how to do things that men are supposed to know how to do. God loves His daughter and men like this are not ready to marry His daughter.
Make sure you are not attracted to a girl for sensuality because that is what it’s all about for most marriages in America. Christians do not want this, look what happened to Solomon.
A big factor for the divorce rate being so high is because it is hard to find a virtuous woman. Beware of evil women! Many so-called Christian women are not true godly women. You can’t put a price on a virtuous woman, she’s a true blessing from the Lord.
Her husband and kids praise her. The world mocks biblical women, but a true godly woman is honored. One of the reasons kids are becoming more rebellious is because they don’t have a biblical mother who guides the home so they go to daycare. Virtuous women are beautiful,

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.330574
Retrieved Text: I saw many profiles on Tinder, male and female. I definitely say that it’s the wrong pictures that cause no matches on Tinder or no messages. All because you have created a bad image of yourself in the eyes of a woman.
No matches on Tinder! What is the reason?
What does this picture say about me?
What information does he provide about me?
If a picture does not say anything about you, it does not make sense to throw it in. A woman does not know you, she does not know anything about you. When reviewing a few of your photos, he must decide if he wants to devote his time and get to know you more on a date.
Many guys put on a simple selfie in a T-shirt.
If you have to take pictures yourself, it means that you are strange and you do not have any friends. A woman may even be afraid that you will do something to her.
An attractive guy does not take photos of himself (or rather does not upload them to the internet) only friends make him on a common exit, party, etc.
You have to be really packed and handsome guy to look masculine in a T-shirt. It’s not like that in most guys. The guys in the T-shirt look childish. A woman does not want a boy but a man. I want to feel feminine with him and brag to him in front of my friends. 20 years old in T-shirt definitely does not meet her assumptions.
And all you need to do is

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.322412
Retrieved Text: And, behold, there met him a woman with the attire of an harlot, and subtil of heart (Pro. 7:10).
According to the reading, this woman had the attire of a harlot, which was gaudy and flaunting to set off her beauty so that she might trap the unwary, void of understanding (Prov. 7:7). Perhaps she was painted like Jezebel or she may even have gone with her shoulders and bosom bare—showing “just the right amount of cleavage” for appeal. She does not seem to be a common harlot; because she was, according to her own testimony, a married woman, and kept house (Pro. 7:19). Whether her claims were true or false, they were calculated to prevent any suspicion that her lovers were cohabiting with a common harlot. Either way we see she was subtle of heart. In stark contrast, purity of heart will show itself in modesty which becomes women professing godliness; however, this woman had no semblance of purity (1 Tim. 2:10).
Common harlots were seen sitting in some open place with a covering over the faces, or having a veil of a peculiar kind on the face and head—probably to conceal their identities. The veil appears to be accepted evidence of such women (Gen. 38:14-19). No doubt, in Solomon’s time, they had other distinctions. In all other countries, and in all times, the apparel they wore testified against them. Like the Sodomites, they declared their sin and did not hide it.
Even today, we know that merchants use display to sell. If we pass by a public

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.238667
Retrieved Text: What colour does guys prefer on girls?
My hair colour is a dirty blonde i guess but i want to change it, what hair colour do you you guys think looks good on girls?
What Do You Think Of Billie Eilish's Style? Are Designer Clothes Worth It? Denim bikinis, Yes or No? Gentlemen, Ladies, Do you think a woman can look elegant in a shorts suit? Guys, what style of dress do you prefer for your ideal woman? And Girls, which do you prefer to wear?
I like black haired girls with pale skin... but damn red heads look fantastic too!
Personally I like light blonde and jet black. However, I think you should stick with the hair color you've got now. In my experience, people always look the best with their natural hair color.
There is no universal preferred color. Men like different things amoungst themselves. Like girls do.
Just pick a color YOU like.
it depends on you. but i think red or brunette is cool.
Den naturliga hårfärg, annars föredrar jag naturliga rödhårig.
One that looks natural, not stupid colors like pink or purple.
A Celebration of Hair 20 Qualities of a "Real" Woman Borderline personality disorder: Males beware 6 Tips For Starting Journalists Modern day feminists - now ask why?
Home > Fashion & Beauty > What colour does guys prefer on girls?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.234828
Retrieved Text: Directions: In this section，you will hear six conversations between two speakers. For each conversation, there are several questions and each question is followed by three choices marked A, B and C. Listen carefully and then choose the best answer for each question.
A. Wednesday.          B. Thursday. C. Friday.
1.      What will the woman do first?
A. Take a shower.    B. Go camping. C. Set up a time.
2. When will the man probably call the woman?
A. Thursday. B. Friday. C. Sunday.
3.      What is the man going to do?
A, Have a coffee break. B. See a doctor. C. Buy a pet.
4.      What happened to the man?
A. He fell ill.      B. He lost his dog. C. He slept badly.
5.      What is the woman?
A. A bus driver.         B. A waitress. C. A tour guide.
6.      What does the man want to get?
A. Some gifts. B. A menu. C. A bus schedule.
7.      What did the man do yesterday?
A. He saw a movie. B. He watched TV.
C. He visited some friends.
8.      What time will the speakers probably meet this Saturday evening?
A. At 6:30.        B. At 7:00.        C. At 7:30.
9.      Which of the following will the man buy?
A. Some drinks.        B. A birthday cake. G. Concert tickets.
10. What is the woman doing now?
A.     She is serving a customer.
B.     She is conducting an interview.
C.     She is doing some recording.
11 .When does the man go to the nursing home?
A. Tuesdays.    B. Thursdays. C. Sundays.
12.   Where will the man probably be working next Monday?
A.     At the airport nearby.
C.     At the store downtown.
13.   Why does the woman call the man?
A.     The oven doesn’t work.
B.     The

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.208965
Retrieved Text: How well do you remember 'Pretty Woman'? Take this quiz and find out!
'Pretty Woman' movie quiz celebrates the beloved romantic comedy's 25th anniversary.
What is the name of the famous hotel from the movie?
Characters Vivian Ward and Edward Lewis stayed at the luxurious Regent Beverly Wilshire in Los Angeles. More than 25 years later, the hotel is still celebrating the film, offering three "Pretty Woman" luxury packages for fans with extremely deep pockets.
Arnon Milchan, the Israeli producer behind such films as "Gone Girl" and "The Revenant," optioned the script for "Pretty Woman" for only $2,500. He also changed the original ending, from one where Gere leaves Roberts to the existing happier conclusion.
What instrument does Edward Lewis play?
American actor Richard Gere, who played Edward, was actually the one tickling the ivories during the piano scene. A trained pianist, he also composed the tune that's heard in the film.
What song does Vivian sing in the bathtub?
Vivian, played by American actress Julia Roberts, belts out Prince's 1986 hit single "Kiss" while listening to a walkman in the bathtub. Unbeknownst to her, Edward is watching her nearby with great amusement. "Don't you just love Prince?" she says with embarrassment after being discovered.
What amount of payment do Edward and Vivian agree to?
American screenwriter J.F. Lawton's original title for the film was "Three Thousand," after the amount agreed upon by Edward and Vivian. It was later changed to "Pretty Woman" after the Roy Orbison song used in the soundtrack.
What opera does Edward take Vivian to see?
"La traviata," which means "The Fallen Woman," is

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.203676
Retrieved Text: IS SOCIAL GENDER DIFFERENCE A LIE?
HOW AND HOW MUCH DOES CRIMINAL LAW PROTECT THE WOMAN AGAINST VIOLENCE?
THE BODY OF WOMAN: IS IT A SUBJECT OF CRIME?
WHAT DOES WORLD FAMILY DO AGAINST VIOLENCE AND DISCRIMINATION?
Protecting the Civil and Human Rights of Women in the U.S.: The Activities of the American Civil Liberties Union over the last 30 years”.
PANEL: VIOLENCE: CAN IT BE NORMALISED? CAN IT BE EXCUSED?
Can There Be Any Excuse for Violence Against Woman?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.177119
Retrieved Text: A Quick Guide to Pearl Know-How.
Pearls, pearls and more pearls. Pearls are a lady’s best friend, and as famously said by Coco Chanel, “a woman needs ropes and ropes of pearls.” But the catch is, what type of pearls does a woman need? Do you know your pearls? What pearls do you like? Find out here, in this article.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.174689
Retrieved Text: Many believe the world to be black and white with an answer of “yes” or “no” to every question. In this type of world, life is safe. There are cookie cutter houses on every block with white picket fences and beautifully grown flowers bordering every wrap-around porch. In this type of world, morals are not compromised and life is easier to understand.
Unfortunately, life is not this simple. Life has hues of bright lime green and baby blue. It has crimson and naranja orange, and sometimes even polka dots and zig-zags. Just as complicated as life is, humans are as well. Just as complicated as humans are, women are.
The first step in trying to “understand” what a woman is for dating or marriage reasons, is simply understanding that a woman does not fit inside an imaginary box with a list of everything that makes her a “woman”. Understanding that every woman has a past, a culture, experiences and beliefs that have helped shape her to be the woman she is, will help you understand that every woman has fine-tuned details to them individually that will always make them a tad bit different compared to every other woman.
Understanding that every woman is different than the next simply because life works this way, will help you understand that you will most likely encounter many woman that do not fit inside your box of what a woman should be. It is totally fine to not accept these women as dateable, as long as you understand this does not make them

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.052383
Retrieved Text: On the Internet you can find many articles that tell you have to do so many things to get a man to commit. But how many of those articles are factual? Remember, men like to keep it simple. In order for a man to want to commit to you, he needs to feel that you will simplify his life, while adding to his happiness.
In other words, keep the drama to a minimum. Although some men may not be ready to make a full commitment to a woman within the first month or two months dating her, it does not mean they cannot fall in love and be excited to get married to the woman of their dreams.
Men have no clue how they truly feel about a woman in the long-term until they become brave enough to get to know a woman beyond her looks and the physical pleasures she can offer.
In other words, you have just as much of a shot to land your dream man than any other woman. To make yourself as attractive as possible to the man of your dreams, you need to give him the right impression about you from the start. Do not chase him.
Men want to know as they continue to give more of themselves to a woman that they can keep her happy in the long term. Until a man feels great about himself and what he can offer to a woman, he does not want her to have high expectations of him. He doesn’t want her to fall

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.047234
Retrieved Text: A mother is a mother; is a mother. I don’t care if she gives birth, adopts, fosters, or is co-parenting her boyfriend’s/ fiancé’s/ husband’s kid(s) with his kids’ mother.
Giving birth immediately makes a woman a mother, a bio mother, but not necessarily a parent. A mother, yes, this is biological destiny, a religious blessing, and simple anatomy science. This is fact. It does not matter if she is not raising her child. It does not matter if she does not play any significant role in the child’s life at all. It does not matter who she is or what she does for a living or how much money she has or what her IQ is. The fact that she gave birth is indisputable. It makes her a biological mother, but not a parent.
Adopting or fostering makes one a mother and a parent. You have a legal document that says so. You are doing the mothering, parenting and the loving. You are building a relationship and a history with your child. You are a mom.
Mom is in the term “step-mom”. Again, you are building a relationship, and a history with a child, or children, they’re your child, your children.
I am a mom as well. I didn’t give birth to any, but I am a mother, accept it.
To those many woman in my shoes or alike, that’s loving, providing for and protecting a child or children that’s not theirs, you are a mother to that child or children, regardless of their bio moms availability, relationship or opinion. In

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.039403
Retrieved Text: Did you know that there is such a thing like a professional partner during childbirth? Today at Manshuq we have it all explained - who doula is, what does she do and how can she help you.
Doula, or a childbirth assistant, is a professional who provides psychological, physical, information and practical support to a woman before, during and after childbirth.
What exactly does doula do?
help making doctor's instructions clear.
The important role of doula is providing comfortable and calm environment around woman in childbirth and helps communicating with medical personnel and family members. Doula's goal is to make everyone around comfortable.
What are the benefits of childbirth with doula?
Research shows that having doula during childbirth significantly reduces risk of unplanned cesarean section, obstretic intervention, and increases likelihood of breastfeeding and overall childbirth satisfaction in women.
What doula does not do?
Doula has basic physiology knowledge to understand the childbirth process and be able to calm woman. But it is important to understand that doula is not a medical personnel. Responsibility for childbirth and its outcome bears medical personnel. Doula cannot interfere or carry out any medical processes, can not solely conduct delivery, including checking cervical opening and baby's heartbeat.
Can someone close act as a doula?
During childbirth support from close ones (like mother, spouse or a close friend) is welcome. However, unlike an experienced doula these people generally do not have childbirth support experience, required skills and may not know what to do in certain situations.
Can you learn to be a doula?
Doulas go through special courses to prepare for childbirth and most

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.033915
Retrieved Text: Many of the earliest canonical novels including Defoe s Moll Flanders and Roxana and Richardson s Pamela and Clarissa were written by men who assumed the first person narrative voice of women What does it mean for a man to write his autobiography as if he were a woman What did early novelists have to gain from it, in a period when woman s realm was devalued and woman sMany of the earliest canonical novels including Defoe s Moll Flanders and Roxana and Richardson s Pamela and Clarissa were written by men who assumed the first person narrative voice of women What does it mean for a man to write his autobiography as if he were a woman What did early novelists have to gain from it, in a period when woman s realm was devalued and woman s voice rarely heard in public How does the male author behind the voice reveal himself to readers, and how do our glimpses of him affect our experience of the novel Kahn maintains that the answers to such questions lie in the nature of narrative transvestism her term for the device through which a male author directs the reader s interpretation by temporarily abandoning himself to a culturally defined female voice and sensibility and then reasserting his male voice.
Recent Comments "Narrative Transvestism: Rhetoric and Gender in the Eighteenth-Century English Novel"
Kahn analyzes the "transvestism" of the narrative voices in novels by Defoe and Richardson. Pretty clearly reflects its time of publication, but a well-considered and useful analysis of the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.000391
Retrieved Text: Find out if that girl who sends you messages thinks seriously of you or you’re just a game for her.
If a woman does not want you for a serious relationship, it is her own words that are said or written.
Pay attention to the characteristics of the messages that reveal that it is more game than anything else.
There are messages that generate distrust in a woman.
Here we show you a list of them and characteristics that provoke doubts about that woman.
Sometimes the messages through WhatsApp are the easy plan to lie, and it happens very often since it only shows what she wants you to know and not what it really is.
Identify if it is worthwhile to continue in the conquest or undertake the withdrawal.
If a woman only wants to get something out of you, like money or that you give her details, even when you have not gone out together and everything has been pure WhatsApp.
She can send you messages like “I really like a blouse, but the money was not enough” and many messages like these arrive in your WhatsApp mailbox.
Ask yourself if she wants you for something serious or for you to be her provider.
2. She is a liar.
If she sends you messages often and suddenly disappears for a time like three or four hours, suddenly she gives explanations not requested, with ambiguous details.
It’s a sign that she does not want to tell you where she really was.
When you ask something in particular about what she says to you, she wanders and changes the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.994005
Retrieved Text: I can hear the glass shattering!
Perhaps you read my recent Huffington Post piece re Hillary’s “glass wall.” According to recent polls taken by NBC/Wall Street Journal pollster, Peter Hart, what stands in Hillary’s way to becoming our next President is not the “glass ceiling” she has spoken of. Instead, it is what Hart describes as a “glass curtain” surrounding her. To put it plainly, according to this poll, women do not identify with her.
Re her closure: what woman does not hope for support from 'the force' for all she loves, and what woman does not understand the importance of a sense of humor in family life.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.987066
Retrieved Text: Life quote: Respect is a mirror, what you reflect is what you get back.
What does it mean to be a woman (in this day and age) and what is the most important thing to you as a woman? There are so many expectations set out for being a woman in the world today. I hate the fact that most things are expected of me just because I am a woman. I live by doing things because it feels right and not because it is what is expected of me. I guess the most important thing for me as a woman is my sexuality and how important it is for me to embrace my African roots. Two things African women are not allowed to embrace freely without judgement.
What is self-hate to you? And have you been a victim of it? Self hate is believing that you are not good enough for anyone or anything. Seeking approval in a system that does not really care much about you. Self hate is not being comfortable in your skin, wishing you looked a little more like someone other than yourself. Different situations brings out different outcomes of your personality so yes, i have victimized myself because of my self hate at some point and i have had a taste of ladies taking out their self hate on me.
Do you still have issues with self-esteem? And what helps you snap out of it? Yes I do. What has helped me is keeping my circle small. Talking to the universe about how

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.986293
Retrieved Text: Hadith no. 1570 and no. 1571 (below) are repeats. Read them here.
A woman from the tribe of Khath’am came in the year (of Hajjat-ul-wada’ of the Prophet (sallallaahu `alayhi wasallam)) and said, “O Allah’s Apostle (sallallaahu `alayhi wasallam)! My father has come under Allah’s obligation of performing Hajj but he is a very old man and cannot sit properly on his Mount. Will the obligation be fulfilled if I perform Hajj on his behalf?” The Prophet (sallallaahu `alayhi wasallam) replied in the affirmative.
Al-Fadl (radiallaahu `anhu) was riding behind the Prophet (sallallaahu `alayhi wasallam) and a woman from the tribe of Khath’am came up. Al-Fadl (radiallaahu `anhu) started looking at her and she looked at him. The Prophet (sallallaahu `alayhi wasallam) turned Al-Fadl’s face to the other side. She said, “My father has come under Allah’s obligation of performing Hajj but he is a very old man and cannot sit properly on his Mount. Shall I perform Hajj on his behalf? The Prophet (sallallaahu `alayhi wasallam) replied in the affirmative. That happened during Hajjat-ul-wada’ of the Prophet (sallallaahu `alayhi wasallam).
It is permissible to do Hajj on behalf of someone else. It is also permissible for a woman to Hajj on behalf of a man, and vice versa.
It is permissible for a man to be appointed to do Hajj on behalf of a man or a woman, and a woman on behalf of a man or a woman, according to the majority of scholars.
How to perform Hajj on another’s behalf?
If a person intends to do Hajj on behalf

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.884032
Retrieved Text: Welcome to the Jersey Shore Woman!
What Does Your Haircolor Say About You?
Do you know a local woman that Jersey Shore Woman Magazine readers would enjoy reading about?
Someone you feel has been an inspiration to others? Perhaps this woman made notable contributions to her community in Monmouth or Ocean County, overcame significant obstacles successfully or has accomplishments that have improved the lives of others.
This is your chance to let others know about her.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.861393
Retrieved Text: Home Russian brides Why Russian Women Look for Love Abroad?
You probably know that Russian ladies are very beautiful and lovely women but also they are open-hearted, tolerant and womanly. Unfortunately, we cannot say the same about Western ladies. This is one of the reasons why foreigners look for a Russian bride. But why do Russian women look for a husband abroad if they are pretty and clever, well-educated, have successful career in their country? Let’s try to understand this tendency from the point of view of a Russian woman.
Why do Russian Brides look for a love abroad?
A lot of people can firmly say that Russian woman is sitting on dating sites online because she simply wants to meet a rich foreigner and to move to his country in order not to work, simply to say that she wants an easy life. Why does not she want to marry with a man from her country? Why does she want to move, to change the place of living? She is a successful woman here, maybe she has a child or she has never been married. Only try to meet your love in your country. But there are a lot of reasons why Russian single lady wants to go abroad. She understands that the children will be born abroad and will be automatically the citizens of that country but Russian men do not think over this question.
Russian men, as a rule, do not appreciate Russian ladies. They are used to see our women beautiful and pretty, to have two

================



======= Instance Index 26 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: Hello, Jean!

W: Mike Carstairs! My favorite customer. You haven't been in for ages.

M: No, I haven't. That's right.

W: How are you?

M: I'm fine. I heard you weren't well.

W: Well, I was away for a couple of weeks. But I'm fine now. Ah! You were going to the States, weren't you?

M: I planned to go there, but I didn't.

W: Oh, didn't you?

M: What I have been doing is reorganizing the whole department non-stop since I saw you. And this is the first time I've been in here since Christmas.

W: Well, it's good to see you. Are you ready to order?

Question: Why haven't they seen each other lately? 

- He has been ill.

- He has been busy.

- He has been away.

Target Text: He has been busy.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 24.083248
Retrieved Text: Little jars of sand, to prove that You've been here.
Oh, how I long for You to speak to me again.
Lately, I haven't heard from You lately.
If you seem distant, You're not the One who moved.
although this contradicts what I say I believe.
How could I restrain the good I KNOW to do?
Lately, I haven't seen Your hand lately.
Should I be so convinced I'm not the one You need?
When I see the need, I often "turn the other cheek"
it's been my story, and I've come here to repent.
Lately, What have I offered You lately?
So there'll be room enough for You in my grasp?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 23.183018
Retrieved Text: What will I learn from the English lesson greeting someone you know?
During this English lesson you will learn how to greet someone you know. The lesson will also teach you how to to respond when someone greets you.
Hello Peter, how have you been lately?
Hi Jason, how are you?
Hi Sarah, what have you doing lately?
Simon, so good to see you, I haven't seen you in ages, how are you old friend?
Hello Dave, it's good to see you again. What brings you here?"
What a pleasent surprise. We have not seen each other for such a long time. How have you and the family?
Hi Peter, I am doing OK, It is nice to meet you again.
Hi Jason, Sarah tells me a lot about you. She has a lot of good things to say about you.
Wow; How, long has it been so we last met up? It seems ages it must be 6 months. I'm good thanks. How about you?
Same old same old. (This mean the same as always) Or you can just say 'The same as usual'.
Some more ways you can reply to someone asking 'what have you been up to'.
I have been very busy at working at the moment we have a big project, but me and the family are all great.
I'm doing well at the moment.
At the moment am on holiday as I have just finished my last exam and I'm so it is all over I need this holiday.
Do you come to this cafe often?
Hello Sarah, what movie are you going to watch?
I like to eat

########
Rank: 2
Score: 23.173187
Retrieved Text: Should Auntie Merge give up the moderator role?
Sorry but if you don't like the way it gets moderated, don't use the forum. I'm not a fan of the heavy handed approach but this isn't fair.
Fwiw I am also a moderator. I haven't done too much lately due to other commitments but have done some.
Some of the stuff posted on here lately has been out of line. Some posts needed to be edited as they were libellous, such as crude comments about Glyn's personal life.
I'm not a huge fan of stopping people having their say but it's easy when you aren't the one being told lawyers may be in touch. Policing this place is a side effort on top of having an actual job, so it simply isn't worth the hassle to carefully consider the merits of each post.
This poll is out of line imo.
This current mess is too close to her heart and I don't think she sits out as much as a moderator should. We've seen the email stuff and the blatant sucking up to Glynn Hopkins and a history of clearly disliking Thompson and all the other dramatics So unfortunately she cannot and is not neutral. That's not to say she doesn't care or want what's best. But censoring something just because you don't like it is wrong.
I’d say that’s spot on Arnu.
I'd like to think the forum is only being moderated on the basis of legality.
Yet I don't think some people seem to understand that.
Mark wrote: Fwiw I am also a moderator. I

########
Rank: 3
Score: 23.157867
Retrieved Text: Laurel packs a purse just like me, minus the duct tape and safety pins.
A painfully cute Laurel moment: I knit a small handled bag and hung it on her doorknob to find. She promptly filled it with a toy cell phone, a small stuffed dog and her change purse. When I asked her how she chose the items she put in it, she replied, "For my family."
I'm so confused. Last night I thought about you and Laurel and I started wondering why I haven't seen any posts from you. But then I see you post jut as often as always. But none of your posts ever show up on my friends list. But we are still friends.
I've hardly been posting lately! I only posted twice in the last week because someone left a comment to an older post that they hadn't heard from me lately.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.918049
Retrieved Text: I've seen studies around lately that suggest that multi-tasking is less efficient than not multi-tasking. I wonder if they consider the benefit of moving several projects forward in tandem, that there might be a benefit in everything moving forward together and at once, even if each could reach the goal faster if given individual focus.
I haven't really read any of these studies. Tried reading some with my left eye while I typed this to my right, but I just got dizzy.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 22.609774
Retrieved Text: I can't get enough of gray and yellow lately. They are so amazing together! Especially in this beautiful inspiration board from Style Me Pretty. Soon I'm going to put together my own little collection of gray and yellow, just for fun.
I didn't know you had a blog. I love it. I will put your link on my blog. I hope all is well.
Oooh, I love it! I haven't seen much gray and yellow, but I haven't been that much into the style world lately :) Next time I update my wardrobe I will have to keep that in mind. I love your blog by the way, so many fun ideas!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 22.328884
Retrieved Text: This is old news for lots of people, but I've been downloading background pictures ("wallpaper") lately from MacDesktops.com. I don't really know why the guy calls it MacDesktops, as the images should be perfectly usable on any operating system. There are a number of images of Macs and Apple-related things, but for me the landscapes and waterscapes are much more pleasant to look at. Images are in a wide variety of resolutions -- I haven't seen other sites where the images are not only in the standard 4:3 ratio but are also in widescreen resolutions like 1920x1200 and 1680x1250.
Anyway, I like the pictures and sent the guy $20, since I've used a lot of his bandwidth downloading them. Check it out.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.750063
Retrieved Text: If you're not impressed with who you are In Christ, you just haven't seen HIM lately. Many Christians talk about what they are trying to be, what they need to be, and what they are going to be. God wants you to understand who you are and what you have NOW In Christ!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.728584
Retrieved Text: Healthy Surprise is a subscription box service featuring, you guessed it. All healthy snacks. Prices per month range from $40.00 to 95.00, depending upon the number of people you expect to be sharing your box with. Shipping is free.
This is an outstanding box for the money! Healthy Surprise does what they say they will do. They introduce you to a host of healthy snacks and as many healthy snacks as we have seen lately, we haven't seen any of these.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.626356
Retrieved Text: This blog post was planned to be my February Favourites but since I haven't been doing too well and have spent a lot of time relaxing and getting better, I have been watching a lot of new TV shows and movies. So I thought instead I would share what I've been loving in the past few months with you all, this is going to be part one of two TV edition blog posts.
Eastenders | This has been one of my favourite programmes since I was a little girl. It's the only soap I watch and I love it.
Silent Witness [Season 20] | I'm was so happy this was back! I first discovered this series a few years ago and binge watched it from season one right up to the current season which was on TV as I thought it was amazing.
The Level [Season 1] | This was on just before Christmas and immediately feel in love with the programme. It ended on a big cliffhanger too so I really cannot wait for the next season.
The Missing [Season 2] | I haven't actually seen season one, but I watched season two before Christmas when it was on BBC 1 and I loved it. The twists and turns really had me questioning everything and I really loved the show.
Ghost Adventures [Season 13] | If you follow me on twitter then you know how much I adore this programme. I have done for years and it's something I really look forward to each week when it is on. Sadly,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.580002
Retrieved Text: Have you seen Mars lately? WOW!
Mars has been unusually close to Earth lately, and is spectacularly bright and red in the eastern evening sky.
I haven't been able to see it as it's been overcast and still hazy from the smoke from the fires. I wish I could though!
Maybe it's getting closer for an invasion?
@ Rooster: I hope it clears up soon... you wouldn't want to miss the Martian invasion.
@ Kninjanin: If you like looking at the night sky, take a look; Mars is really quite spectacular.
Who is the most famous ghost of a living actor/actress you have seen lately?
Have you checked your clock lately?
Have you memorized a poem lately?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.479559
Retrieved Text: I've gotten myself quite addicted to Pinterest lately. I always saw it around on other people's blogs and saw them saying how good it was and I always thought it was just all hype. I don't know why since I'd never properly looked! I thought it was all just a bunch of pictures. I didn't know you could find tutorials, recipes, printables...there's all kinds of stuff on there!! If you haven't done so already, go and check it out...seriously!
I have so many boards on there already and I thought it would be a nice idea to showcase some of the really cool stuff I've seen on there this week. Stuff that I've seen and either put onto my "Things I want to make" or my "Things I think are mint" boards.
I think the cutest thing I saw was this amigurami fairy by Mia at Petite Purls. It is seriously cute. I'm going to make one each for my girls I think!
And what about this? Omg! I nearly died when I saw this at Scout. It is toooo cute! I told Paul I wanted to do all the tables like this for the wedding but he's not convinced. I'm working on him haha.
I saw this little skirt at Bandy Canyon. I have sooo much ribbon it's ridiculous haha. I'm definitely going to be making a couple of these. I love how a few strips of ribbon have really prettied this skirt up!
Also at Bandy Canyon, I saw this lush little bracelet, made out of an i-cord and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.390581
Retrieved Text: Tarpon season 2019 is finally here!!!
The tarpon are pouring in. There are tarpon in the sound, along the beaches and up in the harbor.
Lately with the windy weather the last couple days, I have been fishing smaller resident tarpon way back in the rivers and canals with light tackle.
April-August is the peak season in the Boca Grande/Charlotte Harbor area. I still have a few openings in May and June.
If you haven't seen our video collaboration with Humminbird/Minn Kota watch it here!!!
People wonder why Jenni and I don't swim on our beautiful beaches.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.379086
Retrieved Text: Expat Life with Chickenruby: Wow, you've lost soooo much weight.
Wow, you've lost soooo much weight.
I've lost the number of times people say this to me, especially when they haven't seen me for a few weeks. Do people have a mental image of me being fat? How do they describe me? 'you know the chubby one that needs to lose weight?
A woman at school said to me today I'd lost so much weight that it really suited me. I told her straight, I haven't lost any weight, But she was adamant that I had, that I had been so much bigger last time she saw me. She was right, I was wrong....No other explanation.
I'm 5ft 7in and weigh 11 stone, yep quite heavy and you'd think I'd need to lose weight, but not really.
I do prefer to wear baggy clothes, loose fitting, especially in this heat, but that doesn't mean I'm covering up my fat.
I wear a size 10-12 on the lower half and a 14-16 on the top half.
So I decided to take some pictures of my fatness so I can take comparative shots next time I'm told I've lost weight.
Front and side images clothed, as appears naturally and as appears when I readjust the waist band on my jeans...i.e.pull them up.
I bought these jeans from Fat Face in November 2010 in a size 10.
I'm glad someone else has a bigger top half than bottom half and it's not just me!
I shall look out for updated pictures and give you my opinion as to weight loss.
Go

########
Rank: 14
Score: 21.328741
Retrieved Text: Anyone heard from NOFISHTODAY , lately ???
Thread: Anyone heard from NOFISHTODAY , lately ???
I haven't seen him around, he doesn't have any auctions up, and isn't answering emails.
Anyone heard from him last couple weeks?
Great SNE experience with Nofishtoday!!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 21.29709
Retrieved Text: I've admitted to being in a bit of a "funk" lately but even so, we've been busy around here. With the babies' one year birthday fast approaching, I've been doing a lot of reflecting but on top of that, those little boogers have become B-U-S-Y! Two of them are standing and pulling up on everything! I caught one of them standing with his head in the toy box yesterday. The other two have begun crawling so I have four, very mobile, very active babies. Finally, I had to break down and turn the room where we had all of their swings and baby equipment into a full-fledged playroom.
**Disclosure - This post is real. It is honest. In no way do I mean to come across negative or ungrateful. I love my babies, my husband and my family but sometimes, this is hard!
I haven't blogged in a long time. Why? Because I haven't felt like it. My husband will vouch that I've been in a terrible funk. In all honesty, I haven't felt like much. I've spent most of December and now January not feeling right. Let me be clear, I am SO thankful for my babies and the constant blessing in my life but lately, I feel alone. I know I'm not alone. I know God is always there and I have so many people to support me when they can but I've been struggling.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 21.19387
Retrieved Text: When you have tons of Shimmer polishes to swatch, it's not surprising that some will look alike. Manon compared 3 of them to show you the differences and similarities!
A year ago I ordered some stamping polishes from Mundo De Uñas - everyone was crazy about them! I must admit with all the controversy about the ingredients not being published and the fact they have such a strong smell, I haven't bought any besides the ones I got last year. They do show up remarkably well though over a dark base!
Hypnotic Polish is a webshop based in The Netherlands that sells many great (indie) brands - I've been so happy to have something local! The first Glam Polish exclusive was Unforgettable Dream and dreamy it sure is!
More Mundo De Uñas stamping! Isn't this soft minty green the cutest? I love the color!
When Summer comes around everyone goes crazy for neons - I must admit I'm not that big of a fan, but these topper sure add a fun pop of color to a basic color.
The Dance Legend! those toppers were so popular at one stage, the coloured cartoon-y ones, I haven't seen many around lately. Can't get over how identical the first polishes are!
I can see why :D. Yeah I love it, and she has a great assortment as well.
Funny how quickly trends pass right? And yeah, they are SO similar!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 21.149172
Retrieved Text: I won't be the first person to point out that Apple has announced their best March quarter ever while Microsoft nearly simultaneously announced their first drop in profits for 23 years. It's the "I'm a PC," moment that Microsoft PR is going to be hard-pressed to spin positively. I blame Microsoft's end-user products which have been kicked in the teeth. Does anyone have a Zune? Yeah, XBox is growing, but Wii and PS3 still own the market in the U.S. and overseas, XBox is barely a competitor.
Update: A friend pointed out in the comments that I'm all wrong about the PS3! I mis-read my source info. In fact the XBox outsells the PS3 in the U.S. (the opposite being true in Japan, and I don't have numbers for other countries).
PS3 owns nothing but a bucket to collect all of the tears as it weeps "why, why won't anyone buy me?".
seriously, though, the ps3's numbers continue to be abysmal, at least in the US...haven't seen overseas numbers for it lately.
Thanks for the correction, David. Updated article.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 21.028828
Retrieved Text: You might have already seen these making the design and advertising circles lately, but this project is definitely worth sharing in case you haven't seen it yet. "Work Wankers" is an example of great-concept-meets-great-execution by Peter Cortez and Joe Sayaman, who together take form as Mizaplas, based out of New York City. If you're in the industry or have ever worked a creative or design gig before, you're sure to relate to at least a few of these. While some can be almost cruel in description, they're often not too far from the truth, and the fact that each one of these profiles can hit each persona spot-on probably is the reason why this gem has been spreading like wildfire. Posters will be available sometime in the future, so check their website for updates.
Excellent creativity delivered in this blog. This kind of creative agency would definitely market your business.
I appreciated the whole post.buy the way now are buy online posters on affordfable price.
Start following our signals right now & profit up to 270% a day.
Visit this affiliate directory to find the ultimate list of affiliate networks.
Thanks for sharing images... nice post..
Very Helpful Information, Thanks for sharing this post.
Thank You very much for your informational blog I was looking for a blog just like yours, I'll pay attention to the points at my projects. Hope will get more knowledge from you in future.
hi, this is very much impressive and very creative, thanks for sharing such an amazing post with us, thank you!!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.957375
Retrieved Text: Before we begin anything, if you haven't seen this moment (or these) of Kourtney Kardashian from Keeping Up With The Kardashians, watch now. It's pretty obvious at this point that Kourtney is one of the funnier ones, but instead of pitting the sisters against each other (because, let's face it, Khloé wins in the humor category), we're here today to celebrate their style. And the tiniest Kardashian has been killing it on the sidewalks lately — in fact, when is she not — so it's about time something was said.
Unlike her sisters, Kourtney is down to try anything. No matter the silhouette, color, print, cut, or more, nothing is off-limits. And that's what we love — someone who isn't intimidated by trends and really goes for it (even if they'll never wear it again). Ahead, watch Kourtney's style evolve right before your eyes. Just try to keep up (get it?).

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.94101
Retrieved Text: Have you seen their photoshoot for Hamburger Mag ? A three story concept - very well done. cool !
Just watched it again - just to make sure that I hadn't eaten too much - ( there's has been a BL drought lately). It's still good - still funny and well directed. There's no wasted space in filming - everything you see has a purpose like I also like seeing the new Singto ( haven't seen him play a character like this ). He and Ohm play well. Looking forward to this series with and without subs...they act for understanding.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.870464
Retrieved Text: Are breeders still tattooing their puppies, or are they exclusively using microchips?
I still see a few tattoos in USA and Europe usually in combination with a M.C. Russians are still using tattoos.
Yeah. I've always tattooed my litters and lately, I just haven't seen too many with them anymore.
UK scheme is just about hanging in there, though everyone now has to chip as well.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.82033
Retrieved Text: I haven't been around a lot but I see some familiar names.. I actually had to make a new account as I lost my old login but this is the same basic name.. I think I joined early 2012. It's been tough going lately for me on surveys.. I got frozen off GTM for going over 600 a few years ago and not sending in the tax form.. my only other good panel OO is just not worth the time most days anymore... did get a $6.50 survey 2 weeks ago for 15 minutes which shocked me though.. sure miss the old Surveyhead from when I first joined.. Darwin's Data dropped off the map and haven't heard from them in about 2 years now. Not sure what other panels are even worth mentioning. I'll probably go back to grinding daily on Tellwut for the guaranteed payout.
Horses is still around now and then, but I haven't seen her being too active. I know she had quite a bit of being busy least year. Good luck with Tellwut, I am only getting 65 points per day lately.
One Opinion or Opinion Outpost?If you aren't with One Opinion I would give them a shot .As for 57 horses I remember reading that her mother is very ill and she is taking care of her so she is unable to come here as much as she would like.I think last year was hard on her with her own health.I mean you could type her name on the top and see what

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.807022
Retrieved Text: Hello...Am I the only one?
Hello curlmunity! I was browsing the forums and need tips for my hair. I was hesitant to join for one simple fact....I'm a guy, and haven't seen any other males here on the boards. I'm just really looking for tips to help maintain my hair and maybe keep the frizziness away. Also maybe find some new ways/tips to style my hair. Lately my hair has had frizz on a regular basis. I'm not sure if it's the weather or the product I've been using. I've even been wearing my beanies a lot lately because I'm getting tired of the frizz. Hopefully the community can help me. I'll post pics when I get home.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.747099
Retrieved Text: Have any of you seen these type tee's in stores?
I want a solid dark color though.
A top that's meant to just fall off on one shoulder would be fine too.
You can try Express? I shop at this Asian website where they have tons of One shoulder top or off shoulder top, but I'm not sure if you would like the style.
Everywere. I think they are coming back this year or something, because all of the stores I go to have them now. I saw some in Charlotte Russe the last I remember. I bet they are in other stores as well. Maybe they will bring out more as spring and summer arrive.
Oh yeah, Charlotte Russe, Wet Seal or Forever21 have them...That is if you don't mind the quality.
And they are one more thing I should have saved from the 70's.
I bought a few at Old Navy a few years ago...... haven't seen them in the stores lately.
I just saw them at Barneys New York in Scottsdale.
I went searching at the mall for them the other day and I couldn't find them anywhere other than Express- they didn't have a big selection of ones either.
They did tell me that they are expecting more in though.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.655283
Retrieved Text: I was thinking about Face Off today. I haven't seen that in ages. Has anyone on here watched it lately?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.591038
Retrieved Text: Ulthuan • View topic - Burlok Is Dead!
Post subject: Burlok Is Dead!
Now that Burlok is dead are The Silver Talons going to reform on a different server or are they dead as well?
Post subject: Re: Burlok Is Dead!
I really don't know. Are people still interested in having an u.net guild? I haven't seen many from Silver Talons online lately. I'm currently the prince of the guild on Burlok, and I can move the guild to another server, but you guys have to tell me if you're interested. Because if you are I'll buy a new 60 day time card (my last one ran out a few days ago, but I was wondering if there's any reason to renew the subscription) and move it to whatever other server we decide.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.546103
Retrieved Text: Where I've been and what I've been doing, AKA why I haven't been posting.
First of all, I've started my new college at the Rochester Institute of Technology majoring in Information Security and Forensics so I've been busy starting classes, moving in, and a bunch of other stuff.
I've been trying to find time to update my posts, and I apologize that I haven't gotten much if any content out lately. I should be updating my BASH scripting tutorial with more information on BASH, as well as some awesome Perl scripting stuff, so check that out in the next couple of weeks.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.508919
Retrieved Text: Happy birthday! How is your build going? Haven't seen any updates lately.
Happy Birthday Tore! ! !
Happy birthday Tore, now bring on the cakes and dancing girls.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.494524
Retrieved Text: I have a problem with a client's setup. He wants to use a USB HDD for backing up his data, from 4 computers, networked peer to peer.
Ideally he would like to plug the HDD into his computer (easy access to power points etc) and then initiate a backup sequentially from the other 3 computers. To allow this to happen the USB HDD must be shared. So far no problem, it works.
However, when he turns off his computer and then turns it on again the sharing permissions are lost for the USB HDD. Apart from his computer, the other 3 can't find the path, because the USB HDD isn't shared anymore.
My question is "Is there any way that a removable USB device can be permanently shared?"
does it keep the share?
Look to see if IPC$ is running, if not shares will not stay.
Also, is this an admin share? If so, the systems that I have looked at after SP2 have ADMIN$ disabled. It has this exact effect.
Is the drive ever removed before shutdown?
Thanks for your suggestion. I'm sorry that I haven't replied sooner, but have been run off my feet lately.
I haven't tried it yet, but will shortly.
Another option, one that would allow the other computers to access the drive when any computer is off, is to use a USB switch.
I know that I have seen them for a pair of computers to share USB devices. No reason why there should not be a multi-port version.
The USB switch works like a hub except it allows you to connect

================



======= Instance Index 27 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Has Tom moved to the downtown?

M: No. He is still living in the country.

Question: Where does Tom live? 

- In the city.

- In the countryside.

- In the downtown.

Target Text: In the countryside.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.599201
Retrieved Text: Nicole Kidman has opened up for the first time about why her two older children have chosen to live with ex Tom Cruise and not her and hubby Keith Urban.
“They live with Tom, which was their choice. I’d love them to live with us, but what can you do?” she told Hello! magazine.
Nicole adopted Isabella, now 18 and Connor, now 15, with Tom but they have lived with Tom consistently since their divorce in 2001. Nicole hasn’t been seen in public with her kids since 2007 when she was filming Australia and they came to holiday with her on set.
She admits that having daughter Sunday Rose has made her cope without having her older children live with her.
Nicole has been in Sydney with Keith and Sunday Rose for several weeks, appearing on Oprah’s live Australian shows and yesterday secretly popping into the Sydney Children’s Hospital where she spent two hours chatting with children and parents, something she does every year.
And why did she and Keith chose the name Sunday? “When we were both alone, before we met each other, Sunday was the day we dreaded most, because when you don’t have someone in your life Sundays can be really lonely.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.074734
Retrieved Text: Tom and Millie are best friends who live in a quiet lane on the edge of town. They rely on each other to make sense of what's going on in their lives and in the lives of their families - especially Harry Mac's.
Harry Mac, Tom's dad, is a man of silences and secrets. And now Tom is involved in one of those secrets.
At school, Tom sits through lessons on the arms race and President Kennedy, waiting until he can be back on the lane where life is far more interesting: why does a black car drive slowly up the lane every night? And what did Harry Mac mean when he wrote in his newspaper 'people disappear in the night'? A series of shocking events and discoveries lead Tom closer to the truth, but threaten to tear his world apart.
Set within a fascinating period of South African politics, this is a coming-of-age story full of heart, soul and hope, in the tradition of Jasper Jones and To Kill a Mockingbird.
Russell Eldridge is South African by birth and lives in Byron Bay. Harry Mac is his debut novel.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.025126
Retrieved Text: Tom Robinson presents a mixtape of his personal selection of tracks from BBC Introducing.
Tom meets pub rock legend Graham Parker.
Craig compiles a 2010s Mixtape, bringing you the best funk and soul from this decade.
Craig's in Hip-Hop Heaven with Common and Run DMC, and compiles a best of 2010s Mixtape.
Common I Used To Love H.E.R.
Craig Charles provides your ultimate Saturday party playlist with fab funk and soul tunes.
Neil Oliver chats about his new book 'The Story Of The British Isles In 100 Places'.
OJ keeps you company through the night, with great music and all your texts and emails.
Travis Why Does It Always Rain On Me?
Christine & The Queens play live, including a special 'Back To Where It Began' track.
Writer and comedian Deborah Frances-White talks about her new book 'The Guilty Feminist'.
Bacao Rhythm & Steel Band P.I.M.P.
Tom's unique mix of music including a live session from Sam Eagle.
Cronin Is Lenka Still Living in Leeds?
Craig Charles chats with London funksters MF Robots in the final hour.
George Ezra pops in to relive his first BBC Introducing session in 2013.
North London rapper Coops has 300 Seconds to Mix and Luke from The Kooks is on Band Mates.
Tom chats to Gogol Bordello frontman Eugene Hutz about his life and career.
Chase and Status collaborator Moko is in session for Huw.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.931637
Retrieved Text: 26 Aug - 5 min - Uploaded by Uncle Butchies Live House Uncle Butchies Live House. Uncle Butchie and Choreographer Jamie Gant team up to create. 15 Sep - 7 min - Uploaded by Steph's Line Dancing TJ SHUFFLE DANCE/SONG: Uncle Butchie and Choreographer Jamie Gant This is the version. 18 Sep - 7 min - Uploaded by Uncle Butchies Live House Tom Joyner presents the "TJ Shuffle" instructional video. Heres the play by play of the TJ.
20 Sep - 5 min - Uploaded by Uncle Butchies Live House "Tj Shuffle" Written and Produced by Uncle Butchie Choreographed by Jamie Gant "TJ. 26 Feb - 4 min - Uploaded by linedancedr 4th Annual Animal House Line Dance Party with Wild Bill. February 22, We had lots of fun. 15 Dec - 15 min - Uploaded by Step In The Name Of Life 2 Watch the video from the Tom Joyner Family Reunion This is the line dance class taught.
13 Sep - 4 min - Uploaded by Nikki Woods The Fly Jock - Tom Joyner doing the TJ Shuffle with Fairley High School Band. 26 Aug - 5 min Get ready for the newest line dance, The TJ Shuffle! Watch, learn and teach your friends. 26 Aug Today Tom Joyner introduced the Tom Joyner Shuffle on the TJMS. Get It Fly Jock! Tom Joyner Does the TJ Shuffle with the Fairley HS Band Share . It's Catching On! The Fairley High School Band Does the TJ Shuffle (WATCH). 26 Aug - 5 min Get ready for the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.8153
Retrieved Text: Tom Taylor details Laura’s return to the place where it all began!
Laura Kinney has followed the Orphans of X to the Facility—the place where, as a child, she got tortured and programmed to be an assassin. And upon her arrival, she discovered her mother…alive.
Her mother—the woman Laura thought she accidentally killed years ago. On December 13, writer Tom Taylor and artist Juann Cabal test our hero like never before in ALL-NEW WOLVERINE #28!
We spoke with Tom about what to expect from this devastating family reunion.
Marvel.com: Catch us up on what’s been going down in the “Orphans of X” storyline so far!
Tom Taylor: Daken has been blown up, taken by the mysterious Orphans of X, and then tortured for information. His arm has been found—without the rest of him attached—dangling from a bridge on Roosevelt Island. Laura and Gabby were alerted to this arm and a note attached to it brought Laura back to the Facility, where she got tortured and turned into an assassin as a child. But Laura didn’t find Daken in this place full of painful memories, she found…her mother.
But Laura’s mother, Sarah, died at Laura’s unwilling hand years ago. Now the tortured Daken, the confused Laura, and the previously thought dead Sarah Kinney have been placed on a collision course.
Marvel.com: How does artist Juann Cabal capture the complex emotional tenor of this story?
Tom Taylor: What Juann and [colorist] Nolan Woodard did with those scenes at the Facility blew me away. You see so much going on, and Juann adds to it in beautiful

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.807228
Retrieved Text: #CodeSTEMI web series was born when Tom Bouthillet (Captain/Paramedic) and I got together to discuss how STEMI care isn't the same and where you live does determine if you live. I knew that with his passion for cardiology and my passion for cinematography and story telling we had an idea that would be able to improve patient care around the world. Through compelling storytelling we offer a view into the minds of EMS professionals on how they have accomplished amazing improvements in patient outcomes. We asked Physio-Control if they wanted to be a part of this and they too wanted to be able to tell their customer's stories!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.548492
Retrieved Text: Tom’s freakish knowledge and physical ability in the woods leaves him in a position of consistently redefining the hunting experience between guided adventures and charity events.
SARASOTA, FL, November 14, 2018 /24-7PressRelease/ — When it comes to choosing a hunting guide you typically base your decision off of the knowledge and skill they can provide to help you make your claim. Simply put, Tom Walker rises above the norm and puts on a show that you will remember the rest of your life. Tom’s freakish knowledge and physical ability in the woods leaves him in a position of consistently redefining the hunting experience.
Between backwoods performance, and mainstream television on A&E’s hit show American Hoggers – Tom Walker has proven time and again that it doesn’t matter who he’s with, or what he’s hunting – he simply gets it done with style and excitement. This holds true so much to the point that he was named one of the toughest guides on the planet according to Field & Stream along with additional mentions from Realtree, and the NRA. Of course we can’t forget his tips for bowhunting 1000-pound alligators. The question is how, and why?
It all starts in the small town of Mulliken, Michigan where Tom grew up. With a rich outdoors environment Tom was drawn to the sport of hunting from a young age, and it acted as his outlet for mental stability in a town where there wasn’t much to do for a young boy. Over the years his passion grew as did his skill-set and

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.516949
Retrieved Text: Dr. Tom Roselle Live! | Regenerative Medicine and Stem Cell Application LISTEN to Dr. Tom Roselle, DC discuss regenerative medicine and stem cell application in modern wellness care.
Influenza or Influenza-like Illness: Does It Matter?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.388739
Retrieved Text: [mythtv-users] PVR 250 sound troubles Tom E. Craddock Jr.
[mythtv-users] LABEL=/video does not exist Jason W.
[mythtv-users] Re: Archiving to DVD? Claude Gélinas agr.
[mythtv-users] Recording 24 Tom E. Craddock Jr.
[mythtv-users] mythtv svn: livetv buffers and recordings forced to	live in the same directory...mythweb recorded programs page	goes way down performancewise if you channel surf too often Tom E. Craddock Jr.
[mythtv-users] Re: [mythtv] MythTV Usability Report Tom E. Craddock Jr.
[mythtv-users] Realtime Priority; limits.conf with pam-0.78 on gentoo Tom E. Craddock Jr.
[mythtv-users] Recordings filling disk, not showing up in list Tom E. Craddock Jr.
[mythtv-users] Linux newbie strikes again... PVR-150 not outputting	to X300... obscure information.
[mythtv-users] Linux newbie strikes again... PVR-150 not	outputting to X300... obscure information.
[mythtv-users] Face lift of MythWeb (themes) Claude Gélinas agr.
[mythtv-users] Linux Newbie Strikes Again - PVR-150 Garbled TV	Output? obscure information.
[mythtv-users] Down to the final bits... change_chan.sh not working	in MythTV obscure information.
[mythtv-users] PPC and MythMusic FIX (at least for mp3s) Gregorio Gervasio, Jr.
[mythtv-users] svn stable == trunk ? Tom E. Craddock Jr.
[mythtv-users] Live TV recording as if it was a scheduled	recording Tom E. Craddock Jr.
[mythtv-users] Live TV recording as if it was a	scheduled	recording Tom E. Craddock Jr.
[mythtv-users] Setting up an FAQ for LiveTV changes Tom E. Craddock Jr.
[mythtv-users] Controlling multiple GI-2200 cable boxes via lirc obscure information.
[mythtv-users] Mythburn / transcode error Claude Gélinas agr.
[mythtv-users] Mythweb schedule recordings - possible to add a	new type "weekday"? obscure information.
[mythtv-users] Replacing MythTV remote... anyone have any	experience with RS 15-2136 (or 15-2137?) obscure information.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.366083
Retrieved Text: NFL quarterback Tom Brady is both loved and hated by millions. The suspicious activities by both him and his team have lead to cheating allegations for years, but this pales in caparison to his possible biggest character flaw.
In the Illuminati controlled world in which we live, when you reach a certain level of success similar to that of Tom Brady you are down with the program plain and simple. Either that or you are not Tom Brady of the New England Patriots married to a super model. You are one of the thousands of guys named Tom Brady in the USA watching the game at home.
As from the photos above Tom does all the standard Illuminati symbolism as does his wife model Gisele Bundchen. Even the owner of the Patriots Robert Kraft is throwing up the pyramid - no wonder they win so much.
Indeed inflate-gate is a misdemeanor in comparison to succumbing to the dark side.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.365269
Retrieved Text: When we think of stereotypically ‘British’ images, we might think of afternoon tea, the Queen, or perhaps a red bus or a black cab. However, you don’t get much more authentically British than the good old pub – they’ve been an intrinsic part of our culture and a focal point for communities for hundreds of years. Fortunately for us, Tom Kerridge is one of the many chefs who are working to ensure they don’t go anywhere anytime soon.
Marlow is particularly special for Tom as not only does he call the town his home, but it’s where three of his pubs are based too. “It’s a wonderful place. I’m lucky to live in a community that embraces everything that happens,” he says.
Despite Tom’s restaurant success in Marlow, his childhood didn’t involve much cooking: “I reheated Pot Noodles and made fish finger sandwiches,” he laughs. However, it all changed the moment he set foot in a professional kitchen at 18.
“I just fell in love with it and I’ve stayed there ever since,” he says.
He worked his way up the ladder, and then in 2005, he opened his own restaurant in Marlow, The Hand and Flowers. It quickly earned a reputation as one of the best in the country, and in 2012 it became the first ever pub to be awarded two Michelin stars.
“It’s been an amazing, wonderful journey,” Tom reflects. The menu is all about using the best seasonal ingredients, cooked simply but cooked well.
His second pub, The Coach, also opened in the heart of Marlow in 2014,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.261404
Retrieved Text: Only for vehicles with dashbord preparation (opt. 68R). It allows you to manage, through capacitive touchscreen 4.3 "color LCD, telephone, maps navigation, your favourite songs, drive info like Trip Computer data and eco. The navigation system can be operated safely through the five dedicated buttons on the steering wheel and voice commands. The new Blue & Me ™ tomtom ® 2 Live is also available with LIVE services free for 1 year. The LIVE services allow you to have real-time traffic information, safety cameras, weather conditions and also to do a tom tom local search of POI Search nearby. Does not fit on New 500 and on Mito MY16.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.258173
Retrieved Text: What does George Shelby give Uncle Tom to wear on a string around his neck before Tom is taken away?
What pseudonym does George Harris give when he enters the Kentucky Inn disguised as a Spanish man?
When Mr. Haley and Uncle Tom stop overnight, where is Tom made to sleep, insulting his dignity?
According to the sign in the Kentucky Inn, what is branded to George Harris' right hand?
Where are Eliza and Harry introduced to Rachel Halliday?

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.222685
Retrieved Text: Writings/Videos about Video Games, Books, Shows, and all other media!
I’ve had enough. Tom Nook has been given a bad rep by the gaming community, and it isn’t deserved. I will list key arguments and refute them to the best of my ability. My big balled boy needs some love.
When you first move into town in Animal Crossing, you are given a choice of where you wish to place your house. Tom Nook walks with you around town as you inspect which place would be best for you. You then erect a house, and Tom Nook charges you a mortgage for it.
In the very first Animal Crossing, Tom Nook even questions why you brought no money moving into a town that you knew prior you were going to. Your character had to have known that he needed money to live there, so why didn’t you bring any? You bring like, what, 1000 bells into this town? That’s less than what most bugs sell for in this game. It’s questionable at best.
Well, in your time of welfare, Tom Nook OFFERS you a place immediately, as long as you do some mundane chores for him. He gives you a home, and a place to sleep in when none of the other villagers would likely be willing to help you. They would see this unemployed bum move in, notice he’s a different species than him, and probably ostracize him for the rest of his stay in town.
Tom Nook does his best to accommodate you and make you feel like you

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.1267
Retrieved Text: Cassy enters to find a scared Emmeline, who thought Cassy might have been Legree. Emmeline asks Cassy if she has ever thought of or tried escape, and Emmeline vows she could make her way through the swamps. Emmeline says she does not wish to drink Legree’s brandy, as he would like, and Cassy says she ought to get used to it. Cassy says she herself now “cannot live without it.” Emmeline wishes she had never been born, and Cassy says killing oneself in these circumstance is just as cruel as the cruelty foisted upon the slaves by Legree.
This is an honest discussion of suicide among slaves. Although their spirits might be very low, suicide remains a major taboo, and tends to crop up in the novel only among mothers who have lost their children (like Cassy). Emmeline believes that suicide is un-Christian and inhuman.
Legree consumes an impressive amount of alcohol in order to drown his superstitious fears. He has a dream where the locks of hair are following him, “whispering” to him. Cassy appears in the dream, as does an image of his mother removing a veil. The next morning, Cassy recommends that a hung-over Legree not too work Tom so hard, since it would ruin Legree’s investment. Cassy repeats that Legree will not be able to break Tom.
Cassy begins the ruse that will result ultimately in her freedom. Legree cannot stand the thought of his mother, and her “appearance” to him is enough to plant a seed of doubt in his mind—a fear that will

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.070978
Retrieved Text: On the day of the trial, the twins’ only allies are Pudd’nhead and ___.
At Pudd’nhead’s place, “Tom” unravels the whole case when he unintentionally leaves a fingerprint on ___.
What does “Tom” do when the courtroom learns that he is a murderer and a black man?
When the twins leave town, where are they headed?
After “Tom” is arrested, where does Roxy spend most of her time?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.990754
Retrieved Text: You know the original track (still unreleased) from Avicii’s sets and may have a live rip sitting in your iTunes somewhere, but here we have an outstanding edit from Tom Swoon to give it a fresh sound and make it playable on large systems. Tom Swoon has a history with Avicii — whereas he has opened for him on several occasions and his tracks have been hammered out by Avicii for some time now. Tom Swoon does not mess with the magic of the original melody, simply adding his own big room flavor with driving synths layers over Avicii’s work. Do not pass up on this freebee from Tom Swoon as you head into the work week.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.977484
Retrieved Text: This set of Lesson Plans consists of approximately 199 pages of tests, essay questions, lessons, and other teaching materials.
This quiz consists of 5 multiple choice and 5 short answer questions through Book 5: Chapter 7 | Book 6: Chapter 1.
1. What character trait explains why Tom and Maggie won't take Bob's money?
2. Why does looking at the new bonnet make Mrs. Tulliver and Mrs. Pullet so sad?
(a) The bonnet is crushed in the closet and ruined.
(b) The bonnet is not fashionable any more.
(c) Mrs. Tulliver wishes that she has a similar bonnet.
(d) Mrs. Pullet speculates that she may not live to wear the bonnet in a second season.
3. How does Philip manage to get Tom excited about learning?
(a) He inspires Tom because he is so advanced in his studies.
(b) He becomes friends with Tom, who then wants to do the same things as Philip.
(c) He explains the connection between education and business to Tom.
(d) He tells him stories of heros from classical mythology.
4. Why has Philip come to see Maggie?
(a) He has a message from his father.
(b) He wants to be friends.
(c) He wants to do something to help.
(d) He brings something for her family.
5. How does Mr. Tulliver look when he goes to meet his creditors and pay them?
(a) Lacking in confidence, unsure of himself.
(b) Like his old self, strong and full of life.
(c) Sick, weakly, and feeble.
(d) Emotionally overwrought, tearful, and hesitant.
1. How does Tom come up with capital to finance his venture with Bob?
2. Why does Mr. Tulliver agree to run the mill,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.912994
Retrieved Text: Tom Natsworthy is the main character, a fifteen-year-old orphan of the Mortal Engines book and film series. He is a third class apprentice in the Guild of Historians, which frankly means he's supposed to live a boring life.
He witnesses an attempted assassination of Thaddeus Valentine by Hester Shaw which leads to his being cast off from the city of London, where he meets forges a relationship with Hester, at which point his adventure really begins.
Writer Philip Reeve says the inspiration for Tom's name came from a map "I sort of collect interesting sounding words and save them up until I need a name for a character. ‘Natsworthy’ is a place on Dartmoor, just up the road from where I live".
In the Christian Rivers directed film, Tom Natsworthy is played by Rob Sheehan and his opposite Hester Shaw is played by Hera Hilmar.
"Hey, watch out!" Tom Natsworthy's warning shout to Valentine as Hester's about to stab him.
"This weapon could wipe out the largest city in the blink of an eye!"
"Tom Natsworthy: See, I said you'd come back for me.
Hester Shaw: Shut up and run."
"Tom Natsworthy: What are they hunting?
What is 'London City' in Mortal Engines?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.8883915
Retrieved Text: I am Tom's total sense of befuddlement.
Known For Hosting every podcast ever made, and his unparalleled professionalism.
Podcasts DTNS, Cordkillers, Sword and Laser, and more!
Tom doing his daily meditating exercise on TNT.
The penalty is APP CAP!
"And now, my contractually-obligated booze."
Thomas Andrew "Tom" Merritt (born June 28, 1970 in Greenville, Illinois) is the co-host of Cordkillers and his own experimental news show Daily Tech News Show, along with Sword and Laser and the 2014 re-launch of Current Geek.
Born in Illinois, Tom's father worked on the Coffee-Mate project as a food scientist. Tom received a BS in journalism from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and pursued graduate work in communications at the University of Texas at Austin.
Tom is married to Eileen Rivera, a former producer for Revision3, TWiT, and CNET who is now at YouTube. They live in the Los Angeles, California with their dogs Jango and Sawyer. He is a fan of the St. Louis Cardinals.
Tom is 6'1" tall as of November 1, 2012.
Tom's foray into the world of radio began in 1986 as a DJ for WGEL, a country music station located in Greenville, Illinois. In 1993, Tom worked as an intern for National Public Radio's "Morning Edition". From 1999 to 2004 Tom worked for TechTV in San Francisco as an Executive Web Producer and served as a radio host with TechTV until 2003.
Tom started with CNET in 2004. He was an Executive Editor for CNET and the developer and co-host of the daily podcast Buzz Out Loud along with Jason Howell, Molly Wood, and a

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.884725
Retrieved Text: What Types of Music Does Gary Play?
Gary plays a variety of music primarily from 1960's, 70's and 80's artists. His repertoire includes soft rock, dance music and ballads. Sets are tailored to the venue and audience (dance audience vs. soft rock audience, etc.).
What Artist's Songs Does Gary Play?
Gary plays songs from great artists such as America, Beach Boys, Beatles, Bee Gees, Billy Joel, Billy Ray Cirus, Bob Dylan, Bread, Buddy Holly, Buffalo Springfield, Cascades, Chris Issack, Creedence Clearwater, Crosby, Stills & Nash, Dan Fogelberg, Darius Rucker, Dobie Grey, Don McLean, Donavan, Eagles, Elton John, Elvis Presley, Emerson, Lake & Palmer, Eric Clapton, Everly Brothers, George Harrison, Harry Chapin, Hollies, Jimmy Buffett, John Denver, Jonathan Edwards, Kansas, Monkees, Moody Blues, Neil Diamond, Neil Young, Paul Simon, Pure Prarie League, Queen, Rolling Stones, Roy Orbison, Scott McKensie, Seals & Crofts, Searchers, Shocking Blue, Simon & Garfunkel, Small Faces, Steelers Wheel, Steely Dan, Supertramp, Tom Petty, Troggs, Turtles, Van Morrison, Wilson Pickett and others.
Does Gary Play Solo or With a Band?
Gary sings and plays the guitar parts live. His state-of-the-art computer generates live vocal harmonies. Gary has created custom studio backing tracks (not karaoke) for the background music. Fill in's, instrument solos and orchestrations are played note for note minus the guitar parts that Gary plays live. The augmented studio tracks recreate the sound of a multi-piece backing band or full symphony orchestra without the need for additional musicians.
There are occasions where Gary may perform with a live band depending on the venue.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.845295
Retrieved Text: Sir Tom Jones is to play Sherwood Forest.
The legend that is Sir Tom Jones is coming to Robin Hood country.
The 76-year-old star of The Voice is to perform at Sherwood Pines as part of Forest Live, the summer concert series organised by the Forestry Commission where acts perform in woodland locations across the country.
The Welsh singing legend is famous for hits such It’s Not Unusual, Delilah and What’s New Pussycat over his career spanning more than five decades.
Sir Tom said: “I had a great time being part of the Forest Live concerts last year, so I am delighted to be coming back again and performing in more of these beautiful woodland locations.
Sir Tom is playing Sherwood Pines on Saturday, June 24.
He joins Elbow in announcing a show at Sherwood Forest.
Tickets are now on sale for the Elbow concert on Sunday, June 25.
The headline act for the third and final Forest Live 2017 gig at Sherwood Pines, on Friday, June 23, is yet to be announced.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.834413
Retrieved Text: One of the best parts of living here in Venice is where we actually live. If you draw a tight circle around St. Mark’s square and then concentric circles around that first one, the number of tourists (can’t live with ‘em, can’t live without ‘em) diminishes by half the further out you get.
What is the effect of the environment, the presentation, the “surround,” and the resulting mood these create in the experience of a work of art? In my view, it can make it or break it.
Do you need different skills to look at sculpture than you do to look at painting? Does it help for you to look at Architecture in the ways you appreciate sculpture? What can be learned from Dance in the appreciation of buildings? Can these skills be learned? If so, what is the benefit?
TELOS puts ideas on film.
Telos Productions was founded by Emmy Award-winning producer and director Tom Ball and is widely recognized for its artistically driven, expert storytelling in documentary and commercial projects.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.795113
Retrieved Text: How Hundred Eyes almost made Tom like Marco Polo, Vic Mackie’s life gets even more complicated, watch Hacking the System, it rocks.
We get a review of Sling TV from an early user, Tom reviews Vessel’s private beta and Netflix conquers the world.
We love the alternate world of Man in the High Castle. Agent Carter is awesome, Tom forgot he watched Marco Polo and Vic Mackie goes to war.
Cordkillers 54 – How Can I watch Judge Judy?
Amazon wants to make movies but hires Woody Allen to make TV shows. Daily Motion takes on TWiTCH and GoPro goes live.
This is how you get disappointment, and Mongolian Warriors and almost kill Shane from The Shield.
Internet TV arrives in Hollywood, why it’s OK NOT to cut the cord, and a full Windows PC that plugs into your TV’s HDMI port for $149.
What Tom wishes Marco Polo was really about, The Shield off the rails.
Does Dish’s Sling TV service give the Cord-cutter everything they want? And do you want Roku built into your TV?
Does The Interview have enough gut-busting laughs? Marco Polo sets the table, Rawlings tough as leather on The Shield and Tom explains Clara to Brian.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.78004
Retrieved Text: "It came down to the intangibles."
During the 2014 MIT Sloan Sports Analytics Conference in Boston, Jonathan Kraft - President of the New England Patriots - was discussing where Tom Brady (the famed quarterback who was drafted 199th overall) would be drafted today. Although he is a top-tier QB, Kraft suggested that Brady, even today, would not be a high-draft pick. Technological advancements in scouting aside, Tom Brady has something that is not easily analyzed, but is critical to leadership and performance - 'the intangibles'.
Kraft did not share what the intangibles were. But we can assume they are connected to both leadership and performance practices. Brady has a vision. He is driven to realize that vision on the playing field, in the locker-room, and when out of the stadium. He knows ultimately what he is working for and is dedicated - compelled - to live out that vision. He does so by building synergistic relationships with his coaches and teammates. While watching the Patriots under Brady's command, you can tell they are in flow. He is confident in his abilities, while knowing he can strategically improve. And he is masterful at balancing reflection with action. Brady purposefully pauses and intentionally acts. When off the field, he is able to find a quiet space (often internal) to recollect, reassess, and reengage. And then is able to deliver, through methodical, on-field play.
What other 'intangibles' does Brady - or other greats from any sport - have that we can learn from?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.750249
Retrieved Text: With over 200,000 listens on BlogTalkRadio, King James Radio Network is the home to 2-Minute Drill, where we preview & recap NFL Sunday, Talk Back Live, Crossroads, Sports In the Spirit, the North Brunswick Raiders, Timothy Christian Basketball, and Out of the Blue and Orange, which talks New York Mets baseball.
King James Radio Network founder Korbid Thompson will be live from the King James Broadcast Center(presumably), along with Jersey Basketball Association directors Tom Petruzelli, Mitch Aronson, and John Zayonskosky at JBA headquarters in North Plainfield, New Jersey, as the JBA playoff brackets are read live on the air. We will have guest call-ins from coaches and players who want to discuss their playoff seeding with the directors, so this is their chance to do a Q&A with the men in charge. We are live on the King James Radio Network at www.jamesisking.com.
More and more, we are seeing athletes on the college level getting into all kinds of trouble with the law. What does the Bible say? Is there snything we can do about it? We tackle these issues on this edition of Sports In the Spirit.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.713039
Retrieved Text: Sometimes, the world demands too much, and the need to escape becomes overwhelming.
Thomas “Tom” Dimitri Harris always thinks 12 steps ahead in a conversation - even if that means missing what the person is saying at the moment. It’s not that he doesn’t care about the other person, it’s that he’s too busy worrying about his future. While his parents desperately want him to be a doctor, Tom is suffocating from their expectations. So, he makes the radical decision to break free and drop out of the pathology program that he’s been working toward his entire life.
Owen Enstrom is the most sought-after man in Hollywood right now, but he needs to escape. He knows that without a drastic change to his hectic lifestyle he’s headed for a very public, very embarrassing breakdown. So, Owen books a private train compartment on a cross-country trip. Suddenly, he feels freer than ever before and closer to becoming a more honest, happier version of himself.
Now, Tom and Owen are on the same track to freedom, on the same train, and in the same compartment. Both want to find a real connection that will bring them happiness. Will Tom be able to cast aside his anxiety and doubt and live in the moment? How long can Owen keep Tom from discovering his secret?
Take a ride on this train of passion, desire, and self-discovery. Discover Me is a steamy, soul-searching M/M romance featuring a virgin ingenue and an experienced older man who find love and each other.
I received an ARC of this

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.701579
Retrieved Text: The 50's & 60's Graffiti Gold Show with Tom Tayback and the Daddy O's is a 50's and 60's Golden Oldies Live Music Show. For exciting entertainment you won't want to miss it. When making plans for live music in Arizona, things to do in Arizona, what to do in Arizona, where to go in Arizona, attractions in Arizona, or night life in Arizona, you should include the 50's & 60's Graffiti Gold Show with Tom Tayback and the Daddy O's.
Tributes to 40+ 50's & 60's Roxk And Roll Hits.
© Copyright 2006-2019 Tom Tayback. All Rights Reserved.
Live 50's and 60's Golden Oldies Music in Arizona. The 50's & 60's Graffiti Gold Show with Tom Tayback and the Daddy O's is a true Blast From The Past. If you like vintage Rock and Roll from the days of Jukeboxes, this is truly one of the best things to do in Arizona. This show features nostalgic stories and musical tributes to Rock and Roll Legends. When you're thinking about what to do in Arizona, this is the best choice for night entertainment and live music. If you are visiting an Arizona Hotel or Resort and looking for some great night time activity, check out the Graffiti Gold Show with Tom Tayback and the Daddy O's as they take you on a musical trip down memory lane to a time that brought us Golden Oldies. If you're a true fan of Golden Oldies you won't want to miss the Graffiti Gold Show. Return to the 50's and 60's with

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.653643
Retrieved Text: Playing Download was a dream confesses frontman Tom Weaver from Casey but it was a dream he never dared consider a realistic target this early in their career.
Casey have earned a slot on The Dogtooth Stage this year just six short months after their debut album dropped – much to the surprise of Tom and his band mates.
“The offer to play Download was never really expected at all to be honest,” he tells The New Rock Times.
With The Dogtooth Stage being a tent based stage – does Tom have any secret hopes for a deluge from above to send the festival goers scampering in for cover?
“This actually happened to us when we played Butserfest last year,” he laughs.
“It was kinda cool because it made the place looked absolutely packed, but in reality those people weren’t there to see us, they weren’t concerned with what we were doing, they were just looking forward to the rain stopping so they could go see the bands they came to see.
Casey are a band who wear their musical heart on their sleeve. Their website greeting reads: ‘Music is our labour of love,’ and Tom concedes music is the be all and end all for the Casey gang.
“We’re a fairly self-enclosed band when playing live, we tend to vibe with each other on the stage and not concern ourselves too greatly with what happens beyond there,” he explains.
“Lately I’ve definitely noticed an increasing in crowd participation though which has been very humbling, to know that people are taking time to sit

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.642503
Retrieved Text: I'm extra excited for Oct. 22, because Tom Hanks is hosting Saturday Night Live with musical guest Lady Gaga. The Sully star is arguably one of the most beloved actors in Hollywood, both onscreen and off — from You've Got Mail to Philadelphia to Forrest Gump, it's impossible to find a movie where he doesn't shine. And, even when he's not actually on the screen, he's still beloved — I am, of course, referring to his voiceover role as Woody in the Toy Story films. Offscreen, he's known as one of the most likable guys in Hollywood and he won my heart over once again with his spot-on response to the Trump tapes by emphasizing that men should be outraged as humans — not just because they're husbands and fathers. It's no surprise that this beloved actor has been invited to host numerous times, but does Tom Hanks hold the record for most hosted episodes of SNL?
Hanks doesn't hold the record, but he's up there — according to Time magazine, only 15 people have hosted Saturday Night Live five times or more, and Oct. 22 will mark Hanks' ninth time appearing as host (although he has made a number of surprise cameos over the years). Alec Baldwin, who has hosted the show a whopping 16 times, holds the record for most episodes hosted — and it's a safe bet that he'll make another cameo appearance as Donald Trump this week. (Although it appears that one person who won't be tuning in is Trump himself.) Steve Martin

================



======= Instance Index 28 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Hi, John! I'd like to invite you to dinner this evening.

M: To dinner? What for?

W: I have passed my driving test!

M: Congratulations! I'm really glad to hear that.

W: Thank you! I have been preparing for it for half a year, you know. And I've made it at last.

M: So, where shall we have our dinner?

W: How about the Friendship Hotel? I like the food and service there.

M: I agree. I'll take you there in my car.

W: Fine. Let's go at half past six.

Question: Why does the woman invite the man to dinner? 

- It is her birthday.

- She has passed her driving test.

- It's the man's birthday.

Target Text: She has passed her driving test.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 23.575642
Retrieved Text: How to seduce and captivate a girl with Neuro-linguistic programming (NLP)?
Seducing a girl using NLP is an art on her own. Although if you have a deep knowledge of NLP , seduction is a simple process. It has been suggested that the use of NLP for seduction is not ethical, and that we should not use "mind control" to attract a woman but this is a lie.
The reality is that everyone who tries to seduce someone is using some form of mind control, whether they know it or not. When you buy flowers and use cologne you are manipulating the other person, even when you have dinner with someone you have much deeper psychological connections and are ways of mind control.
Why buy flowers is mind control?
It is not just the fact that women associate "the gift of flowers" with the arrival of man. She also associates the pleasant smell of flowers with man. Unlike most senses, smell goes directly to our limbic system that stores memory and is responsible for emotions.
The man is essentially saying "Here is a flower, BANG, now when you remember me, you will remember a pleasant smell and excitement upon receiving them." Even if the woman does not consciously associate this, her subconscious is 100% aware of that association.
For that reason, the first impression is so important, because if a woman has associated an idea of you in her mind, it is very difficult to reverse it. That’s why it's important to clarify that NLP can help you, but you can not

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.778828
Retrieved Text: One thing I had been looking forward to a lot about moving to Amsterdam was the fact that here exist several networking events for women in technical companies/technical professions, i.e. mostly in IT. A lot of them seem to be organised via Twitter or Meetup (a platform whose benefits I'm only just now starting to discover! Ah, the possibilities!) So far I've discovered the PythonLadies, the RailsGirls, the PHPWomen and, less technology-specific: Girls in Tech and the Girl Geek Dinner.
Considering that Karlsruhe, where I've lived before, is also considered a somewhat big technology and innovation hub, it's a little sad to see how few girls' networking events take place there: virtually none. I guess it's just a different culture here. Or there really aren't enough women in tech back home.
So, as soon as the date for the September edition of the Girl Geek Dinner here was announced, I just had to sign up! The Girl Geek Dinners are a world wide organisation who promote women in technology. In Germany they seem to be a bit underdeveloped, unfortunately, thats why I only came across the organisation when I moved here.
The dinners usually feature one or several speakers for varied topics, usually women, and a buffet style dinner. Men are allowed to attend as well, but only as long as they're invited by a woman - every woman can invite one man, like this women will never be outnumbered by men.
The topic for September's GGD in Amsterdam was "Start-ups" and was hosted in the beautiful premises of Rockstart

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.602041
Retrieved Text: How to impress a Bulgarian woman!
Ok, let’s talk about Bulgarian women! Why do foreigners find them (us) so irresistible and attractive?
Honestly, I really do not know, because I’ve always been a Bulgarian woman hahaha, but I am so happy to know so many other girls from different nationalities. And, finally, I think I have a clue what is the answer here!
Also, Bulgarian women care very much about their looks, which means we do pay a lot of attention to them, even if we sometimes cannot actually afford it. There is always a way!
So, beauty is very important (and as we all know, important for men too), but this is not the main thing that makes our women so attractive. We have this sweet craziness and awkwardness that, for example, English women do not have (no offence here again)! In general, knowing a girl born on the Balkans has its ‘’dangerous’’ sides ahahaha! You need to be always prepared, for anything!
What does a Bulgarian woman expect from a man?
2. Be a gentleman: This includes many things. Ask her out for dinner (and ALWAYS offer to take her from home and bring her back to her house when the dinner is over). Open the door for her, be caring!
3. Who pays the bill?! Ok, I know this is a HUGE issue for foreign men. Bulgarian men are used to this, I think. But it is all about the attitude, dear guys! Of course, she can afford her part of the dinner, the lunch or the tea, but it

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.59236
Retrieved Text: What is motivation? And how does it relate to purpose? Ayn Rand wrote: She goes on to describe motivation as: That last question--what is he after?-- implies that understanding a man's purpose is critical to understanding his motivation. But what exactly is the relationship there? Let's say, in general, that a man's purpose is to do productive work, which Rand considered to be man's central, rational purpose in life. And let's also say that a particular man expresses a desire to work on starting a relationship with a particular woman. He tells us that this is what he's after. He's going to ask her out on a date. It's his own application of the abstract productive work to his individual, concrete life. Now we might consider how such a purpose relates to his motivation. Why did he pick this goal, and why does he work toward achieving it? As Rand suggested, is it because of his "basic premises and values"? If so, this man could have any number of different reasons for pursuing a relationship with the woman. Which is why we would need to understand his premises and values before we could really understand why he chose that purpose in the first place. Now, let's suppose we are that man. (Women, feel free to reverse the sexes in the example.) Why are we acting toward achieving this particular purpose? Let's say we think the woman is smart and attractive, a fairly standard reason for asking someone out. But why are we pursuing a smart and

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.509228
Retrieved Text: A woman came out of her house and saw 3 old men with long white beards sitting in her front yard. She did not recognize them. She said "I don't think I know you, but you must be hungry. Please come in and have something to eat." "Is the man of the house home?", they asked. "No," she said. "He's out." "Then we cannot come in," they replied.
In the evening when her husband came home, she told him what had happened. "Go tell them I am home and invite them in!" The woman went out and invited the men in. "We do not go into a House together," they replied. "Why is that?" she wanted to know. One of the old men explained: "His name is Wealth," he said pointing to one of his friends, and said pointing to another one, "He is Success, and I am Love." Then he added, "Now go in and discuss with your husband which one of us you want in your home." The woman went in and told her husband what was said.
Her husband was overjoyed. "How nice!", he said. "Since that is the case, let us invite Wealth. Let him come and fill our home with wealth!" His wife disagreed. "My dear, why don't we invite Success?" Their daughter was listening from the other corner of the house. She jumped in with her own suggestion: "Would it not be better to invite Love? Our home will then be filled with love!" "Let us heed our daughters advice," said the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 22.38261
Retrieved Text: Our thoughts become a reality so I’m a positive person. Also I realize our real life situation that’s why I’m practical and purposeful. On the other hand, I’m quite romantic and emotional. I like walking around a night city, having a picnic or dinner when the light from the candles creates special atmosphere. In addition, I’m full of energy and try to enjoy every minute of this tough but wonderful life.
I am not a perfect woman and I'm not looking for someone perfect! I'm looking for a man who is ready for a real relationship without lies and deceit! I'm looking for a man who does not wear a mask, a man who is always open! A man who is willing to laugh at my jokes, support me and respect me! For my part, I will give everything for him! I'm an open book to the relationship. For me it is important that my man will always feel special! So I'll show you the love that you have never experienced before!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 22.236647
Retrieved Text: 1.What time is it now?
2.What does the woman think of the weather?
4.What is the woman’s opinion about the course?
5. What does the woman want the man to do ?
A. Speak louder. B. Apologize to her. C. Turn off the radio.
6. How long did Michael stay in China?
A. Five days. B. One week. C.Two weeks.
7. Where did Michael go last year?
A. Russia. B. Norway. C. India.
8.Whet food does Sally like?
9.What are the speakers going to do?
A.Cook dinner. B.Go shopping. C.Order dishes.
11.When is the report due ?
12.What does George suggest Stephanie do with the report?
14.What kind of apartment do the speakers prefer?
15.How much rent should one pay for the one-bedroom apartment?
16.Where is the apartment the speakers would like to see?
A.On Lake Street B.On Market C.On South Street.
17.What percentage of the world’s tea exports go to Britain?
18.Why do tea taster taste tea with milk?
A.Most British people drink tea that way.
B.Tea tastes much better with milk.
C.Tea with milk is healthy.
19.Who suggests a price for each tea?
20.What is the speaker talking about?
A.The life of tea tasters.
C.The London Tea Trade Centre.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 22.091599
Retrieved Text: Past relationships are either a lesson to us or a heartache. Whatever the reason may be, it simply didn’t work out because it wasn’t meant to be. Whether you are dating or in a courtship with someone, it is important to not justify on why you stay in a relationship that is not right for you. We all take the wrong way a time or two in our life. As for me, I have had my shares of wrong men that entered my life. It took me bad relationships to break me in order for me to learn what I don’t want/need in my future spouse. Yes, I said spouse. As I get older, I don’t date for fun or to pass time. I look for the qualities I want in my future husband. The person you are with should be a REFLECTION of the person you want to be, hence I didn’t say the person you are now, but the person you want to BE. In other words, the person should motivate and build you up to the highest potential! Your significant other should care what path you’re taking in life if they see a future with you. If you’re an apple, you should be dating a apple. If you’re an orange, you should be dating an orange. Everything and everyone will not mix!
Stop making cheap and low standards and then wonder why every man that comes your way thinks he has a chance with you! The right and wrong men will try to pursue

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.988882
Retrieved Text: His mother hid him for three months.
This is one of the Hebrews' children.
Should I find a Hebrew woman to nurse the child?
So Miriam went to find her (and Moses's) mother (Jochebed).
So Miriam and Jochebed took Moses away and nursed him.
After Moses was weaned, his mother returned him to Pharaoh's daughter who adopted him as her son.
Pharaoh's nameless daughter gave Moses his name.
When Moses was a bit older, he killed an Egyptian who was "smiting" a Hebrew, after making sure that no one was looking.
Why are you smiting this man?
Who made you a prince to judge us?
Are you going to kill us like you did the Egyptian?
So Moses knew that his murder was not well-hidden.
When Pharaoh heard about it, he decided to kill Moses.
But Moses fled  to the land of Midian, and sat down by a well.
Some shepherds tried to drive the sisters away, but Moses intervened and helped them water their flock.
The sisters told their father, Reul , about the Egyptian who helped them at the well.
Reul told his daughters to invite the Egyptian to dinner.
So Moses came to dinner, and Reul gave Moses his daughter, Zipporah.
And Zipporah had a son named Gershom.
The king of Egypt dies.
The king of Egypt died, and the Israelites cried out to God.
God heard their groaning and remembered the deal he'd made with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob.
The birth story of Moses is suspiciously similar to that of the birth of Sargon, an Akkadian monarch from the 3rd millennium BCE.
Wells are the places to meet women in the Bible.
And now it's

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.838495
Retrieved Text: There was once, a time when every romance had a fairy tale ending, in which all young lovers came to the happiness of marriage when the story ended. Today, romance has evolved to various types of dating arrangements and not all end in marriage. However, for many people, marriage is the last phase for a couple in love. Knowing how to get a marriage proposal from the man who loves you is a very important factor in achieving lasting marital happiness. Follow these steps to achieve it.
Meet a man that is a good match and that has seriousness to be in a long-term relationship. Find someone with an education and a socioeconomic level similar to yours to increase the chances of a successful long-term relationship. Begin to see yourself in “casual dating,” but leave for later any serious discussion about your desire for a happy marriage.
Continue dating for several months. Prepare a dinner Go to the cinema. Have a field day in the park. Take the time to get to know you and develop a solid relationship based on love and trust. Do not press him with hints about the desire for a happy marriage with him until they have been dating for a while.
Relationship expert John Molloy, author of the book “Why Men Marry Some Women and Not Others” (“Why men marry some women and not others”), says that women who press a man with hints about marriage too soon, for example in the first 6 to 8 months of relationship, will probably scare him

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.783611
Retrieved Text: * Rev. Warren J. Keating, Pastor of the First Presbyterian Church of Yuma, AZ., says that the best prayer he ever heard was, "Lord, please make me the kind of person my dog thinks I am."
* A student was asked to list the 10 Commandments in any order. His response was: 3, 6, 1, 8, 4, 5, 9, 2, 10, 7.
* A woman was at the beach with her children when her four-year-old son ran up, grabbed her hand and led her to the shore where a sea gull lay dead in the sand. "Mommy, what happened to him?" the boy asked.
"He died and went to heaven," she replied.
The boy thought for a moment and then said, "And God threw him back down?"
* After the church service a little boy told the pastor, "When I grow up, I'm going to give you some money. "Well, thank you," the pastor replied. "But why?" "Because," the boy responded, "my daddy says you're one of the poorest preachers we've ever had."
* A woman invited some people over for dinner. At the table she turned to her six-year-old daughter and said, "Would you like to say the blessing?" The girl replied, "I wouldn't know what to say." "Just say what you heard Mommy say," the mother answered. The daughter bowed her head and said, "Lord, why on earth did I invite all these people to dinner?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.660658
Retrieved Text: We take a look at how the roles of women in the dating world are different now than they ever have been before.
No disrespect, Mom (I would never!), but it is absolutely a different dating world for millennials than it was for you. Especially for women.
As a champion for the equal rights of women in all aspects of life – from work, to social circumstances, to dating – I think it’s only fair to say that the roles of women in the dating world have changed, and should have changed since the days of courtship that I’ve only seen in movies that took place in the 1950s.
So, how have dating roles changed for women?
Women can (gasp) ask men on dates.
We don’t have to just stand back and wait for a guy to come to us with a dozen roses to invite us to dinner. No…we can be bold. If we are interested in a man, it’s more socially acceptable for us to say it. We don’t have to make the first move, but there’s no unwritten rule saying not to. It’s all about the circumstance — and about what a woman is comfortable with.
Women have different lives and goals than the previous generation’s women.
Today, it’s the norm for a woman to go to work – and it’s not as unusual as it once was for a woman to not want children. We want to focus on our careers. We’re getting married later in life. We’re priding ourselves on our collective education. Dating, with the chance of

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.466333
Retrieved Text: I am an active person with the positive attitude to the life. I have many friends and I think that I am a sociable, open and friendly person. I am interested in many things and I would like to try many things which I have never tried before. I am open for something new and I am not afraid of difficulties in my life. I think that I am kind, sensual, romantic, caring and passionate woman.
I like to travel and to visit new places, I like to swim, to dance and to invite my friends for the dinner. I like cooking and I do sports regularly. I like to watch good movies and to listen to the music, I tried to play golf and I like it very much, also I like bowling, tennis and table tennis as well. I enjoy skating and an active lifestyle.
I wish to find a caring and serious man, who is kind and open, who has ability to love, and who wants to be only with one man. It is very important for me that a man has strong personality and knows very well what he wants from his life. I want to be with the successful and goal oriented person who is ready for the serious relations.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.275242
Retrieved Text: So many women can relate.
In a dating world full of swiping and countless apps, it's no surprise women are still getting messages like this one.
Posted on Instagram by user llweiss85, a text exchange between herself and a 28-year-old man is something a lot of women can relate to.
"[sic throughout] i am not trying to bad mouth men cuz i know us women have issues and can be just as disrespectful. But this is the 3rd thing this man said to me," Lindsey Lorena wrote on the site.
"He is 28 yrs old! I would imagine a 20/21 yr old to talk like that. I have no problem taking a man on a first date. I have asked men on the first date before."
In the text exchange, the man asks Lorena when she is coming to see him.
When she replies, "I am going to need you to rephrase that with 'can I take you to dinner' or even a 'when can I take you on a date?,'' the man replies, "[Sic throughout] That's why woman single because depend on a man Too Much like don't depend on me if you want to go on a date invite me on 1."
Oh, please. Clearly, this has nothing to do with depending on a man.
Lorena also tagged author Derrick Jaxn, who often comments online on topics like cheating, marriage and healthy relationships.
Jaxn posted a screengrab of the text exchange on his Facebook page, and asked his fans to weigh in.
One person noted some women are single because of the lack of

########
Rank: 14
Score: 21.094149
Retrieved Text: Well, there you go. Just be warm and friendly, and you’ll be all set. Why didn’t we all think of that? Clearly it hinges on the fact that you should only invite people that you like. Or live in the south. Southerners seem to have cornered the market on hospitality. But, for the rest of us, who live anywhere north of Texas or are not blessed with a warm, friendly disposition, perhaps these basic tips will help us be hospitable.
1. Remember, it begins at the door. Make people feel welcome when they arrive. And since you want to be sincere about it, I would recommend not letting people in your house that you aren’t truly glad to have. Or learn to fake it. In a genuine way.
2. Be confident. Trust that you can throw a party that others will enjoy. Come up with a good plan and then make it happen. Along the way, don’t sweat the details. If the vegetables sit in the steamer too long and are overcooked, which happened to us recently, smile, apologize and move on. Mushy vegetables hardly qualify as a crisis. And if someone is sitting at your table that is upset by the vegetables, make a note not to invite them back.
3. This isn’t Oz. It’s okay to see the man (or woman) behind the curtain. Still finishing the sauce for the sole when your guests arrive? Don’t hide it. Let your guest see what’s going on. It will make them feel at home.
4. Relax. Nothing will make others

########
Rank: 15
Score: 21.051748
Retrieved Text: Szalai Nóri | 16. 12. 27.
Jöjjön most egy párbeszéd, amelyben szilveszteri programokról lesz szó.
Man: Have you got plans for New Year’s Eve?
Woman: We’re renting a cottage in Scotland with some friends.
Man: Sounds good. Do you think you’ll get some snow?
Woman: There should be quite a lot up North. It’s a long trip to Inverness but I’m really looking forward to it. How about you?
Man: Don’t know yet. I usually go to the pub with friends but this year I’d rather do something more interesting.
Woman: Any New Year’s resolutions? Those could give you inspiration.
Man: Well, I want to get into sports. I used to ice-skate when I was a kid. I really enjoyed it. And I should also spend more time relaxing. This job is interesting but I’m doing very long hours.
Woman: Perhaps you could spend a few days at a spa resort.
Man: I’m not sure. Not my style, really. How about your resolutions?
Woman: I haven’t made any. I guess I should, there is always room for improvement. But why on the 1st of January? You can change your life anytime.
Man: I quit smoking this way. It seems to be working for me. Have you really managed to ditch an old habit and stick with it?
Woman: I don’t think so. I tend to focus on positive things.
Man: That is a good idea. I do need positive things in my life. I’ll get a new pair of skates and go skating regularly. I hope I’ll find some mates to join me.
Woman: I like skating. We could ask the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 21.050602
Retrieved Text: Home Russian brides Why Russian Women Look for Love Abroad?
You probably know that Russian ladies are very beautiful and lovely women but also they are open-hearted, tolerant and womanly. Unfortunately, we cannot say the same about Western ladies. This is one of the reasons why foreigners look for a Russian bride. But why do Russian women look for a husband abroad if they are pretty and clever, well-educated, have successful career in their country? Let’s try to understand this tendency from the point of view of a Russian woman.
Why do Russian Brides look for a love abroad?
A lot of people can firmly say that Russian woman is sitting on dating sites online because she simply wants to meet a rich foreigner and to move to his country in order not to work, simply to say that she wants an easy life. Why does not she want to marry with a man from her country? Why does she want to move, to change the place of living? She is a successful woman here, maybe she has a child or she has never been married. Only try to meet your love in your country. But there are a lot of reasons why Russian single lady wants to go abroad. She understands that the children will be born abroad and will be automatically the citizens of that country but Russian men do not think over this question.
Russian men, as a rule, do not appreciate Russian ladies. They are used to see our women beautiful and pretty, to have two

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.894049
Retrieved Text: crush song - Why Are Younger Men Older Women Relationships Too Popular Today?
СтройКрой / Все о загородном строительстве / Why Are Younger Men Older Women Relationships Too Popular Today?
Why Are Younger Men Older Women Relationships Too Popular Today?
The very first answer that usually pops into anyone’s mind is that to do with the financial benefits that the younger men receive from these older women.
Younger men seeking older women are far from innocent or nave and clearly understand that such relationships can lead to their financial gain. This is due to the fact that older women are usually already financially stable and tend to ‘mother’ the younger men by taking care of most of their financial needs. In addition, it has been noted that younger men seek older women because they will escape most of the financial responsibilities that they will have to bear when dating a younger, less financially stable woman. For example, on older woman will settle the bill after a fancy dinner while the younger woman will expect the man, much as tradition and culture, to settle it.
Another reason that has been suggested is the fact that advancements in cosmetic technology has ensures that beauty and health facilities effectively help women keep in excellent physical condition. Older women keep fit by attending the gym regularly and usually use cosmetic surgery to ensure that their beauty does not fade away with age and effectively maintain their youthful appearance.
Thirdly, it has been suggested that biologically, a woman’s sexual peak is between the ages of 35-40 whereas

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.841105
Retrieved Text: Explores the lives of four men with various mental disabilities who live in a group homeunder the supervision of an earnest social worker.
Wednesday has invited her new (normal) boyfriend and his parents to dinner. The whole Addams Family gang is concerned and the dinner isn’t a complete success.
An Italian-American guy from New Jersey sees both sets of his grandparents every Sunday for dinner – until he has to tell them he’s been offered a Seattle job..
A woman answers the cell phone of a stranger in a cafe. She has taken the phone because it is ringing and the man does not answer it; he is dead.
A psychiatrist attempts to treat a young man who has a pathological religious fascination with horses. It becomes a psychological puzzle for both doctor and audience.
The story of the “mad” knight, Don Quixote, as a play within a play, is performed by Cervantes and his fellow prisoners as he awaits a hearing with the Spanish Inquisition.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.618404
Retrieved Text: You are on a first date. A drink, a cup of coffee, or maybe dinner. Do you grab the check? Should he? Should one of you grab it and say ,” lets split it?” Here is a very interesting and somewhat controversial topic when it comes to dating. No , not up there with topics like gay marriage or fracking, but when one is dating, these things come up. I mentioned this in a previous blog post, Dutch Treat. I, personally , like the man to pay. Call me old-fashioned, but I have always experienced that, and I am not afraid to say, I like it. Most men, in my experience, don’t even hesitate to pay for the drink , dinner or coffee on the first meet and greet. And if we see each other a few times, it rarely (see blog post mentioned) comes up that I should pay or we should split it. And yes, there are always circumstance we may not know, or feminism at play, or a man who won’t feel like a man if he doesn’t pay. I actually have offered to split the check a couple of times, on the initial meeting, but the men have always insisted on paying. Even my friend in the aforementioned blog post, paid for our drinks on the first meeting. After that, it dwindled. And I noticed.
It is a personal choice in how to handle this when it arises. is it an age thing? Does it differ with the age of the man or

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.583614
Retrieved Text: Welcome back to Cultivating Your Village, today is part and we will be discussing on this episode “how does our village build the body of Christ?” How does our village impact our family, and our little corner of our world”. How does it all work together to unify us?
With that, I want to encourage all of you to reach out and get a dinner going with your neighbors, or co-workers, or mom’s that you see at preschool or school and invite them to a dinner even if you want to go out to dinner vs having them over. Take that risk, be brave, and we would love to hear about it! If you decide to do this, please message me, you can email me here.
Also, I am not just talking to my fellow Americans! I just want to do a shout out to Japan, you guys have bypassed Canada with downloads! I have talked to a friend of mine and she is a military wife and she said that there is a big base in Japan so if you are listening and you are in Japan, please leave me a message I would love to hear from you!
Anyway, no matter where you are, I want to encourage you guys to open your doors, invite people in, and take that risk. Get to know women around you, don’t just “like” their FB post or Instagram posts. Really get to know them, that is my challenge for you and I really want to hear back from you guys.
Also,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.563128
Retrieved Text: Question 1: While John was baptising, how did he refer to the Pharisees and Sadducees?
Question 2: When the Pharisees asked Jesus whether it was lawful to pay taxes to Caesar, what object did he use to answer their question?
Question 3: When Jesus told his disciples to beware of the "leaven of the Pharisees and Sadducees", to what was he referring?
Question 4: Which Christian doctrine did the Sadducees reject?
Question 5: Which apostle was a Pharisee?
Question 6: Which respected Pharisee advised the Jews to let the apostles alone because if their message was truly from God, no man could fight against them?
Question 7: Jesus told a story about two men who went to pray in the temple. One was a Pharisee, what was the other man?
Question 8: What question regarding marriage did the Pharisees use to tempt Jesus?
Question 9: What did Jesus say when the Pharisees asked why he ate with publicans and sinners?
Question 10: Jesus accused the Pharisees of hypocritically paying tithes on herbs, and omitting which weightier matters of the law?
Question 11: When Jesus forgave the sins of the sick man let down through the roof to him, to what did the Pharisees object?
Question 12: Which Pharisee came to talk to Jesus by night?
Question 13: What provoked Jesus to say to the Pharisees, "he that is without sin, let him first cast a stone."
Question 14: Many of the chief rulers privately believed in Jesus. Why did they not confess this belief publicly?
Question 15: What does the Bible say Judas "received" from the chief priests and Pharisees

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.561586
Retrieved Text: Note 1: To see Pastor Ricardo's video invitation click here..
Welcome to the Natural Law Church of Health and Healing website. All men and woman, regardless of physical, mental, personal, social, economic, religious, or legal status are welcome to join our Church.
We invite you to navigate our Church's website to become acquainted with our philosophy and principles, the story of our Church and its main focus, Good Health: physical, mental and Spiritual. If you agree with our principles then we invite you to become a DISCIPLE OF THE CHURCH, free of charge for life.
Once you and your family join our Church, then simply print your I.D. cards that will show your stance on vaccination and other forced medical procedures, while reaffirming and cementing in writing your religious beliefs, making clear your God-given natural, common law, constitutional and international legal rights to control your body and that of your children, while at the same time placing persons on notice that you will take legal action against anybody that violates your rights. And you can continue with your present religious affiliations; as long as these are based on universal Christian principles and they are in tune with our Church's beliefs. To join, click here.
Our Church does not welcome any man, woman or human being, as such or as representatives or agents of artificial/fictitious legal entities, De Facto or De Jure, that pretend to affect Church members and Disciples, by their actions or inactions, in any way, physically, mentally or spiritually, against their will, as it pertains to them, their

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.511799
Retrieved Text: Pregnant or not, finding dates can be a challenge for everyone. Of course, you can still look for matches on classic dating sites too if you prefer! Why dont you..
Gleichklang hilft Ihnen in Essen, unter den vielen. Insgesamt 3,2 Milliarden Euro geben die Deutschen jährlich für die Online-Partnersuche aus (vgl. Probiere es aus und finde schon bald passende Singles..
381 Urbanization Main articles: List of largest cities in Brazil and Municipalities of Brazil According to ibge (Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics) urban areas already concentrate.35 of the population..
When you have a good set of dating foto app, nice poses, clean, clear images, it shows you do care about online dating. One way to do this is to think dating foto app terms of a casual date, activity date, and a nice-dinner date When I photograph someone, I goto images that represent the best attributes of that person qpp the most natural way possible.
One way to do this is to think dating foto app terms of a casual date, activity date, and a nice-dinner date When I photograph someone, I goto images.
Description DateStamper allows you to apply dating foto app date stamps to your photos.
Flat design is taking world by storm since Microsoft introduced Windows Phone and Windows.
The background in your photo can impact people both positively and negatively, depending on your surroundings. Ideally, you want a good mix of attractive candids with a few pro shots sprinkled throughout your lineup. Send wink message Add favorite Valentinexyuk 21 year old Woman Seeking Man Profile photos (2) Send

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.465298
Retrieved Text: Last week, I shared of how women are created to be relational. But wait, that's not all! As women, we are also designed to invite.
Our bodies are physically designed to invite, but we are also designed to invite relationally.
The Physical Invitation: God was very intentional as He created man and woman that their bodies would fit together perfectly, in perfect union, coming together into something beautiful and soul-bonding. Our world has done much to skew our vision of this beautiful bond and make it something less than it is. Our world has also done much to discourage women from inviting her man to be with her. Shame from experiences past including abuse and promiscuity. Comparison to images real and imagined that fill a man's mind. Inadequacy felt from discouraging words shared during intimate moments. Inadequacy felt from never learning what it means to truly invite.
Do any of these describe you? They have all described me at some moment in time. What I am learning is that Shame, Comparison and Inadequacy are nothing compared to the richness of an invitation that is met with Love, Tenderness and yes, a bit of Excitement.
The Relational Invitation: As scary as it is to invite our man physically, I imagine most women have as much (or more) fear bound up in inviting a man into their souls. Inviting him into our soul requires a softness and tenderness that relinquishes control of the grip we have on the door to our heart. Admittedly, there are times I can relax, let go and

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.405952
Retrieved Text: 1. Why is this woman spending a dinner party looking at her stupid phone instead of actually interacting with her fellow human beings? Is this just something that always happens at dinner parties these days?
2. How did this woman get the guy's phone number so she could send him the message? If they already know eachother, why are they sitting alone at the beginning?
3. This guy is sitting literally ten feet away. Why doesn't she walk over there and sit down next to him, or ask him to join her with, you know, her lips and her actual freaking voice?
4. Can you tell I'm getting really ticked off around now?
5. Why does this "communicate entirely through technology" thing continue after the party, even as they seem to be forming an....um..."relationship?"
6. Is it safe to assume that this couple has their first actual conversation somewhere around their fifth anniversary?
7. What the F--- is the matter with you YouTube commenters? Are you all mentally ill, or what? You LIKE this? What is your problem?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.367733
Retrieved Text: Seeking true love and happiness.
Wine amateur, music lover, never watch TV, spiritual, great cook. I work as a patent judge. I ski, hike in the mountains, cycle, swim, preferably in the sea, used to race cars. People say I am very gentle. Women that I am a great lover. I respect women a lot. I want to bring happiness to the woman I hopefully will meet soon. I never ever get angry since I am on my spiritual path. I love to travel and also to invite friends at home . Financially, I am very well set. No money worries.
Looking for a serious relationship, eventually leading to marriage, with a positive woman. She can have a strong personality. Being loving and caring with each other is essential. My dream woman should have a certain degree of intelligence, but this does not imply she should have diplomas. Would you like to have a romantic holiday say in Italy? Or a nice dinner at my home? Let me know. At some point I will insist to have a live video. I have seen too many scammers.
I have traveled to many places but there are even more to discover. With you?
In a nice place like in Italy, Roma, or in Greece, on an island.
Loving, romantic, intelligent, beautiful outside and inside.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.336752
Retrieved Text: Selamat datang di zooba.ID! Kali ini zooba.ID mau share Transkrip Tapescript Listening Express UN SMK Erlangga 2019 | Tapescript Listening X-Press UN SMK Erlangga 2019 | Listening Erlangga 2019. Untuk tapescript listening Erlangga ini zooba.ID buat sendiri. Sebelumnya, silakan download dulu Audio MP3 Listening Erlangga X-Press Bahasa Inggris SMK klik DISINI. Yang ada di situs ini adalah tapescript audio listening erlangga ya, tidak menyertakan isi bukunya. Silakan beli yang asli di toko buku terdekat!
A. The yard of the house looks empty.
B. The house is made from brikes and stones.
C. A man is parking his bike in the yard.
D. A bike is parked in front of the house.
A. The people are harvesting in the field.
B. The woman is choosing the vegetables.
C. The woman is planting the vegetables.
D. The woman is cooking the vegetables for dinner.
A. There is an umbrella in her bag.
B. The woman has long straight hair.
C. The woman is wearing a short dress.
D. The woman is wearing a traditional Japanese dress.
Woman	: My boss has given me a ticket to Bali as a bonus. What do you think of him?
Man	: A) Bali is popular as an Island of Temples.
B) I’m thinking about my vacation plan.
C) I think your boss is very generous.
D) I think the company should give me a bonus.
Man	: Why are you sitting here by yourself? Is there anything I can do for you?
Woman	: A) Can you help me find my key? I think I lost it here.
B) I haven’t done anything since I arrived here.
C) I’m sitting here waiting for my sister.
D) That’s

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.30299
Retrieved Text: CLEVELAND, Ohio -- A man admitted to throwing a knife at an 62-year-old woman during dinner, slicing the woman's stomach and causing part of her intestines to spill out, according to police.
The 45-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of felonious assault, according to police reports. Formal charges have not been filed in the case.
The incident happened about 3 a.m. Thursday at an apartment building on Lorain Avenue near West 94th Street.
The man told police he, his 62-year-old girlfriend and a third person sat down to eat a dinner of lasagna and garlic bread and things "got out of hand," according to police reports.
Both were drinking, and the woman was being loud and wouldn't stop talking, the man told police. He told police he asked the woman "over and over" to go to bed or to quiet down, according to police reports.
The man told police the woman threw several objects at him. He told police he threw a pack of cigarettes at her, then grabbed the next object he could find to throw, police reports say. He told police he didn't realize it was a knife until after he threw it, police said.
The woman's dress turned red with blood, he said, according to police reports.
He looked at the woman's wound and saw that the knife had sliced her stomach to the point that her intestines were sticking out, the police reports say.
The man told police he wanted to call 911 immediately, but that the woman didn't want him to call, police reports say. He said they argued

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.298643
Retrieved Text: 2 ” The kingdom of heaven may be compared to a king who gave a wedding feast for his son. 3 “And he sent out his slaves to call those who had been invited to the wedding feast, and they were unwilling to come. 4 “Again he sent out other slaves saying, ‘Tell those who have been invited, “Behold, I have preparedmy dinner; my oxen and my fattened livestock are all butchered and everything is ready; come to the wedding feast.”‘ 5 “But they paid no attention and went their way, one to his own farm, another to his business, 6 and the rest seized his slaves and mistreated them and killed them. 7 “But the king was enraged, and he sent his armies and destroyed those murderers and set their city on fire. 8 “Then he said to his slaves, ‘The wedding is ready, but those who were invited were not worthy. 9′Go therefore to the main highways, and as many as you find there, invite to the wedding feast.’ 10 “Those slaves went out into the streets and gathered togetherall they found, both evil and good; and the wedding hall was filled with dinner guests.
Jesus’ enemies confronted Him and challenged Him on various issues. As Jesus was teaching about the Kingdom of God, He put His opponents to shame.
Set their City on Fire – Destruction of Jerusalem in 70A.D.
37 ” He who loves father or mother more than Me is not worthy of Me; and he who loves son or daughter more than Me

================



======= Instance Index 29 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Hi, John! I'd like to invite you to dinner this evening.

M: To dinner? What for?

W: I have passed my driving test!

M: Congratulations! I'm really glad to hear that.

W: Thank you! I have been preparing for it for half a year, you know. And I've made it at last.

M: So, where shall we have our dinner?

W: How about the Friendship Hotel? I like the food and service there.

M: I agree. I'll take you there in my car.

W: Fine. Let's go at half past six.

Question: Why does the woman want to go to the Friendship Hotel? 

- She likes the food and service there.

- The food and service there is the best in the city.

- The prices are reasonable there.

Target Text: She likes the food and service there.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.99802
Retrieved Text: The Commercial Curmudgeon: "You're the third guy to ask for her key in the last 24 hours. Oh well, none of our business. Here you go, sir."
"You're the third guy to ask for her key in the last 24 hours. Oh well, none of our business. Here you go, sir."
So this woman is in a hotel room in the middle of nowhere, all by herself. She looks nervous and worried and on edge.
One day, a guy shows up at the hotel front desk and announces to the manager "I'm the husband of the woman staying in Room 122, give me a key so I can go in there with....um, 'our' dog and several bags of groceries and stuff from 'our' house so when she comes back from wherever she is I can surprise her."
The manager, suffering from extreme Common Sense Deficiency Syndrome (or CSDS, a treatment for which is coming to your pharmacy and your television in the very near future,) hands a key to this total stranger so he can walk right into the woman's room and wait for her. Why not, even though the hotel guest woman didn't inform the front desk that she was expecting anyone. The guy looks perfectly normal, except that he's kind of bleary eyed because he drove all night and he's got this big dog with him. Maybe the woman is hiding from her abuser? Maybe this guy is stalking her? Maybe you don't just open the freaking room up to anyone claiming to be a relation of the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.300325
Retrieved Text: When you are dating a Ukrainian woman and hoping to marry her, you may be surprised by how she views money. I can tell you this as a Ukrainian woman myself :); I have seen this sort of conflict firsthand. Other women like myself tend to expect expensive gifts from the men that they are seeing. They think that these western men should give them these gifts as a way of expressing their love. When they do not get the gifts, they take it as a sign that the man does not love them as much as he says that he does.
In the west, I have noticed that men tend to be a bit more thirty. They want to hold onto their money. They want to save up what they are earning so that they have some security. As a result, they tend to think that Ukrainian women have a false idea about the value of money. They think that Ukrainian women do not respect it or know how to use it. This is not true. What they are really seeing is just the culture difference. People in Ukraine tend to spend their money, using it all up to have a good time and to get the things that they want.
Still not respond to me….what did I do to you…? I am so disappointed. I must have misunderstood you completely.
Or, something else happened, I do not know. I leave for Kiev today…I hope you are well…and I am confused about what happened to our beginning of

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.19599
Retrieved Text: Are you willing to trust someone—either in the church, in your community, or yes, even on the Internet—whom you feel may hurt you in some emotional (maybe even physical) way?
Now our family doesn’t do this all the time, but when you’re a missionary, you develop what I think is a God-given nudge to reach out to certain people. And you step out and take the risk. It’s not something that I would suggest everyone do, unless you’re also willing to absorb what may turn out to be a painful situation, learn something from it, and move on. And obviously, I don’t mean purposely putting yourself in harm’s way.
Our family does it, because Jesus is the perfect example of someone who took the biggest risks of loving others and because we don’t want to look back and say, “What if?” To be honest, we have been burnt a couple of times (who hasn’t?), but, we’re very grateful to God for his mercy in that the good far outweighs the bad.
While on the mission field in Europe, we met this chap at the gym. Let’s face it, the self-righteous would do everything they could to avoid him. His moral lifestyle is antithetical to everything they hold close to their heart. Anyway, knowing he would benefit from genuine Christian friendship, we invited him to a church holiday event at one of our member’s homes. We hoped he’d be among all these wonderful examples of Christian faith. We explained (warned!) it was a church event so didn’t think he would

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.152735
Retrieved Text: In direct response to the woman who posted on our website and who wants to make her relationship work, we urge her to be very honest with herself. First of all, be honest about her suspicions. Because she put quotation marks around the word “friendship,” it would be wise for her to review the facts she has and explore why she doubts that this is only friendship.
Don’t jump to conclusions and really hone in on the observable information about her husband’s behavior– in general and in connection with his friend. What does she see when she honestly looks at the facts?
Outbursts and emotional eruptions often come from feeling afraid (of losing the relationship or of being betrayed)and unsupported. When our reader recognizes that she’s jealous of the time and attention her husband is giving his friend, she can take a deep breath and ask herself what she needs right now.
She can become her biggest ally in not just calming down, but in choosing to create a trusting and healthy relationship as well. For her, this might mean finding out whether there’s any proof to support her suspicions and, if there is, to decide what she’ll stay in or leave her marriage.
If there is no proof, being her own biggest ally might mean that this woman gets clearer about why her husband’s friendship feels threatening to her and then make some changes in how she thinks and acts.
You can become your own biggest ally too!
When your jealousy feels like it’s about to boil over, stop and ask

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.152733
Retrieved Text: Why for us, the women.... friendship is harder to keep as we age?
I wonder why it's so easy for my hubby to organise or attend all the get-togethers with friends so frequently but me as a woman, as a wife and mother it is a task. I feel friendship is a unique relationship as we choose our friends ourselves but as we age it stands at the bottom of the hierarchy of relationships unlike the other voluntary relationships like family, marriage, and love. You wouldn’t go months without speaking to or be seeing your significant ones like your parents, spouse or kids but you might go that long without contacting a friend.
Especially for women, getting married is an important chapter which tends to bring in the huge amount of change and responsibilities towards your house, in-laws, spouse and other family members.You are devoted to everyone and forget to live YOUR life. Though marriage is a joyous life event, it certainly deserves a great amount of your time and attention which tends to loosen the threads of friendship.
Bringing a little bundle of love into the world changes things as well. Kids especially when are young requires 24*7 maintenance deals. Your focus is no longer on yourself, but on your little one instead. Time starts to run short of one life in caring your little one and takes over your friendship.
Even if you are working, the friendship with your colleagues at the work place is generally short lived. When you are working together, spending a lot of working

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.880964
Retrieved Text: Married men have to interact with other women at work and school, but these interactions need to be respectful.
Intimacy with another women should be avoided at all costs. A married man's best friend should be his wife, and the ONLY woman with whom he has intimate conversations. His wife should be the most important woman in his life, no exceptions.
1. "I'm need a good friend to talk to"
If the conversation is too intimate, it creates a closeness that should not exist. If a man needs a friend to talk to, his wife is the best person to do that.
2. "My wife and I haven't been intimate in a long time"
A married man should never talk about this subject to anybody, especially another woman. If you feel frustrated, talk with your wife and try to work it out together.
3. "My wife and I don't get along very well"
At some point, you two got along, that's why you decided to get married. If your marriage is going through a rough patch, remember the good times and get closer to your wife - not to another woman.
4. "Yesterday, my wife and I had a huge fight"
No one needs to know that.
5. "I'm glad to have you near me"
This type of compliment makes it clear that you are interested in another woman and that you need her. A married man should never have this type of friendship with another woman.
6. "I am stressed out. Do you want to go out later?"
Hanging out with another woman alone is disrespectful to your

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.829948
Retrieved Text: Translation:The old Egyptian woman does not eat beside the expensive hotel.
Really? Is it correct one? Why not the "The old Egyptian woman eats beside the NOT expensive hotel"
Your sentence negates the adjective. The same construction in Hungarian would be: "... a nem drága szálloda mellett ..."
Isn't idős also elderly? Why isn't it accepted?
Idö= elderly was not accepted here. In another exercise it was.
It is accepted for me now. 28.10.2018.
I tried to type 'lady' but that was not accepted. old lady is more polite than old woman.
"Nálad eszik az a macska?"

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.780146
Retrieved Text: Jupiter in Relationship Astrology: How do this laid back guy and this firebrand woman get along in reality, though? Your post could have been avout the last Aries man I dated. Traits of a Leo Man. Help me to understand my Aries man and what should I do about our relationship. Myself, no children and a libra dating aries woman He automatically takes the lead physically, but she at times may want to control the situation through her ideas.
I want him desperately no doubt but libra dating aries woman it right? He does thing that make me think he is madly in love with me and never acts on it. Especially when Pisces transitions into Aries. Cook food at home and save money from eating out at restaurants. The one with his heart is who win? Show some of your famous independence. I've known my Libra man for 6 yrs plus and we were 2gether for about 4 months day and night for those months.
LI-AR (libra-aries) by: CGmiami I soleyly understand all comments and appreciate them. My situation is so similar to most. Dating a aries man w/several children, not a typical job (basically on call). Myself, no children and a regular Even when the Aries woman is dating the Libra man, she will need to control her tongue to maintain their friendship. Else everything will go down the drain. Else everything will go down the drain. But the Aries woman is fiercely loyal, and the . Aries and Libra are directly opposite one another in

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.720018
Retrieved Text: LITITZ, LANCASTER COUNTY, Pa. -- Over a dozen people are left without a place to sleep after a fire rips through an apartment building in Lancaster County.
Fire officials say a preliminary investigation revealed the fire at ‘Old Mill Apartments’ in Ephrata started after a carelessly discarded cigarette sparked and spread throughout ten of its units, three of them home to people living with disabilities.
“They’ve lost everything, they’ve lost their home, they’ve lost their belongings," said Gwen Schuit, CEO at Friendship Community.
Schuit, who runs 'Friendship Community' says her organization helps people with disabilities with their daily needs, adding that they rent out one of those apartment units.
Kayla Moss, who is one of their caregivers, was working when she got a call that the apartment was on fire.
“They’re disabled, they don’t know what’s going on and they had no idea why we weren’t allowed to go home? They kept asking why are aren’t we going home, I want to go home and we couldn’t, we weren’t allowed," said Moss. “They’re really heartbroken," she added.
Robert Madeira lives on the first floor. He says he experienced severe water damage to his place, but considers himself lucky.
“It’s a problem, but hey, it’s not much compared to a lot of other people," said Madeira.
“I stayed with a friend last night and tonight I am not sure yet but the insurance company is supposed to pick up a hotel for the near future if I want it until I find something else," he added.
FOX43 reached out to the owner of the apartment complex

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.690538
Retrieved Text: Well I think that lot of woman does their best to impress a hot guy around just like Tanya did in to impress Rehan. This book really is about different kinds of love and a celebration of friendship. But when Cassidy agrees to take care of her niece's beloved pet frog, little does she know just how much her life is about to change. Take I Kissed A Frog. As I grew older, I added a few more humour writers to my personal book shelves: Woody Allen, James Thurber, George Mikes, Richard Armour and Gerald Durrell, to name a few. The writer over here presents women in a bad light despite being a woman herself also she doesn't spare men either. The diary style in which Best Friends and Boyfriends see who comes first here and Diet Wars were written reminded me of Bridget Jones Diary, casual almost to the point of flippancy, but they kept me laughing so no worries.
Most of the time, this knowledge leads to bitterness and disillusionment. You mention in the book that some of the stories were published earlier in magazines and websites, and that you made changes to them before they went into I Kissed A Frog. Read it to really know how this woman triumphs. Well, perhaps some girls are, but those are certainly not the girls youll meet in I Kissed a Frog a collection of wacky short stories, tongue-in-cheek diaries and not so grim twenty-first century fairy tales that turn love and friendship inside out and upside

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.378323
Retrieved Text: Learn from failed friendships so that you can develop new friends and avoid similar situations.
Losing a friend can be emotional and difficult, but you have to come to terms with the reality of it eventually. If you and a friend have problems or differences that can't be reconciled, it may be easier to let the friend go than to hold onto a friendship that isn't working. Learn how to move on and accept that a friendship is over by reminding yourself of why it fell apart in the first place and surrounding yourself with positive people.
Write down all of the rifts between you that made the friendship fall apart. Reminding yourself why the friendship didn't work will help you cope with losing the person.
Talk with the person about why the friendship ended. Say everything you need to say to him. Don't hold anything back, or you may regret it. This will help you to get closure.
Get rid of items that remind you of the person. For instance, take down pictures of the two of you and remove the souvenirs from that concert you attended together from your shelf. This will ease your pain and help you forget about the person. Keep fond memories in a box somewhere out of sight, as you may regret throwing these items away in haste or anger.
Avoid going places where your old friend frequents, as it may be awkward and uncomfortable to see him.
Avoid hanging out with people your old friend hangs out with, as this tends to cause drama and

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.265678
Retrieved Text: In almost every friendship group, there will be one guy who regularly gets shirtless where no one else would. But why? What is his motivation?
Black boys have to bury their emotions as they face off against racism and chase machismo.
Tonight on 'WOMAN,' we travel to the Central American nation to investigate why hundreds of women die each year at the hands of their husbands and boyfriends.
A new survey shows that 87 percent of Russians support Vladimir Putin, but does that mean he's actually beloved by his people?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.262028
Retrieved Text: You're a victim of domestic violence and you've finally decided to get help. You need to get out. Now. You contact the Monroe County Department of Human and Health Services and you and your children are sent to... the Cadillac Hotel?!
"That place is horrible. That's the last place you want to send a battered woman," says county legislator Carla Palumbo. "That's the sleazeball zone --- drug addicts... It's just horrifying."
"Sometimes they end up at the Cadillac Hotel because [the county] didn't call us to get the woman in, to see if we have a bed," says Cathy Mazzotta, executive director of Alternatives for Battered Women. "If they've called us and there's no openings, then we'll work with them to do the alternative, which, in very extreme circumstances, would be the Cadillac."
The bright bank of artificial flowers in the hotel lobby is a shock of color imprisoned by dingy wood walls and a carpet dotted with discarded gum.
A woman leans over the counter, engaged in conversation with a hotel clerk on the travails of pop star Michael Jackson.
"Why do people continue to leave their children with him?" she asks.
"Because they want him to molest them," the clerk responds. "It's big bucks!"
The clerk's partner behind the desk --- his back turned toward the lobby --- smokes despite the red "No Smoking" sign on the wall a few feet away.
Everyone who applies for public assistance from DHHS is screened for domestic violence, but the problem might not surface in the interview.
The county uses the hotel at 45 Chestnut Street

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.17367
Retrieved Text: Friendship in Manchester. Do you want to meet new people? Make new friends on Skokka.com. Don't be scared. Find friends near you. Meet woman and men who are looking for true friendship. Find someone near you to hang out and have a good time. Meet people that will fit your personality. Let's go one sptep more of online friends and dare to meet people around your city. Skokka offers you a lot of real ads of people looking for friends. If you dont' find the accurate for you, just post yours for free.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 21.144966
Retrieved Text: If I were to ask you what is your definition of a friend or friendship what would you say? Would it relate to this definition found in Noah Webster’s dictionary of 1828?
1: A familiar knowledge; a state of being acquainted, or of having intimate or more than slight or superficial knowledge. Sometimes it denotes a more slight knowledge.
2: A person or persons well known; usually person we have been accustomed to see and converse with; sometimes persons more slightly known.
1: One who keeps company with another; one with whom a person frequently associates, and converses.
2: One who accompanies another; as two persons meeting casually and traveling together are called companions. So soldiers are called companions in arms.
Are you thinking right now as you read that: Yes, that sounds right and maybe a list of names is coming to mind. But what does the bible say about friends?
Does this open your eyes some and your heart. Do some of the people who were coming to mind earlier as friends still fit with these verses, do any of them? Is there anything in these verses you cannot see them doing for you or that you cannot see yourself doing for them? What kind of a friend are you? There is a vast difference between knowing someone well and being a true friend. The greatest evidence of genuine friendship is loyalty – being available to help in times of distress or personal struggles. Too many people are fair-weather friends. They stick around when the friendship helps them and leave

########
Rank: 15
Score: 21.016407
Retrieved Text: What are the hours for the Opryland shuttle? When is the last shuttle back from Opryland to the hotel?
I believe it is on the half hour and the last one leaves the opryland hotel around 930. If you miss it, you call the front desk. It is about an 8 minute walk from opryland hotel to grand ole opry. Btw, the Hampton Inn is fabulous. Love bug runs the breakfast room. Sweetest woman on the planet. Everyone is so nice there, enjoy!!
Was wondering about the shuttle bus service there. Where does it go, how much and what are the hours ?? Plus how do you arrange for it ?? Thanks in Advance !!!!
It’s a free shuttle that runs about every 30 minutes. It goes to a main entrance at Opryland. To go TO Opryland you have to let the front desk know what time you want to go then be in the lobby a few minutes before. To come back, you just go to where the shuttle dropped you off and wait for it.
Wondering what the breakfast hours are ??
Can you walk to Grand ole opry or is there a shuttle going there? Airport shuttle?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.982542
Retrieved Text: Will My Long-Distance Friendship Last?
Your BFF doesn't have to live in the same state as you. In fact, she may live in a totally different country. And just because you don't see each other every week, doesn't mean you're not best friends forever.
Long-distance friends don't have to talk every day to know their bond is strong AF. If your friendship withstands time and distance, you know this friendship is one you want to hold on to. Needless to say, if this chick can answer any of these 10 questions thrown at her, she gets a gold star. If she fails, you really need to mark off some time on both of your calendars to really get to know each other better... because your friendship may not last.
1. "Who is your bestie dating?"
Your BFF has to know the skinny on your love life. It's the juiciest gossip you guys dish about over the phone. Whether you're dating or you're single, she knows the whole lowdown. Even if she can't be there to be the best wing woman ever, she still sheds her support and honest opinion.
2. "Where does she live?"
Yes, your BFF doesn't live in the same state as you, but does she know exactly where you live? If she cannot answer this simple question, she most likely hasn't been paying attention. It can definitely get hard with a friend who's all about that travel lifestyle, but keeping tabs on a best friend is so important, and it shows you care.
You may have moved to a different

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.973589
Retrieved Text: Due to health problems I ONLY SEEK FRIENDSHIP BY MAIL AND ONLY BY MAIL .NO WSAPP BY THE MOMENT,with heterosexual woman, educated and respectful cultured which likes reading, , gardening, dogs and aquarium fish and pond fish, music (No cumbia, no reggeaeaeton), interested in her inner personal and spiritual development. God`s fearing that can speak at least one foreign language.
With a great sense of humor naive, sarcastic, ironic, Laugh with people and never of them.
I would especially like to find a hypersensitive woman. an H.S.P. person.like me.(Is not an illness) (type H.S.P. in your Searching Engine please.I am begging you. Do it please.
An H.S.P. woman (Highly Sensitive Person) who practices meditation and / or yoga, both or similar disciplines.
Do not use mail as a therapy, zero politics, zero ponography.
READY TO REJECT AND DISCRIMINATE ME WITH CURSE WORDS?
I am extremely overweight, I have hypotyroidism., under medical treatment with a psychiatrist and a psychologist. I have bone decalcification so I am using dental prothesis I have depression,phobias and panic attacks and I tried to commit suicide.
Why do you want to ruin your life with a man like me?
SO IF YOU STILL INTERESTED IN ME AFTER READING MY DESCRIPTION .COULD LET US TRY WHERE FRIENDSHIP LEAD US?.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.939808
Retrieved Text: Hi! My name is Steffon. I am separated spiritual but not religious black man without kids from Burlington, Ontario, Canada. Now I'm looking for new relationships. I want to meet a woman, love of my life.
Hi! My name is Tattooedjeepguy. I am never married spiritual but not religious white man without kids from Burlington, Ontario, Canada. Now I'm looking for new relationships. I want to meet a woman, love of my life.
Hi! My name is Kinpadel. I am never married spiritual but not religious white man without kids from Burlington, Ontario, Canada. Now I'm looking for new relationships. I want to meet a woman, love of my life.
289-707-2021 text me if u want, don’t send messages here pls.
Hi! My name is Bomberos. I am separated spiritual but not religious white man without kids from Burlington, Ontario, Canada. Now I'm looking for new relationships. I want to meet a woman, love of my life.
Wanna date some single sikh in Burlington, Ontario, Canada but don’t know where to start? Give it a go with online dating. You can easily search for in your area and pick the best ones. Find friendship, short romance or a long-term relationship. Chat with your matches online and go on dates in real life.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.901705
Retrieved Text: Video: Will Smith Explains Why He Turned Down Being Neo In The Matrix!
Will Smith Explains Why He Turned Down Being Neo In The Matrix!
Nipsey Hussle Explains Why He Didn't Like DJ Akademiks! "He Does Not Respect Our Culture"
Stephen Colbert Goes In On Trump So Hard He's Being Investigated By The FCC!
Dave Chappelle Explains Why He Has A No Phone Policy At His Shows!
Floyd Mayweather Explains The Difference Between Himself & Other Fighters, Why He Sleeps Until 2:30PM & More!
Come Get Your Dog: Sheba Gotta Go In The Cage Next Time Guests Come Over! "Why Is He Doing This?!"
Just Sad: Dude Explains How He Stayed With His Unfaithful Woman Only For Her To Continue Cheating & Trash His Property!
Nailed It: Bill Burr Explains Why He Hates Black Friday!
Kenneka Jenkins Was Allegedly Being Followed In The Hotel By Two People!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.803104
Retrieved Text: What is more, locals here are a perfect choice both for a fun adventure and serious gree. You will never forget warm and inspiring evenings near the sea. Certainly, with all the atmosphere of an ancient culture and free online dating in greece views, your experience will stick in your memory. However, having relationships with singles from Greece is not only about some temporary romance. On the contrary, locals here are very serious when they find the one.
Datung to mention the fact that they manage to save the romance through their whole life living together. If you want to discover more about love and friendship with Greeks, turn to free online dating Cupid! Greece dating sites is an adting place where you can singles who will take your breath away. Why it happens that Greeks are so cool? Here are some facts why:. Are you looking for an easy and effective way to connect with new people and find your true love?
Greece online dating with Cupid has it all. Our service for its part does its best to help you. All successful relationships start when people see eye-to-eye with each other. Yes, there is — communicate more. Find your special one in Greece, because you can! As the God of Love, I know what it takes to put a woman under my spell.
Datinv you need is a little confidence, charisma, and charm to pull dating my dad article in. We decided to ask Cupid. So, what is equally important for men and women? Men are usually

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.788347
Retrieved Text: Jessica Greyson: Valentine Book Lover Link Up!
Since we are going to be asking the authors questions until Valentine's day! I thought it would be a great time to ask all of you some! So here you go, feel free to link up at the bottom so we can see your answers!
What book do you love but everyone else seems to hate (or dislike)?
What book does everyone else seem to love, but you just can’t get into?
Love in books—love or hate it?
What is your favorite friendship/brotherhood/sisterhood in a book?
Do you “ship” couple when you read? What are some of your favorite ships—that sailed or didn’t?
Do you still exchange Valentines?
Your favorite Valentine gift, chocolate, flowers or something else? Chocolate, dark, milk, white—other?
Your personal views on Valentine’s day?
Favorite romantic gesture in a book?
Do you have a favorite “romantic movie” for that you like to watch?
Favorite Literary couple and why?
Favorite opinion about love from a Character? (like Jo in little woman...to her it was an awful idea).

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.729536
Retrieved Text: July 22, 2015 By Beth | Heads up: Buying via our links may result in us getting a commission. Here's why.
I am wondering if you have any advice on trying to move a friendship into something more romantic.
This wonderful girl came to work for my company and ever since she walked in the door I have thought she was absolutely amazing. We share many similarities in our interests, sense of humor, and professional aspirations. In the year that we have worked together we have become friends, spending time with other groups of colleagues as well as with each other’s friends in groups, but we have kept our one-on-one alone time very limited.
I never pursued a romantic relationship with her since we work together, and she reports to me in a number of instances. But now? The situation is changing. We’re both leaving our current company and moving on to separate jobs.
I would love to move things in a more romantic direction, but I have the age old dilemma of risking the friendship. How do I approach this situation with the possibility of preserving a friendship should I get rejected?
Good call on keeping things strictly friendly with this lady thus far. It is all kinds of complicated (and often forbidden) to get involved with a subordinate. Waiting it out was the right thing to do.
You: I was wondering if you’d like to go on a date with me.
Her: Oh…um…I’m sorry, I don’t feel that way about you.
You: No, me neither, just kidding.
Once you ask her out or

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.724213
Retrieved Text: Anytime I get the chance to talk to a woman who has been married for some years, I love to pick her brain for words of insight. Recently I had the chance to chat with a woman who had been married for 46 years. I asked her what was the key to their longevity in marriage; She simply told me commitment throughout the good and the bad.
I followed up and told her that my generation doesn’t necessarily love by that rule anymore. There seems to be universal encouragement telling us to obey the impulse to jump ship anytime we feel uncomfortable, unsure, bored, unstimulated, or tired in a relationship. Here in 2015 we choose to walk away from things that present themselves to be too much of a challenge for our willpower, or our patience. Everything has to bring instant gratification and if it doesn’t then we don’t want it anymore. This isn’t only observable in relationships but also in our day-to-day routines. In college, classes are dropped and majors are changed after one bad grade or one bad test; in friendships people are left behind after one passionate disagreement; and even with employment people will quit after one bad experience. Many people in my generation lack the ability to remain steadfast in their efforts, while staring in the face of tough circumstance.
I have no doubt that today’s relationships continue to be a series of short-lived pleasures, because we live in a culture that doesn’t know commitment past dark times. My highest recommendation to any young

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.571198
Retrieved Text: Citibank philippines, pitcairn, we'll note that stood out of matching with millions of my argentine. Plus, hundreds of marriages than any other dating app in the website in serbia but with dating app maker's country of our planet. Philippines, bi, 000 mormons have used mutual, trans, for. Facebook is the philippine embassy/consulate general, hornet is the philippines. With the superstar of lesbians have used mutual is a time. You know how to use dating app to me to me on your visa interview date of you know which can. A match has key features like ok cupid, humboldt-universität berlin - want to. Want to cancel or for gay, which are currently the most used in serbia but with links listed on romance video chat. My biggest dating for an application 'mobile app' made by 23 points out which are using these apps all over the priority date1.
Many have used dating site online dating app that it is a single woman who share your perfect gay dating app where girls and friendship-seekers. There seems to experts on a free and android mobile app that his. Turns out of the most to answer: swipe left for others in japan. Want to be a signatory to your flight hotel in. Meet thousands of those dating app markets, over 70 local girls and only popular and just a membership base of 438 singles in philippines. You will be known as no single, why most popular among college students. If asked, mobile app for the perception of, there's a look at

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.55773
Retrieved Text: i am david : Blackbird & Company... Literature guides and more!
What instructions does the man give to David?
What article does David request from the man?
What has David desired to do since he was little?
What does David realize after reaching the thicket?
What memory enters Davidâ€™s mind while riding in the back of the truck?
While on the boat, what does David realize that causes him to be filled with loneliness?
By the end of chapter one, what does David desire?
As David prepares himself to interact with people, what does he realize he must have?
When David assesses his situation, what advantages and disadvantages does he think he has?
What belief grows stronger for David with the passing of time?
What important article does David lose?
What god does David choose and how does he choose?
When David meets the man and woman on the road, why does he want to know if the country they come from has a king?
What observation does the woman make about David?
What two reasons does David have for wanting to find a mirror?
What could David no longer think of giving up?
What two things does David ask God for?
In chapter 4, what strange new sound does David hear?
When David is being attacked by Carlo, why doesnâ€™t he defend himself?
What does David realize he is doing for the first time after he rescues Maria?
What is David learning about language and the use of words?
Why does David ask for a book that was published before 1917?
What does David decide about Carlo and why?
Which of the children does David feel most at ease

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.536879
Retrieved Text: Want a real encounter with a Russian woman? Visit PrivetVip. The benefits this site offers are numerous.
Profiles of pretty women from Ukraine or Russia, carefully selected and verified in advance, ready for a real love story.
Direct contact by chat or e-mail. These are just outlines of what people can expect from the site when they become members. Not interested in a single adventure? PrivetVip is the perfect place to meet the love of your life.
It could be a simple friendship or true love, what’s important is that everyone has the same access to the site's resources. For this reason, registration is free.
PrivetVip is NOT a wedding agency.
All over this Russian dating site, you chat directly with beautiful single Russian woman by email or via our messenger.
Go ahead, try it out ... REGISTRATION IS FREE!
Russian women are often the subject of male fantasies. A Russian wedding is now possible, through the site PrivetVip. Many men who have already achieved their dreams attest to this. But to get to marriage, one must go through a few steps: the first being to register. Registration is completely free! After you have registered, you may choose to get to know one or more people through instant messaging. Your choice will be refined little-by-little with more in-depth discussions enabling you to adapt your selection in order to find your "ideal" mate. After this first phase of instant messaging, you can arrange a "face to face" meeting. Marriage is possible after going through these initial steps.
Who has not heard of the beauty of

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.401505
Retrieved Text: the woman stands in the darkness outside the restaurant and looks down the street and across the extensive roadworks. she is crying. the woman is crying. she looks down into the dark town into the dark town centre she looks down at the main square of her town late at night. she looks down at the main square and sees nobody the woman sees nobody. she sees no human being. the woman cries looks at the roadworks and at the town centre and sees no human being. there is no-one there no man there no woman. they are all gone disappeared there is no-one. crying the woman sees no human being. crying she stands outside the restaurant looks into the dark town and sees no human being. she stands and cries. the woman stands there crying. in the darkness late at night the woman stands outside the restaurant looks across the building site at the central square in her town and cries. there is no-one, no man no woman no-one. late at night the woman stands outside the restaurant looks down at the roadworks at the main square of her town and cries. here there is no-one any more. she thinks of her friends now no longer her friends recognizes her lack of friends recognition all of a sudden: me just me. there is no man no woman no man they are all gone there is nobody no man no woman nobody. the woman walks. she walks past the roadworks down to the main square and

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.289417
Retrieved Text: This is Friendship Seven. Am I in contact with anyone? Over.
This has been going on since about 1 plus 15. Over. Just after I remarked about the sunset. I looked back up and looked out the window, and all the little swirl of particles was going by. Over.
This is Friendship Seven. This is Friendship Seven, broadcasting in the blind again on HF.
This is Friendship Seven, broadcasting in the blind. Sunrise has come up behind in the periscope. It was brilliant in the scope, a brilliant red as it approached the horizon and came up; and just as the—as I looked back up out the window, I had literally thousands of small, luminous particles swirling around the capsule and going away from me at maybe 3 to 5 miles per hour. Now that I am out in the bright sun, they seem to have disappeared. It was just as the sun was coming up. I can still see just a few of them now, even though the sun is up some 20° above the horizon.
Friendship Seven, Friendship Seven. This is Guaymas Com Tech, Guaymas Com Tech, transmitting on HF-UHF. Do you read? Over.
Hello, Guaymas Com Tech, Guaymas Com Tech. This is Friendship Seven. Receive your HF loud and clear. How me? Over.
Friendship Seven, Friendship Seven. This is Guaymas Cap Com. You're little garbled right now, but understandable. What is, what is your status? Over.
This is Friendship Seven on HF. My status is excellent. Everything is going according to plan. Control fuel is 90-100 [percent], oxygen is 72-101

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.272444
Retrieved Text: Hi! My name is Graeme. I am never married spiritual but not religious white man without kids from Kitchener, Ontario, Canada. Now I'm looking for new relationships. I want to meet a woman, love of my life.
Hi! My name is Happydude. I am divorced spiritual but not religious white man without kids from Kitchener, Ontario, Canada. Now I'm looking for new relationships. I want to meet a woman, love of my life.
Hi! My name is Mxrz. I am never married spiritual but not religious white man without kids from Kitchener, Ontario, Canada. Now I'm looking for new relationships. I want to meet a woman, love of my life.
Hi! My name is Kylewood. I am separated spiritual but not religious native american man without kids from Kitchener, Ontario, Canada. Now I'm looking for new relationships. I want to meet a woman, love of my life.
Hi! My name is Alex. I am never married spiritual but not religious white woman without kids from Kitchener, Ontario, Canada. Now I'm looking for new relationships. I want to meet a woman, love of my life.
Hi! My name is Leafy. I am never married spiritual but not religious white man without kids from Kitchener, Ontario, Canada. Now I'm looking for new relationships. I want to meet a woman, love of my life.
Hi! My name is Kitkaty. I am never married spiritual but not religious white woman without kids from Kitchener, Ontario, Canada. Now I'm looking for new relationships. I want to meet a woman, love of my life.
Wanna date some single sikh

================



======= Instance Index 30 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Hi, John! I'd like to invite you to dinner this evening.

M: To dinner? What for?

W: I have passed my driving test!

M: Congratulations! I'm really glad to hear that.

W: Thank you! I have been preparing for it for half a year, you know. And I've made it at last.

M: So, where shall we have our dinner?

W: How about the Friendship Hotel? I like the food and service there.

M: I agree. I'll take you there in my car.

W: Fine. Let's go at half past six.

Question: How will the two speakers go to the Friendship Hotel? 

- By Car.

- By taxi.

- By bike.

Target Text: By Car.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.191263
Retrieved Text: Another project launched within the Limak Foundation in 2016, Limak Talks, aims to contribute to the development of community education through a platform hosted by academicians, writers and speakers.
The first one of the Limak Talks, was held at Ankara Hotel on 3 December 2016 in Ankara High Speed Train Station. The guest speaker was author, mother, creative director Şebnem Çarkacı, who has built a wide network and friendship with many mothers and expectant mothers, and the event was watched by an audience of approximately 500. The two-hour presentation of Çarkacı, who relayed her experiences regarding the roles of mothers and parents during the development of children and the personal developments of children, was watched with interest.
© 2016 Limak Holding. All rights reserved.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.950089
Retrieved Text: This is Friendship Seven. Am I in contact with anyone? Over.
This has been going on since about 1 plus 15. Over. Just after I remarked about the sunset. I looked back up and looked out the window, and all the little swirl of particles was going by. Over.
This is Friendship Seven. This is Friendship Seven, broadcasting in the blind again on HF.
This is Friendship Seven, broadcasting in the blind. Sunrise has come up behind in the periscope. It was brilliant in the scope, a brilliant red as it approached the horizon and came up; and just as the—as I looked back up out the window, I had literally thousands of small, luminous particles swirling around the capsule and going away from me at maybe 3 to 5 miles per hour. Now that I am out in the bright sun, they seem to have disappeared. It was just as the sun was coming up. I can still see just a few of them now, even though the sun is up some 20° above the horizon.
Friendship Seven, Friendship Seven. This is Guaymas Com Tech, Guaymas Com Tech, transmitting on HF-UHF. Do you read? Over.
Hello, Guaymas Com Tech, Guaymas Com Tech. This is Friendship Seven. Receive your HF loud and clear. How me? Over.
Friendship Seven, Friendship Seven. This is Guaymas Cap Com. You're little garbled right now, but understandable. What is, what is your status? Over.
This is Friendship Seven on HF. My status is excellent. Everything is going according to plan. Control fuel is 90-100 [percent], oxygen is 72-101

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.834778
Retrieved Text: President Jane Hart-Simmons with Lawrie, Penelope Pilley, William Anidjar-Serfaty, Jennifer and Roger Stentiford attended the District 1120 Conference in Eastbourne. I wish every member could have been there with us !! Such an interesting and uplifting experience.
After checking into the Devon Park Hotel Jane, Jennifer, William and Penny attended the Floral Hall for a night of entertainment and dancing.
After breakfast at the hotel, a full programme of speakers awaited us.
In between Speakers we just had to sample the fish and chips – delicious!!
This year we were invited to join RC Bromley for an Italian meal on Saturday evening. A super meal organised by President Phil Coady and enjoyed by all.
More inspirational Speakers on Sunday morning (programme and Speaker details on the links below) with time to visit the Hall of Friendship to make helpful contacts. Thanks to Dave Hatcher of Shelterbox for providing items to update our boxes and many others – too numerous to mention – for all their assistance and provision of banners etc etc. Some friendly faces we will see again soon when RC Dover visit next month and some are busy organising a future raid.
Sunday afternoon Jane, Lawrie and Penny travelled to East Croydon to visit PP Tony Nation and his wife Ann. Tony was presented with a picture gift from RC Gibraltar.
A big thank you to Tony and Ann for their hospitality and for taking us to London to visit Tower Hill to see the famous poppy display having travelled by boat up the Thames.
Really looking forward to next years conference

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.777498
Retrieved Text: The Great Escape (TGE) has announced details regarding this year’s conference programme, including initial speakers, daily itineraries and music industry partners. The event will take place from 8 to 11 May in Brighton, UK.
Speakers will share insights, case studies and opinions related to the festival’s three key themes for 2019: music education, digital dollars and music marketing. The first 40 speakers include Virgin EMI Records’ Andy Knox, Insanity Group founder and chief executive Andy Varley, Fuga founder Dorothee Imhoff, Live Nation’s Jackie Wilgar and Warner Music’s Tim Fraser-Harding.
CMU Insights will launch three pieces of original research during TGE, including the first report from the ‘Redefining Music Education’ project, a ‘Song Royalties Guide’ explaining how artists are paid by streaming platforms and ‘Rethinking Music Marketing’, a new report examining the evolution of music marketing companies in the streaming era.
At the heart of the conference are three full-day strands, each one focused on a different key theme and ending with a one-on-one interview. TGE has announced that Cassandra Gracey, president of Sony Music’s 4th Floor Creative division, will conclude the strand on music marketing.
TGE have confirmed 68 music industry partners, including BBC Music, AIM, The Box Fresh Network, Clash and Dork. Two of the partners, Believe and Julie’s Bicycle, have teamed up with TGE to stage a charity bike ride from London to Brighton this year.
The bike ride will raise money for London-based NGO Julie’s Bicycle, empowering the creative community to take action on climate change and environmental sustainability. The money raised will go towards their Green Rider

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.540915
Retrieved Text: The African Society of Dentistry and Implantology, the Conference of Deans of Dental Schools of Africa and the Egyptian Dental Association (EDA) are organizing the second edition of the African Congress of Dentistry &Implantology and the African Dental Expo from the 24th to the 27th of October 2018 in Marrakech, Morocco at Hotel Mogador Agdal Palace.
The scientific committee is instituted by the deans of dental schools of Africa, who are preparing for you a very rich and interesting scientific program. Speakers from Africa, Europe, America and Asia, displayed communications and workshops on all the fields of dentistry will be on program.
We will also be very happy to welcome once again the speakers of our scientific partners the SENAME and Open Dental Communityduring this second edition.
We are organizing in parallel with our congress the 3rd Conference of Deans of Dental Schools of Africa which counts today 42 members from 20 different African countries (South Africa, Senegal, Madagascar, DRC, Guinea, Mali, Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia, Egypt, Nigeria, Ivory Coast, Libya, Cameroun, Mauritania…).
The organization committee and the scientific committee of the ACDI and ADE 2018 are happy to welcome you to the biggest convention ever organized in our continent and make your stay in Marrakech unforgettable. So please dear friends be there for this encounter of African brotherhood and friendship.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.258997
Retrieved Text: I mean, let's think about it for a minute. A Friday night and Saturday hanging out with my best girl friends, in the peace and quiet of a hotel room. We get to hang out with other girls like us. If we want to sit quietly and read we can. If we want to go out to eat and laugh until we cry about "girl stuff," we can. We will be able to sleep the entire night without being woken up by any little ones. We can wake up when we're ready. We can take a shower AND go to the bathroom without being interrupted. We can get dressed, put on makeup and maybe even wear jewelry.
Seriously, what is that worth? All by itself.
And then you add to it amazing speakers like the Crockin' Girls (uh, they have over 675,000 likes on Facebook!). They have quite a bit of wisdom on the panel too - including the owner of a Christian counseling center and the children's pastor of Legacy church in Plano. There are other experts in their fields - education, adoption, party planning. No matter what breakout session you choose you'll be hearing from the best.
There are two ways to attend this event. For $79 you can come Friday night, attend a cooking demonstration by the Crockin' Girls and then an exclusive Meet-and-Greet with the founders and speakers. You can stay the night at the hotel for an additional $129. If you do, you'll be done in plenty of time to get extra rest, watch

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.228083
Retrieved Text: "Main Theme: Complications Prevention & Management "
On behalf of the Turkish Association for Endoscopic Laparoscopic Surgery (ELCD), it is our pleasure to welcome you to the 14th Endoscopic Laparoscopic Surgery Congress & MMESA (Mediterranean and Middle Eastern Endoscopic Surgery Association) Spring Meeting which will be held in Cyprus Limak Hotel, Babylon Congress Center, April 19-23, 2019.
Currently, the fastest and widespread change in surgical practice is in the field of minimally invasive surgery. Most of the surgeons in the world have great motivation to learn techniques of minimally invasive surgery and practice it. We would like to present a comprehensive program of the congress by being aware of these facts; how gained experiences and developments in technology are reflected in endoscopic, laparoscopic and robotic surgery practices, how we are going to achieve better results with the support of experienced speakers and you, estimated participants from our country and other countries in the mediterranean area.
We stated “Complications in Minimally Invasive Surgery” as the main theme of the congress, in order to direct the surgeons to focus on prevention and management of the complications which they are going to benefit from.
14th Congress of Turkish Association for Endoscopic and Laparoscopic Surgery & MMESA Spring 2109 Meeting will be a platform which makes all the colleagues to share their experiences and improve themselves, also it is going to develop the professional relationship and friendship between the surgeons from Mediterranean, Middle Eastern and European countries.
We would like to invite all our colleagues with our best regards and wishes.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.97477
Retrieved Text: The fact that our speakers’ amazing works are being translated into Romanian brings us great joy. After Leslie Jamison’s The Empathy Exams and John Freeman’s How To Read a Novelist have been so well received, it’s time for two other superstar speakers to be introduced to Romanian local shelves and readers: • Wendy MacNaughton’s illustrated story Lost Cat: A True Story of Love, Desperation, and GPS Technology, to be published soon at Editura Vellant, is a heartwarming memoir that recalls the time Wendy and her partner Caroline lost their cat, Tibia. The two worked together on it, with Wendy drawing and Caroline writing.
At our conference, Wendy will discuss her work and methodologies, and demonstrate how everyone can use illustration to tell better stories. Check the complete schedule. • Michael Paterniti, one of the most talented American storytellers, travelled the world in search of the most unusual stories, which he transformed into meditations on human nature. For his bestselling book, The Telling Room: A Tale of Love, Betrayal, Revenge, and the World’s Greatest Piece of Cheese, which will soon be available at Editura Publica (Colecția Narator), he moved to a remote Spanish village to write the story of the best piece of cheese in the world. It turned out to be more than a book about cheese; it became a story about family and tradition, about friendship and betrayal, and about how you live your life and what do you need to be happy.
At The Power of Storytelling, Michael will talk about projecting stories and how to

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.964455
Retrieved Text: May I distribute my company’s collaterals and materials during my session?
Not unless you are a paid sponsor. Instructions regarding collateral materials are emailed directly to exhibitors and sponsors as part of their sponsorship package. If you have any questions about distribution of materials, please contact [email protected].
What if I would like to use other technology?
Please let us know by December 1st or earlier so that we can determine if we can accommodate the technology. Please contact [email protected].
Is there an on-site location where I can relax or edit my presentation?
Where do I submit my bio and photo?
To submit your bio, and photo go to thedigitalmoneyforum.com and click “2018 Form Login” in the upper right hand corner of the page. If this is your first visit, create your account by typing the information into the New Users section. Returning speakers are required to create a new account each year.
Once your account is created, you’ll see an online form to submit your contact information, photo, bio, and other information. It’s important that you send this information to us as soon as possible, which will allow us to start promoting you on our website. This information is also used to register you for a CES Badge.
When and where will the Digital Money Forum be held?
The forum will take place on Tuesday, January 9, 2018, the Venetian, Level 4, Lando 4302. The Digital Money Form start at 8:00 a.m. and run until 5 PM.
How will you be using my bio and photo?
Your photo and a short version of your bio

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.750946
Retrieved Text: Did You Know? Taiwan has a fewer percentage of Christians than China: Taiwan (2-3%), China (6-8% and growing fast). Taiwan needs many more missionaries to help with evangelism and church planting. Taiwan has three major language groups: Taiwanese, Hakka, and Mandarin. New church-planters will need to decide which language to focus on. Taiwanese speakers comprise about 70 percent of the population, but only about 1 percent are professing Christians. Hakka speakers are about 12 percent of the population, but less than 1 percent are Christians. Of the Mandarin speakers, more are concentrated in the northern cities. Most are second generation Chinese immigrants, sometimes called "mainlanders" which make up fifteen percent of the population of Taiwan. But also many younger-generation Taiwanese of all ethnic groups speak mostly Mandarin because of their schooling.
Will join us in prayer for God to send more missionaries? Maybe as you pray, God will move your own heart to go.
Friendship Presbyterian Church in Taipei They are currently an independent church with separate English and Mandarin congregations, but they have a few satellite churches and may eventually form their own denomination in Taiwan.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.693272
Retrieved Text: It's impossible to predict the impact a person will make in your life. How could you, really?
The first time I met Lindsay, she stopped for a quick hello as she rushed through a hotel lobby wearing a dress I'm still coveting to this day. It was clear, in that brief encounter, as she stood out in a sea of golf shirts and and awful sports coats, she was the kind of human you wanted to know.
In the past two years our friendship has evolved from "is this neon orange pencil skirt OK to wear to my first day to work?" mirror selfies to an honest, supportive, real friendship. I look to her not only as my fashion adviser, but also as an example of hustle and creativity. Simply: she's a tremendous human.
When Lindsay's career took hard right I asked, "what can I do to help?"

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.570219
Retrieved Text: The Digital HR and Service Delivery Conference is a three-day conference in Nairobi, Kenya. Featured expert speakers include May Macaria, Dorcas Wainaina, Chris Tenga, Heather Parks, Ronnie Toerien, Dr. Rand Fand Rich, Dickson Onjukwu and Michael Leander.
The Nairobi Summit for Digital HR and Service Deliver brings high-level expert HR practitioners to work together with solution providers already engaged in the Digital HR workspace. The summit features a host of accomplished expert speakers from different parts of the world. Each will deliver powerful insight and inspiration specifically targeted to HR executives and practitioners.
The conference will look into the emerging changes in HR technology and how they are changing and influencing delivery and practice of HR from the old traditional strategies in a more fast paced and efficient way.
The first segment of the conference will work with HR Directors and Practitioners in reviewing the outlook of the Digital HR. The second segment will dive into solution providers and HR consultants where the attendees can review existing strategies and consultations.
Michael Leander will be delivering two keynotes on the last day of the conference – 22 September 2017.
Who Should Attend the Digital HR and Service Delivery Summit?
HR Practitioners with HR responsibilities seeking a fast-paced review of the role of HR in today’s rapidly-evolving workplace and who wish to broaden, sharpen and deepen their HR management and related competencies.
Go here to learn more about this summit taking place at Intercontinental Hotel in Nairobi, Kenya.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.511639
Retrieved Text: Two senior purchasing executives have joined the list of top-level speakers at the Automotive News Europe e-Business Conference that begins later this month in Strasbourg, France.
Rob Johnson, general manager, purchasing division, Toyota Motor Europe Manufacturing and Wolfgang Colberg, senior vice president, corporate purchasing and logistics at Robert Bosch, have been added to the program.
The conference is set for November 29-December 1 at the Strasbourg Hilton Hotel.
Johnson will join a roundtable discussion on how e-Business will be used to speed vehicle order-to-delivery times. The panel discussion on Thursday morning, November 1, will also include executives from Volvo, Fiat, BMW and Dell Computer Corp.
Colberg will address the conference on December 1. He will discuss how Bosch is using the web to manage its supply chain.
Previously announced speakers include: Eckhard Cordes, DaimlerChrysler management member responsible for corporate development and IT Management; David Thursfield, president of Ford of Europe; Jean-Baptiste Duran, head of purchasing at Renault; Jens Neumann, management board member of Volkswagen; Michael Bergmann, head of eGM Europe; Andre Navarri, CEO of Valeo; Andreas Renschler; president of Micro Compact Car, DaimlerChrysler's Smart car operations; Richard Radecki, Corporate Director e-Business Program Office, Delphi Automotive Systems.
For details and a full list of speakers, see Page 43.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.420996
Retrieved Text: 1.	What is the man?
A. servant.	B.	A waiter.	C.	A	director.
2.	What happened to Mary?
A.She missed the train. B. She took the wrong seat. C. She lost her wallet.
3.	How is the school now?
A.	It’s not as good as it was.
B.	It’s better than it used to be.
C.	It’s worse than people say.
4.	When will the movie start?
A.	At 10 o’clock.	B.	At 10： 30.	C.	At	10： 50.
5.	What did the woman advise the man to do?
A.	Go to see a doctor at once.
B.	Give up solving the problem.
C.	Be patient with the problem.
6.	Who sent the scarf to Tina?
A. Her mother.	B.	Her boyfriend.	C. Her brother.
7.	Where does Tina come from?
A. Sydney.	B.	London.	C. New York.
8.	Who are the two speakers?
A. Relatives. B.Neighbors. C. Classmates.
9.What will Li Hua do this Friday evening?
A. Sing at a concert.	B. Visit her uncle. C. Go to a concert.
10.How much is the ticket to the concert for students?
A. 100 yuan.	B. 498 yuan.	C. 598 yuan.
11.How long did it take to get to Greentown?
A. Two hours.	B. Seven hours. C. Seven hours and a half.
12.	What was the weather like on Saturday?
A. Cloudy.	B.	Rainy. C. Windy.
13.	How did the speaker like the school trip?
A.	Wonderful.	B.	Exciting.	C. Terrible.
14.	Where is the woman now?
A. In a market.	B. In a hotel.	C. In a street.
15.	What did the woman order for breakfast?
A. Sandwiches.	B. Milk.	C. Eggs.
16.	17.	18.	19.	20.
22.	Being good at reading	on people’s faces helps Bob get on well with his workmates.
23.	― Have you got all your textbooks?
―Don’t worry，mom. is left. They are all in my schoolbag.
25.	Very little in the house	after the big fire was put out.
26.	This is a five-star hotel，so you are not allowed to enter if you don’t dress	.
27.	I felt the cook lied because he	to avoid meeting my eyes.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.408499
Retrieved Text: Oliver Meinborn's graduation film from the International Film School Cologne TRANSIT screened at the Hofer Filmtage and won Best Short Film at the Wag Film Festival. A comedy, we watch the staid penny pincher Dieter and his Sherlock Holmes friend Ronan go on an unexpected road trip. Every man is an abyss, with the exception of Dieter (55). When out of the blue his wife Tamara takes off to Mont Saint Michel, leaving the endless repetition of their life together behind, Dieter is forced to leave the security of his row house cocoon for the first time. Aided by congenial vagabond and street philosopher Ronen (38), Dieter embarks on a journey that will confront him with the impossibility of escaping one's self.
Oliver Meinborns Abschlusskomödie der internationalen Filmschule Köln schickt den kleinbürgerlichen Pfennigfuchser Dieter und den Aushilfs-Sherlock Ronen auf einen ungeplanten Roadtrip. TRANSIT wurde bei den Hofer Filmtagen aufgeführt und beim Wag Film Festival als bester Kurzfilm ausgezeichnet. Jeder Mensch ist ein Abgrund, nur Dieter (55) nicht. Als seine Frau Tamara aus heiterem Himmel die endlose Wiederholung ihres gemeinsamen Lebens verlässt und nach Mont Saint Michel durchbrennt, muss Dieter das erste Mal den schützenden Kokon der Reihenhaus-Welt verlassen. Gemeinsam mit dem multitalentierten Vagabund und Straßen-Philosoph Ronen (38) begibt sich Dieter auf eine Reise, die ihn mit der Unmöglichkeit, sich selbst zu entkommen, konfrontiert.
GRAND HOTEL by Arild Fröhlich is a Norwegian drama/comedy about a pompous, aging alcoholic and a tourettes-inflicted ten-year-old boy who are forced to spend a week together at a high-end hotel. The only thing these

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.272308
Retrieved Text: Lexington Medical Center will host its annual “Women’s Night Out” on Tuesday, October 13, 2009 at the Embassy Suites hotel in Columbia. This popular event highlights October as National Breast Cancer Awareness Month.
There will be exhibits, a silent auction, dinner and a keynote speech. This year’s speakers are Jill Eikenberry and Michael Tucker, stars of NBC’s long-running hit TV show “L.A. Law.” Eikenberry, a breast cancer survivor, and Tucker are married. They will talk about her experience with breast cancer and how it impacted their relationship. Proceeds benefit the Cancer Care Fund at Lexington Medical Center, which provides cancer services to patients in need.
A breast cancer survivor from the Midlands will introduce the two speakers. This is the 7th year for the event. Approximately 400 people attend annually. Men are welcome, too.
Tickets are $35 each. The exhibits and silent auction begin at 5:00 p.m. Dinner is at 6:30 p.m. To order tickets, visit www.lexmed.com or call 803-936-8850.
Statistics show that 1 in 8 women will be diagnosed with breast cancer. Lexington Medical Center’s breast cancer program is nationally accredited by the American College of Radiology. Its services combine the latest technology with unsurpassed compassion.
Lexington Medical Center is using MammoSite Targeted Radiation Therapy, an innovative treatment that shortens treatment time and minimizes cosmetic changes. The hospital network has system-wide digital mammography, which can detect spots as small as a grain of sand. Lexington Medical Center offers “Five-Day Detection to Diagnosis,” which guarantees a doctor visit, tests, diagnosis and discussion of treatment options within five days of detecting a

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.202454
Retrieved Text: The First United Methodist Church is excited to welcome Pardeep Singh Kaleka and Arno Michaelis to Whitewater April 7 for a moving presentation and “hurt people, hurt people” focused youth activity. In these divisive times, two men from drastically different backgrounds, one Sikh and one skinhead, have come together on a mission to stop hate and share the power of forgiveness.
Together Pardeep and Arno will share the remarkable story of how their friendship grew out of a horrific hate crime, the Sikh Temple shooting in Oak Creek. Pardeep and Arno are authors of the acclaimed and moving book, The Gift of Our Wounds.
The public is invited to hear Pardeep and Arno on Sunday, April 7 at the United Methodist Church (145 South Prairie St, Whitewater, WI 53190). From 1:00-2:30 p.m. adults and youth alike are invited to hear from these powerful speakers in the church sanctuary. A brief reception will follow and from 3:00-5:00 p.m. students currently in eighth through twelfth grades are invited to attend a workshop, led by Pardeep and Arno, focused on active listening entitled “hurt people, hurt people.” Childcare is available for children four years old and under with 48 hours reservation to the First United Methodist Church: (262) 473-2131.
This is the first lecture in First United Methodist Church’s Draw the Circle Wide Lecture Series which works to annually bring powerful speakers focusing on social justice issues of interest to the Whitewater community.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.139557
Retrieved Text: Using eye-catching creative to increase awareness. CWT, the world’s leading corporate travel management company, recognized a multi-million dollar savings opportunity for their corporate clients if they could increase the rate at which business travelers booked hotel arrangements at the same time they booked their flight. Called “hotel attachment” this simple change in behavior by travelers not only offered the promise of corporate travel program savings, it also improved traveler safety and security and was far more convenient for travelers.
BFFs on the go. Our first “Better Together” campaign (above) featured a cheeky sendup of the enduring friendship and ubiquitous presence of “Air” and “Hotel” to grab travelers’ attention. It quickly became the quirky nudge millennial business travelers and road warriors needed to make the switch and book all their business travel arrangements at the same time. Based on the success from the first campaign, Spyglass was asked to do a refresh. The follow-up campaign (below) featured “Air” and “Hotel” on the go, using corny stock photography for humor, and proved to be another rousing success.
Winning the numbers game. The “Better Together” campaigns achieved 119% performance over goal, generating a rise in attachment by a whopping 10% in year one. In the process it helped CWT’s clients capture larger-than-expected savings.
CWT exceeded projected hotel attachment goals two years running.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.074533
Retrieved Text: Okay, so this is for all the Filipino-dialect speakers out there in the world (excluding myself cuz' my parents never taught me---ugh!). If you could, please translate the lyrics of the following song from Tagalog (or at least I think it's the dialect the song's in) to English, or explain to me the... show more Okay, so this is for all the Filipino-dialect speakers out there in the world (excluding myself cuz' my parents never taught me---ugh!).
If you could, please translate the lyrics of the following song from Tagalog (or at least I think it's the dialect the song's in) to English, or explain to me the meaning of it. Thanks!
Saan na napunta ang panahon?
Saan na nga ba, saan na nga ba?
Saan na nga ba'ng barkada ngayon?
They could not be stopped.
And even with little prodding they would sing.
Oh where did time go?
Oh what fun was our friendship.
The frienship was not gone.
Their friendship was sorely missed.
When we are together we have so much fun.
We are still friends now.
Korean song/lyric translation ---> English?
Tagalog to English Song Translation?
Turkish song lyrics english translation?
Song Lyrics/Translation: Korean to English?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.00344
Retrieved Text: On the sea of Cesenatico, safety for children with the private beach!
The 3 star Roxy Hotel & Beach is perfect for guests seeking the very best in relaxation and entertainment for their holiday by the seaside in Romagna.
The hotel’s many services and the warm management style of Marco, Romina and their family make it an ideal choice for guests with children (as well as other guests too, of course).
By simply exiting the hotel and walking down a short private path you will reach our private beach, or should we say “your” private beach? Without having to cross a single road, you will find yourself in the place you had been longing for, and finally you’ll be able to start your holiday by the seaside!
Our position, our swimming pool, our services for children and great attention to every detail, as well as the enthusiastic style of our hotel management, make us a perfect hotel for families, as proved by our affiliation with the Italy Family Hotel consortium.
Our swimming pool is a paradise for adults and children alike. Its two different depth levels make it ideal for everyone. It also hosts the afternoon activities of our mini-club, and is the perfect location for many other entertaining moments.
The 3 star Roxy Hotel & Beach is an ideal choice for all-inclusive holidays in Cesenatico: the full board formula in our restaurant (drinks included) is further enriched by use of our private beach and free parking. All you need to bring is your enthusiasm, we’ll take care of everything else!
Stay as

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.87133
Retrieved Text: Hi. I’m McKinley Frasier. An Auditor with a CPA firm, not my dream job, but it pays the bills and keeps a roof over our heads. I’m a mom to an adorable nine-year-old daughter, Tessa. I’ve cherished a lifetime friendship, and I’m single by choice. People may think I have my life together.
Hah! They’d be wrong. Right now I’m desperately ducking the creep who followed me to the hotel, this week’s client, Malcolm Brugman. Or should I say, fraudster?
And avoiding the ex-fiance who dumped me ten years ago, Renner Crossman, who happens to be staying in the same hotel. Why am I thinking about Renner Crossman now anyway? I haven’t thought of him in what? Two days? Not since his totally-off-the-radar phone message. Yeah, well, that apology was about ten years too late. Did he really think I wouldd come running to accept his face-to-face apology? As if!
So explain to me how I ended up wrapped in Renner’s strong arms, hearing his heart thump, and shivering when his breath whispered against my hair? What is it about him that latches on to my innermost dreams and desires and won’t let go? His grin? His have-no-cares-in-the-world attitude colliding with my organized, have-to-know-everything-beforehand outlook?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.832779
Retrieved Text: Welcome to the Titanic Speakers Bureau; the home of some of the foremost authorities, historians and authors of the RMS Titanic alive today. From Daniel Allen Butler, Lee W. Merideth, Bruce M. Caplan, Wade Sisson, Ken Rossignol, to Capt. E. J. Smith actor Lowell Lytle and the great-grand-daughter of the Unsinkable Molly Brown – Helen Benziger.
The Titanic Speakers Bureau will enable you to learn more about our wonderful speakers, read of their travels, books and views on one of the most enduring stories of all times and of perhaps the greatest sea disaster known to modern history – the voyage of the White Star Liner RMS Titanic.
Various speakers such as Tammy Knox and Robert W. Walker, are also fantasy and fiction writers with the ability to use their creative genius to bring the story of the Titanic alive using genres of horror and mysteries to enhance and develop the actual history of the ship.
Contact Ken Rossignol at 301 535 8624, ken.thechesapeake@gmail.com for rates for speakers. Typically, speakers charge between $800 and $2,000 depending on the arrangements. Air fare from speaker’s nearest airport to the event, transportation to hotel and to event as well as hotel rates apply. Helen Benziger travels with a service dog, who is quiet and enjoys attending formal dinners.
I have been to a number of Ken Rossignols talks on the of Titanic and enjoyed them very much they are well presented and very informative if you get the chance go along.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.817059
Retrieved Text: 19:00 pm Pick up you from your Sharm el Sheikh hotel and transfer to the airport.
Meet our English speaking guide and start your Cairo city tour.
Transfer to the hotel. Overnight in 4* The Oasis hotel.
21:00 pm In the morning pick up from your hotel and transfer to the airport.
Catch your flight to Luxor.
Meet our guide and start your city tour.
Visit to Memnon Colossus & Queen Hatshepsut temple.
The Valley of the Kings: visit to 3 different tombs opened to public.
Optional visit to King Tutankhamon real or fake tomb.
Visit to local bazaars or optional visit to Luxor temple.
Fly back to Sharm el Sheikh.
Our representative will meet you and transfer to your hotel.
Pick up and drop off from and to your hotel in Sharm el Sheikh.
Transfers by air conditioned car in Sharm el Sheikh, Cairo & Luxor.
Return flight tickets Sharm / Luxor / Cairo / Sharm.
Dbl accommodation in 4* The Oasis hotel in Cairo on BB basis.
Professional English speaking Egyptologist tour guide in Cairo & Luxor.
We do pick up from any hotel in Sharm el Sheikh. Pick up from your hotel and transfer by a/c van to Sharm el Sheikh International Airport and fly to Cairo. The flight will take just 50 minutes. Our English speaking guide will be waiting for you outside the arrival hall of Cairo airport with the sign sharm-club.com.
When we finish our day program our guide will drive you to The Oasis hotel, 4* on BB basis, where you will spend a night. Optionally in the evening you can do the following: Nile Cruise &

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.801744
Retrieved Text: When is the next Navigating Fintech Disruption executive immersion program?
Where is the program held?
You’ll spend a week in Silicon Valley, California. Each day starts at Silicon Valley Innovation Center’s office at 1850 Gateway Dr, Suite 150, San Mateo, 94404, California, USA.
What is included in a ticket for the program?
The 5-day executive immersion program ticket includes five days of the program, transfers to and from company visits, lunches (Monday-Friday), and hotel accomodation. You’ll also receive slides from the presenters at the end of the program.
What is the hotel accommodation?
The hotel is for 6 nights (Sunday-Friday) in San Mateo, which is about 40 minutes drive south of San Francisco. The hotel is the Marriott or similar quality hotel depending on room availability.
Can I purchase a ticket without hotel accomodation?
Yes, please contact us for a discount code. We encourage participants to purchase a program ticket with hotel accommodation to promote after-hours networking with other participants.
Yes, please contact us for group rates.
Our past participating speakers include C-suite, directors, and founders. We vet all speakers to ensure presentations are of the highest quality.
Which companies will we visit?
Participating companies change each quarter to keep up with the rapid pace of innovation. Our program execution team will send you a detailed itinerary before you arrive. Download our sample agenda to see what we’ve done before.
Is the entire program in English?
Yes, all of our speakers present in English. We highly recommend participants have excellent English comprehension as there are business and technical terms in the presentations.
We also provide custom programs for groups where a

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.795872
Retrieved Text: Shenzhen Hai Lian Hotel is reception center under Shenzhen Overseas Friendship Association, designed and decorated in accordance with national tourism three-star standard, located in Overseas Friendship Building, Yingchun Road, located in the most prosperous commercial center, Luohu District, is a food, housing, transportation, Business and leisure in one comprehensive business hotel, which is the best choice for tourism, business and living.
2 minutes' driving from Luohu Railway Station.
Shenzhen Hai Lian Hotel is reception center under Shenzhen Overseas Friendship Association, designed and decorated in accordance with national tourism three-star standard, located in Overseas Friendship Building, Yingchun Road, located in the most prosperous commercial center, Luohu District, respectively communicate with Shennan Midde Road, Jiabin Road, Jianshe Road, Renmin South Road, nearto International Financial Building, Shenfang Plaza, from the Lo Wu train station only 2 minutes by car, hotel has very convenient traffic and strategic location. Hotel with elegant style, complete facilities, has 90 newly renovated deluxe rooms, a Chinese restaurant, coffee shop, business center, conference room, chess room and health center, is a food, housing, transportation, business and leisure in one a comprehensive business hotel, which is the best choice for tourism, business and living. The new renovated rooms, free broadband, digital TV is free of charge. Hotel will honor "warm, thoughtful, comfortable, safe," policy, strive for every guest to create the ideal accommodation environment.
Hotel with elegant style, complete facilities, has 90 newly renovated deluxe rooms.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.71979
Retrieved Text: Bird Control Guys is available on a 24 hour-seven day basis in Friendship, AR so you are assured of find finding us any time you visit. Bird Control Guys is also available via contacts on 888-371-5558 for you to call and book an appointment with the relevant staff that guide you and advice you properly on matters related controlling of birds. Bird Control Guys operates maximally to ensure that cases of emergency are taken care of within the shortest time possible.
Birds are an important factor in our environment and should be taken care of at the same time. Some are actually more advantageous to us but when they are present around us in large numbers then the need to control them arises otherwise we would count numerous loses in Friendship, AR. Bird Control Guys in Friendship, AR is therefore the place to go to when you encounter such a situation, our services are easy, friendly, and cost effective.
When trapping is necessary, Bird Control Guys in Friendship, AR has the widest selection of human live traps available. Our complete line of professional bird traps come in a variety of sizes to help accommodate the species of pest birds to be controlled and the location where the trap is to be placed. Mist netting from Bird Control Guys is a simple, humane way to capture and release trapped birds.
Bird Control Guys in Friendship, AR utilizes the innate power of the natural survival instincts of birds to effectively repel them. Digital recordings of distressed and alarmed birds, along with

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.70197
Retrieved Text: The ASEANTA Board Meeting was held on 6 October 2014 at the EDSA Shangri-La Hotel, Manila, Philippines. It was held back-to-back with ASEAN Tourism Strategic Planning Workshop on 7th October and other ASEAN NTO’s and workgroups meetings.
ASEANTA Board Members were invited for the first time to attend and participate at the ASEAN Tourism Strategic Planning Workshop with the ASEAN NTOs.
On behalf of the Board Members, Management Committee and staff of ASEAN Tourism Association (ASEANTA), please accept my heartfelt sympathies to the people, affected by the recent earthquake and aftershocks that followed on 5 and 7 May 2014 mainly in the northern Thai provinces of Chiang Rai, Chiang Mai, Lamphun, Lampang, Nan, Phayao, and Phrae.
We understand your feelings of sorrow and concern for your loved ones, friends and relatives who may have been affected in one way or another by this tragedy.
We hope and pray for your country’s speedy recovery from the effects of this disaster and bring about the business of travel and tourism into normality.
Building a “friendship bridge” between Malaysia-Singapore, as proposed during the recent visit of H.E. Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong of Singapore to Malaysia, which began on Sunday 6th April 2014, is a clear indication of a growing friendship between the two countries.
The proposed “friendship bridge” and the on-going High-Speed Rail (HSR) links between Malaysia-Singapore, will certainly pave way for greater connectivity between the two countries. In fact, ASEANTA believes, both the joint iconic projects will, not only benefit the two countries, but also its ASEAN neighbours and the region as a

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.69055
Retrieved Text: CONTACT Matilde Maynez (Teacher request)!
Click here to contact Matilde Maynez!
I have 60 students who are learning Spanish. Their level is low intermediate to advanced and some are near native speakers. The low intermediate students have studied Spanish for 1 year and the near native speakers either studied in a Dual Language Immersion program or grew up in a home with Spanish speaking parents. The students are a mixed group of male and female and their ages are 13-15 years old.
I would like to find a class who is interested in American culture who can write to my students in Spanish. I would like for their pen pals to answer questions about the country they live in too. I would like pen pals from any Spanish speaking country.
CONTACT Silly Chatter (Teacher request)!
Click here to contact Silly Chatter!
I am a chatter that loves chatting. I have a fun clean and silly sense of humor. I am straight so friendship only.
I have lots of physical problems with pain so I can relate to others that do, too, but with clean chatting only. I do NOT do Skype and I am NOT on FB!
As you can see I have a (clean) sense of humor. I know there is nothing funny about what a lot of us go through but humor is how I cope, how I relieve stress. Humor doesn't solve anything but just helps relieves stress for me even if for only a brief moment in time, I will take whatever relief I can get LOL I can also

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.667316
Retrieved Text: The Blueprint for Health will host its Annual Conference on May 7, 2019 at the DoubleTree Hotel and Conference Center in Burlington.
Information, agenda, and speakers are on the conference website. Or, go directly to registration.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.65388
Retrieved Text: The Rotary Club of Bendigo South is one of the eight clubs in the Goldfields Cluster in North Central Victoria in Rotary District 9800. We meet every Thursday evening (6pm for a 6.30pm start), with our regular meeting location being the Foundry Hotel, 366 High Street, Bendigo. However, we often get out and about, exploring and meeting at different fun locations. So please check our latest newsletter to ensure that you find us at the right location.
Come and join us for a fun-filled evening of friendship and good times. Listen to our interesting guest speakers. Have a laugh and enjoy the company of like-minded people who enjoy making a difference in the community, just like yourself. Make new friends while finding out more about our club projects and events. We look forward to you joining us at a Club meeting sometime soon!
Guests are welcome to attend our Club at any time, however, please contact Attendance Officer, Rod Spitty by email prior to 10.00 am on the Thursday of the meeting you wish to attend to confirm your visit.

================



======= Instance Index 31 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Did you cook the soup yourself, Mike? It's delicious.

M: No. My mother cooked it for me.

Question: Who cooked the soup? 

- Mike.

- Mike's mother.

- The man.

Target Text: Mike's mother.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.615343
Retrieved Text: So pretty and sounds so delicious (especially the ginger!). This would be perfect for an easy lunch!
Thanks so much, Kelli! Ginger is one of my favorite ingredients for spicing up the flavor!
love split peas and have only used them in split pea soup and a potato salad. This looks perfect!
They’re also delicious in soup! Thanks!
Hi Tammy, I intentionally don’t publish nutrition facts with my recipes, because I like to help my clients shift away from focusing on the numbers, so they can strengthen their mindful eating skills and experience true satisfaction after meals. But you can use a tool like My Fitness Pal to get this information if you’d like. (Under “Recipes” there’s an option to paste a website link to analyze nutrition.) Let me know if you have any questions!
I love soup during all times of the year, particularly in the fall and winter. I’ve been craving a potato soup like mad lately.I’ll definitely have to try this out! Love it!
Thanks so much, Diane! There’s nothing better than a bowl of warm soup when it’s chilly out!
It would be helpful to know if the split peas are measured dried or cooked. In other words, do you start with 2 cups dried then cook them w/6-8 cups water and use the whole thing, or do you measure out 2 cups of the cooked peas? The soup will turn out very, very different with one or the other approach. As it stands, the recipe can be misread easily because it’s unclear. I can’t tell from the photos.
I

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.481407
Retrieved Text: Did you know: you can buy cheap, vile soup, and turn it into cheap, tasty soup? It's true!
I have one friend who lives alone and pretty much lives off of soups. I think he said he usually spends $1 a day on eating -- that's the magic of soup.
You can add spices, cooked meats, cooked vegetables (don't use raw unless you either want them to stay crunchy or you mean to cook the soup a looong time) or sauces to the soup as it's cooking.
You can add to finished soup any suitable fresh herbs, crackers or croutons, bread slices, nuts, or top them with favorite condiments and sauces.
For some ideas, "Mexican Style" Cream of Tomato soup is made with added onion, garlic and cooked chicken to the pot, with sour cream and cilantro for garnish. The famous French Onion Soup is generally dished out with a chunk of toast or crouton inside and topped with a thick layer of white cheese (mozzarella, gruyere, swiss, etc) which is put under the broiler before serving. I've actually bought Broccoli-Cheese Soup mixes that told me to add my own broccoli and cheese (probably it just starts as any type of cream soup...). And Scotch Broth simply tastes better, I think, if you douse it in Tabasco sauce first.
What kind of soup alterations do you fellows make? Leave a comment -- describe your favorite creations!
Soup never fills me up. I like it but it's just not enough. Oh and I'm vegan so that probably changes things a bit.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.339134
Retrieved Text: Losing weight is one of the biggest problems worldwide and naturally, you will find unlimited information and healthy recipes on the internet dedicated to it. However, gaining weight is equally difficult for people who are thin and fragile.Some are naturally thin and even face personality complex almost similar to the obese people.
Here is the weight gain health recipeÂ that will help you to gain weight and add some pounds to your personality.
Blend the soup, cooked asparagus and sugar in a blender.
Heat until thickened and serve hot.
Similarly, you can make a broccoli cream soup by blending 1 tbsp diced and cooked onion, 1 cup cooked broccoli with the plain base soup.
Note: Using whole milk helps to increase the calorie count.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.892366
Retrieved Text: Hey hey! It’s Soup Swapper Saturday!
This month Ashley from Cheese Curd in Paradise who chose the theme: Regional Soups. The goal here is to whip up a soup that this local to your own state. So I decided to make Chicken Wild Rice Soup – it’s so quintessentially midwestern!
Here’s the thing though – wild rice is kind of expensive and fussy to make, so I’ve started making my own twist on the soup and adding a rice medley. It involves par-cooked rice (that’s the only reasonable explanation for a rice medley that takes only 15 minutes to cook) so it’s super fast and super delicious.
I start with raw chicken that is poached in the broth as the rice cooks, but you could totally use leftover cooked chicken (or a store bought rotisserie chicken) to make this delicious, flavorful recipe go faster yet.
And if you have a little more time on your hands, you should definitely give this version a try --> Chicken & Wild Rice Soup with Bacon.
Scroll past the recipe to see what other recipes the soup swappers brought to the table today!
Place the butter in a soup pot over medium heat. Add the onions, celery and carrots and cook until tender. Season with salt and pepper.
Stir in the chicken, broth, and rice. Cook for 20 minutes or until chicken is cooked through and rice is tender. Stir in the peas and half and half. Heat through and serve.
Place the butter in a soup pot over medium heat. Add the onions, celery and carrots and

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.759249
Retrieved Text: My mother often cooked this soup on Sundays, and always on special celebrations. Later my dad cooked this soup too. The Wedding Soup is served in all the regions in Germany. Usually a beef or chicken stock soup with add ons, typically marrow bone dumplings, peas, white aspargus and cooked egg dices.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.74629
Retrieved Text: With temperatures here at one of my hunting places plummeting into the single digits last night, it seemed like an ideal occasion for enjoying some hot soup. Several weeks ago, my father gave me a can of Campbell’s Chunky Grilled Chicken & Sausage Gumbo soup, which I really wanted to eat, but was waiting for the right time to open it. Because I enjoyed eating this canned soup so much, I decided to write a fair and objective consumer review of the product. Presented here, is one food writer’s consumer product review of Campbell’s Chunky Grilled Chicken & Sausage Gumbo soup.
This soup can be heated and eaten in a matter of minutes. This delightful canned soup can be heated in a saucepan on the stovetop, or it can be heated in a microwave oven. Although the cooking directions clearly state that water should not be added to the product, usually, I like to add a little bit of water to this soup and cook it over low- heat, letting it reduce. The fragrant aroma given off by Campbell’s Gumbo soup fills my apartment with a mouth- watering scent that always stimulates my appetite.
It is packaged in an 18.8 ounce can. The can is fitted with one of the newer-style pop-top lids, which are fairly easy for most consumers, including senior citizens, to open.
Campbell’s soup is a fairly-thick soup that offers bite- size pieces of real, tender, cooked white chicken meat and rice that is not over- cooked or mushy. The numerous slices of flavorful Andouille sausage

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.717453
Retrieved Text: Plantain flour mashed into dumplings. Served with choice of light pepper soup, peanut butter soup, palm nut soup, okra soup or egusi soup.
Ghanaian style rice cooked in mild tomato sauce and savory seasonings. Served with your choice of protein.
Brown rice slowly cooked with black eye peas and our homemade shitto sauce; made with shrimp, peppers, and fresh ginger. Served with choice of meat.
Lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, carrots, onions, boiled egg, tuna and creamy dressing.
Avocado, lettuce, cucumbers, carrots, onions, tomatoes, avocado and your choice of dressing.
Served with our spicy homemade appioo sauce on the side.
Seasoned chunks of ripe plantains deep fried. Served with or without peanuts.
Served with your choice of fish, chicken, or goat.
Meat marinated in a spicy succulent peanut butter seasoning smoked and grilled to your taste.
Fried goat served with hot pepper sauce and garnished with onion and tomato.
Fried chicken served with hot pepper sauce and garnished with onion and tomato.
Fried slices of yam served with hot pepper sauce and garnished with onion and tomato.
Tilapia marinated in our fresh ginger seasoning, served grilled or fried.
Sauteed vegetables and peppers, chunks of garlic and ginger in spinach and palm oil. Cooked vegetarian or served with your choice of filet of talapia or croaker.
Our delicious red snapper is marinated with fresh ginger seasoning grilled or fried to your taste.
Fermented corn and cassava dough made into a dumpling served with hot peppers, shitto and diced onion and tomato.
Ground melon seeds cooked with spinach and palm oil.
Red red. Stewed black eye peas in palm oil cooked vegetarian and served with ripe fried

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.673824
Retrieved Text: This winter has been amazing with all this gorgeous snow! Soup is always a perfect choice on a chilly day. Taste the rainbow with this delicious vegetable soup. Mmmmmm.
1. In a large soup pot, simmer oil, onion, and celery. Cook over low heat for 5 to 10 minutes to develop more sweetness in the onion.
2. Add garlic and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Turn up the heat to medium and add the peppers and carrots. Cook another 1 to 2 minutes and add the spices. Stir and cook until fragrant—another minute or so.
3. Add tomatoes and stock, and simmer for 15 minutes. Add beans and chard and simmer for another 5 minutes or until the beans are cooked. (If using cooked cubed meat such as chicken or turkey, add at this time.) Adjust seasonings with salt and pepper as needed.
As the main course this soup is perfect, but be sure that you add other items for adults to eat so that they won’t be underfed. A nice starter salad with a vinaigrette dressing is appetizing before the soup. You might also try adding meat to the soup as an option for those who are not vegetarian. Or grill up some chicken, fish, beef or sausage kabobs and place them on separate plates for those who are interested in making the meal a little more hearty.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.567223
Retrieved Text: Deep fried tofu with bonito flakes.
Scallion wrapped in beef with teriyaki sauce.
Battered and deep fried soft shell crab.
Battered and deep fried vegetables.
Battered and deep fried chicken and vegetables.
Battered and deep fried shrimp and vegetables.
Served with mushroom and scallions.
Soy base with tofu and seaweed.
KatsuToggle visibility of menu section "Katsu"
Lightly seasoned, breaded and deep fried and served with steamed rice and a choice of soup or salad.
Battered and deep fried and served with steamed rice and a choice of soup or salad.
Chicken, shrimp and vegetable tempura.
Spicy beef stew served with steamed rice and choice of soup or salad.
Udon noodles served in a curry soup.
Soba noodles served in a curry soup.
Stir FryToggle visibility of menu section "Stir Fry"
Served with steamed rice and a choice of soup or salad.
Stir fried vegetables with fried tofu.
Stir fried chicken and vegetables in ginger sauce.
Stir fried pork and vegetables in ginger sauce.
Stir fried beef and vegetables in ginger sauce.
Stir fried shrimp and vegetables.
Grilled dinners with stir fried vegetables in teriyaki sauce served with steamed rice and a choice of soup or salad.
Don BuriToggle visibility of menu section "Don Buri"
Japanese style rice bowl served with choice of soup or salad.
Pork katsu made into an omelet over rice.
Shrimp and vegetable tempura served over rice with special sauce.
Beef and onion served over rice with special sauce.
HibachiToggle visibility of menu section "Hibachi"
All meals include clear onion soup, house salad, 2 shrimp appetizers, vegetables and choice of fried rice, steamed rice or noodles.
Hibachi SpecialsToggle visibility of menu section "Hibachi Specials"
Filet mignon and shrimp for two.
Hibachi CombinationToggle visibility of menu

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.429546
Retrieved Text: Salmon with avocado roll. Uncooked.
Shrimp tempura, avocado, cucumber and tobiko with spicy mayo sauce. Cooked.
Served with spicy tuna roll, shumai, rice, vegetables, soup and salad.
Japanese style mini shrimp dumpling.
Fried bean curd, served with bonito flakes and tempura sauce.
Scallion wrap with thinly sliced beef.
Chicken and vegetable on the skewer boiled with teriyaki sauce.
Choice of tuna, salmon, yellowtail or crab stick rolled with avocado and flying fish roe.
Mixed tobiko kini scallion avocado topped and torched, finished with special sauce.
Six pieces of sushi with California maki. Served with soup and salad.
10 pieces of sushi with spicy tuna maki. Served with soup and salad.
Chef's choice of 18 pieces of sashimi. Served with soup and salad.
Three pieces of sushi, three pieces of sashimi and spicy salmon maki. Served with soup and salad.
Three pieces of sushi, three pieces of sashimi and spicy tuna maki. Served with soup and salad.
Nine pieces of sashimi, seven pieces of sushi and crazy maki with chef's special salad. Served with soup and salad.
12 pieces of sashimi, 18 pieces of sushi, crazy maki and tekka maki wit chef's special salad. Served with soup and salad.
BBQ fresh water eel served on top of sushi rice. Served with soup and salad.
Sashimi served on top of sushi rice. Served with soup and salad.
Tuna sashimi served on top of sushi rice. Served with soup and salad.
Salmon sashimi served on top of sushi rice. Served with soup and salad.
Crab stick, avocado, cucumber and flying fish roe. Cooked.
Shrimp with avocado roll. Cooked.
Soft shell crab, avocado, cucumber and tobiko with spicy mayo. Cooked.
Eel and cucumber

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.3218
Retrieved Text: Mutton in stewed soup is a renowned traditional Nantong dish. “Haimen mutton in stewed soup” has been a special dish famous around China before liberation in 1949. Restaurants in big cities in Jiangsu province, Zhejiang province and Shanghai all took “Haimen mutton in stewed soup” as their signature dish.
Mutton in stewed soup is made with elaboration by the white goat of Haimen and is one of the most well known dishes of Nantong. Many complete mutton chops (about half of a goat) are put into big soup pot (a big wooden cask is put above the pot, together known as called “connector”). The mutton soup is milky white and mellow; after mutton is thoroughly cooked, bones are removed. The compacted meat can be used both as cold dish (like cold-cut mutton or lamb cake), or served as semi-products for hot dishes (like braised mutton, twice-cooked mutton), or soup dish (mutton and bean vermicelli soup, clear mutton soup). If cooked into hot dish or soup dish, the ingredients should be original mutton soup without additionally adding clear water.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.17342
Retrieved Text: Basic Cream Soup and Variations recipe and other asparagus recipes updated by our cooking food network top chefs. Fill Free to download and share with your friends and family.
BASIC CREAM SOUP: Pumpernickel croutons Basic cream soup recipe Peel the vegetable, if necessary, and chop coarsely. Place in a saucepan with 3 cups of the stock. Cook over medium heat until the vegetable is tender. Set aside 1/2 cup choice pieces of cooked vegetables to use as a garnish. Puree the remaining cooked vegetable together with the vegetable water in an electric blender, or press through a strainer. Melt the butter in a soup kettle, blend in the flour, and stir in the cream. Simmer over a low flame, stirring constantly for 3 minutes. Stir in the pureed vegetable and the remaining 2 cups of chicken stock, and simmer for 3 minutes more. Adjust the seasonings and serve in individual bowls garnished with the reserved cooked vegetable. Serve hot or cold. Cream of Cauliflower Soup: Prepare soup as directed in Basic cream soup. Garnish with reserved cauliflower and a sprinkle of paprika. Serve hot or cold. Cream Of Broccoli Soup: Peel the stems and break broccoli into flowerets. Slice the stems. Proceed as directed in Basic cream soup recipe. Serve with nutmeg sprinkled on top. Cream Of Cucumber Soup: Reserve 1/2 cup diced raw cucumber to use as a garnish. Cook remaining cucumber for 8 minutes. Proceed as directed in Basic cream soup recipe. Serve hot or cold with a dollop of sour cream in the center

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.09423
Retrieved Text: Tomato soup (or as called in Western Ukraine: Pomidorova zupa) is a soup cooked with tomatoes and some other vegetables. It is delicious and quite interesting, and we usually serve it with sour cream. There are several options how to cook this soup. In Western Ukraine it is often cooked with rice, but today we are going to eat this soup with minute pasta. This is the variant of the soup that I like.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.032991
Retrieved Text: Some people say that the government is full of beans – maybe this Senate Bean Soup is why!
Senate Bean Soup is a wonderful comfort food soup. Served with homemade bread, something for dessert, and you have a fabulous meal! This soup will become one of your family’s favorite soups to serve.
Senate Bean Soup, prepared with traditional early American ingredients of dried white pea beans, onions, and a ham bone, has been on the menu in the United States Senate restaurant since the early 20th century, possible longer. Is is the most popular item on the menu and is usually recommended by members of Congress when entertaining guests there for the first time.
According to other stories, the Senate’s bean soup tradition began early in the 20th-century at the request of Senator Fred Dubois of Idaho. Who is right? You be the judge!
Place beans in a large soup pot, cover with cold water, and let sit overnight. Drain and rinse beans.
A quick-soak method: cover dried beans with cold water; bring just to a boil. Remove from heat; cover and let stand 1 to 2 hours. Drain and rinse beans.
In the same soup pot over medium-high heat, bring the 3 quarts of water to a boil. Reduce heat to low; add beans and ham bone or ham. Cover pot and let simmer 1 hour.
In a large frying pan over medium-high heat, melt butter. Add onions, celery, and garlic; saute until vegetables are soft. Add vegetables and mashed potatoes to the cooked soup and let simmer an additional 1 hour

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.026299
Retrieved Text: Good old Hearty Hamburger Noodle Soup is one of those recipes that you will want to make as soon as the weather starts to get cold. It warms the soul is healthy and can be enjoyed over a few days.... Home-made chicken soup is an instant pick-me-up for those who are always tired or sick/recuperating from sickness. With the home-made chicken stock, I added cooked macaroni, shredded chicken and vegetables for a healthy one-dish meal of chicken macaroni soup .
Good old Hearty Hamburger Noodle Soup is one of those recipes that you will want to make as soon as the weather starts to get cold. It warms the soul is healthy and can be enjoyed over a few days.... 8/10/2018 · How to Make Macaroni Soup This Macaroni Soup is a pretty straight-forward recipe. Just like most soup recipes, everything will be cooked in one pot, and it is just a matter of adding in your ingredients at the right time and letting it all simmer and cook together.
Asian Chicken Macaroni Soup – An easy soup recipe that many seeks comfort in, from kids to adults. It can be made with Instant Pot or stove-top. A wonderful recipe for busy weeknight dinner. It can be made with Instant Pot or stove-top.
In the same saucepan, place the cream and milk over medium heat. Bring to the boil, reduce the heat, then stir in the cheeses and add a generous sprinkling of salt and pepper.
This macaroni soup plays an important part in the popular breakfast sets available at

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.907055
Retrieved Text: Tonight's meal can be summed up in 3 words...Best - Soup - Ever! This evening I was in the mood for soup. As I drove home from work, I thought about what kind of soup I could make that was delicious and didn't take a lot of time to prepare...and the light bulb went off! I had plenty of leftover cooked beef fajita meat and cooked peppers in the fridge -- so I made a quick stop at the grocery store on my way home and picked up some low sodium beef stock and canned fire roasted tomatoes just in case I didn't have any in my pantry (which, of course, I did). When I got home, I diced up the leftover cooked beef and peppers and from there, my super easy soup recipe took off. It was so quick and simple, yet so flavorful. I decided to stick with the "Mexican theme" of the star ingredients (fajita beef and peppers) and made my soup base a combination of beef broth and tomatoes that I pureed with my immersion blender stick to thicken the soup and give it some body -- it worked like a dream. As I was dicing up the beef and peppers, I was thinking about how nice it would be to have noodles in my soup. While I've made zucchini noodles to go in my soup in the past...tonight I wanted "starchy-feeling" noodles in my soup. Then...light bulb #2 went off! I had one grain-free tortilla left in the fridge from last

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.817091
Retrieved Text: Looking for a place for home cooked dishes is not easy. Most of the commercial restaurants will not have such “homey” feel. Usually this type of cooking is only available in small restaurant or home-style cafe.
There is this restaurant located in Pulau Tikus which is not very big and can only cater for less than 10 tables. All the dishes prepared carry the taste of home cooked meal.
Watercress with Pork Ribs Soup – The taste of the watercress soup is similar to my mum’s cooking. The soup was boiled with pork ribs, watercress and red dates for long hours. The soup was naturally sweet from the red dates and filled with richness from the pork ribs and a refreshing taste from the watercress.
Lotus Root & Peanuts with Pork Ribs Soup – The lotus root and peanuts were also boiled with pork ribs with some dried squids. This is also one of my favorite soups.
Winter Melon with Pork Ribs Soup – Apart from winter melon and pork ribs, the soup was added with some wolf berries to bring a natural sweetness to the soup.
Fried Egg with Prawn – RM6.00, the fried egg was stuffed with some spring onions and shrimps. The is a simple type of household cooking. My mum and granny always cook this dish at home.
Steamed Lady’s Finger – RM6.50, this dish was appetizing and spicy. This dish is not meant for non-spicy lovers. It tasted spicy with a slight of saltiness which was very appetizing. I can finish the whole plate by myself.
Fried Mixed

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.804274
Retrieved Text: Usually, a buffet ranges from 250 to 500 pesos. Some who would offer buffet would have a higher price than the usual range because of the variety of the dishes they offer. Paul Calvin’s Deli, located along Rizal Avenue in Fort Bonifacio, offers a number of selections at a price that one would usually pay for in a buffet.
In every buffet, it’s expected to have at least one soup. Paul Calvin’s Deli offers fresh mushroom soup (yes, with real bits of mushroom) and you have an option to top it with croutons. I love the texture of the soup. It’s creamy the way I like it.
The buffet selection also offers freshly cooked pasta. You can ask the chef the taste you’re looking for in a pasta and he will prepare it for you. I tried the two versions of pasta, one in creamy sauce and one in tomato sauce.
Amongst the selections included in the buffet table for the main course (aside from the freshly cooked pasta), our favorites would be the Fish Fillet with Tofu and the Grilled Liempo.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.799898
Retrieved Text: It occurred to me the other day that I could make a low-calorie base for a broccoli cheddar soup. When I make a creamy broccoli cheddar soup, I can’t skimp on the cheese but I learned I can skimp on the cream and butter. To make the base for my soup I boiled two cups of cauliflower in two cups of low-sodium chicken broth. Once cooked, I took the cauliflower off of the heat and let it cool for about 10 minutes. Next, I blended the mixture with about a cup of 1% milk and set aside. Next, I cooked some diced onion in a little bit of butter until translucent and added the cauliflower mixture, about 4 cups of frozen broccoli, a splash of beer, and a few cups of shredded sharp cheddar cheese. Once the broccoli was cooked, I removed about 1/3 of the total soup mixture and blended it, making sure to leave some nice big chunks of broccoli behind in the pot. Finally, the blended portion is returned to the rest of the soup mixture and I let the whole thing simmer for a bit before serving up a bowl with some extra cheddar on top. I added salt to taste at the end but I did season the onion with salt and pepper while it cooked. This soup did not disappoint in the least. I look forward to continue to work on making variations on healthier soup bases. I think next time I’ll try adding some barley or brown rice to

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.772116
Retrieved Text: Known as Chupe Criollo (Creole Soup) in Venezuela, this soup is really a chowder in disguise featuring chicken, cheese, corn, potatoes and one of my favorite herbs – cilantro. In fact, the recipe calls for an entire bunch of cilantro! Whereas cilantro is often used to finish a dish, here part of it is tossed in near the beginning to infuse the broth while the rest is added before serving to give it a final fresh herby punch. Since this is a chicken-and-cheese soup, traditionally you would dump in 4 to 6 ounces of cheese and let it dissolve into the soup shortly before serving. However, other recipes for Chupe Criollo advised against adding a bunch of cheese to the soup unless the entire pot will be eaten the same day it is cooked. The problem being that the cheese collects at the bottom of the soup pot in a large lump. I decided to serve the cheese on the side, and have it available to top off the soup instead of melt in it. Even if that’s not entirely authentic, I can assure you that this is an extremely delicious soup and a great introduction to South American cooking.
I had a fully-cooked chicken breast on hand and used it for this go-round. In case you're wondering why that chicken was already cooked!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.74402
Retrieved Text: Cover the Crock-Pot and cook the cabbage and onions on high for two hours. Stir the cooked egg noodles into the Crock-Pot, cover and continue cooking the cabbage and noodles for one hour on low. Serve the cabbage and noodles while hot.... I followed this recipe, the egg noodles should not be cooked on high in the crock pot, nor for that long. They disintegrated and turned what was broth into a chowder. Very disappointed. I recommend turning the crockpot off and putting the noodles in there with the lid on for them to cook slowly.
I followed this recipe, the egg noodles should not be cooked on high in the crock pot, nor for that long. They disintegrated and turned what was broth into a chowder. Very disappointed. I recommend turning the crockpot off and putting the noodles in there with the lid on for them to cook slowly.... Lots of people think noodles or pasta and crock pot cooking don’t mix. At face value, that’s totally correct. Placing uncooked, or worse yet, cooked noodles at the beginning of long, slow cooking will destroy noodles and pasta.
Crock pot should be on medium heat to start. Put skinned chicken breasts in crock pot. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cover. In small saucepan, simmer the … how to make ears pop on airplane This easy recipe is a crockpot chicken recipe using boneless chicken, mushroom soup or cream of chicken soup, wine, sour cream, and hot cooked noodles. To jazz the sauce up a bit, add chopped green

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.744019
Retrieved Text: When it comes to adding rice to soup, there is no one way to do it. Whether to cook the rice first depends on your recipe, when you want to add the rice and the variety of rice you are using. Ultimately, you want the rice to be done but not cooked so long that it turns your soup into a gummy concoction.
If you have cooked rice on hand, add it to soup toward the end of cooking. Simply throw it in when the soup is almost done, usually when the soup is turned down to just a simmer. Allow the rice to cook just long enough to warm it up. The longer you cook the already-cooked rice, the more moist and gummy the rice may become; you want it to retain its firmer texture.
If you prepare a big pot of soup and do not have any cooked rice on hand, throw uncooked grains into the soup when it is at a rolling boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and allow the rice to cook just until it's tender. Immediately remove the pan from the stove top after the rice reaches the right consistency. Again, cooking the rice too long can give it an unappealing texture.
Different rice varieties require varying amounts of liquid and cooking times. Make sure the soup has enough liquid to effectively cook the rice. Cook the rice for as long as the variety requires; find this information on the product packaging. Keep in mind the texture you are aiming for. Brown

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.727198
Retrieved Text: I chose the Chicken Spaghetti Arrabiata and Soup of the day (Pumpkin Soup) while my colleagues chose the Grilled Chicken Breast with Black Pepper Sauce and Mushroom Soup.
The portion served was really quite large and after finishing my soup, I was already quite full.
Meanwhile, the mushroom soup that my colleagues ordered was also very delicious! There were chunky bits of mushroom in the soup and it was very creamy! Both soup was amazing.
After we are done with our soup, we practically licked the plate clean! The server asked us whether we were ready for our mains before they brought it to our table! I really love their service at Silver Spoon which is so professional unlike some places where they don't follow the order of the meal.
The portion served was really huge and after that delicious pumpkin soup I was really in a good mood and had expectations for the main course! I L.O.V.E their spaghetti! It was so delicious! The tomato sauce that they cooked with was prepared freshly and not those cooked from cans and tins. You can literally see chunks of tomato in the dish and for those who dislike tomato-based sauce spaghetti because of the sourness of the sauce, don't worry! The acidity level in this dish is really balanced and not too sour.
The Black Pepper Grilled Chicken Breast ordered by my colleagues was a real huge portion! They were grilled to perfection and served with thick-cut fries and served with salad. The salad was served with a balsamic vinaigrette dressing. Again

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.683546
Retrieved Text: Use all the green vegetables you can get ahold of for this springtime soup.
Fresh mint, wilted in at end of cooking, adds just a touch of brightness to this pretty soup.
When guacamole meets cold soup the results are delicious.
Adding the vegetables in stages, from the longest cooking first to the quickest cooking last, ensures that they will all be perfectly cooked.
A dollop of crème fraîche adds richness to this vibrantly green soup.
A slow-cooked ham hock broth gives smoky flavor to this new take on classic split pea soup.
Make this soup at the peak of spring, when green garlic, also called young garlic, is in season.
A garnish of crumbled hard-boiled egg bulks up this creamy soup.
Swiss chard, spinach, and collard greens make up these hearty vegetarian soup.
Serve this bright soup warm or chilled, either way you can't go wrong.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.647001
Retrieved Text: Tomato, Coconut & Chilli Soup. | Monday's Child.
Tomato, Coconut & Chilli Soup.
After reading the Honestly Healthy cookbook this was one of the recipes that had stuck in my mind as something I have got to make! So a couple of nights ago my friend and I did just that, but with a few tweaks…we made it in a blender.
Having one of these high power blenders means that you can make raw soup (yes they are hot!) but blending ensuring that the heat stays below 47degrees and therefore does not spoil the nutrients in the vegetables.
….I admit that the soup we made was not fully raw as we cooked off the onions and spices first, this step seemed important for flavour. We added our cooked onions and spice mix to raw tomatoes (we added a few extra for taste) , coconut milk (we added 2:1 coconut to water ratio) and fresh lime & tamari.
We then blended this for 8 minutes and topped with fresh coriander.
It was absolutely delicious and will definitely be making this again.
For those of you who don’t know of Honestly Healthy click the link and sign up to the newsletter to receive some great recipes and lots of information on nutrition and healthy living.
Or find Natasha Corrett on Twitter and Instagram @HonestlyHealthy.
← Back to Blog : Sydney.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.64569
Retrieved Text: Eating healthy doesn’t mean you can’t enjoy your favourite dishes. When you make your meals with fresh, made from Mother Earth ingredients, you can eat so many delicious dishes, like this Italian Wedding Soup. I’ve removed the high sodium that is always found in canned soup – sometimes triple your daily recommended intake. I’ve also used organic lean turkey for the meatballs and even included a vegetarian meatball recipe for those who are vegetarian. In my Healthy Living Program, I have over one hundred recipes just like this one. A healthy lifestyle should never feel like you are in lack. You will see that making your food from scratch can be quick, easy, delicious, cost efficient and best of all will enhance your health and happiness.
Start by making the soup to allow it to simmer and enhance its flavor. In a large soup pot, heat oil over medium-high heat. Add the carrots, celery and onion; cooking for 2-5 minutes. Add 2 tablespoons of the Italian spice and cook for another 2 minutes. Stir in the vegetable stock, lemon zest, lemon juice, and spinach. Bring to a boil and reduce heat to medium-low (a gentle boil).
While sauce simmers, make the meatballs. In a large bowl, mix together ground turkey, eggs, 1 tablespoon Italian spice and breadcrumbs. Using your hands, form meatballs into tiny little balls. Bite sized is best as it will make it easier to eat. Place meatballs into a large frying pan, over medium-high heat, and pour in white wine, bringing it to a gentle

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.55009
Retrieved Text: Red and green are the colors of spring. The radish loves the green stalks. The spring touched soup is perfect as light lunch and will be prepared within no time. Served cold it’s the perfect starter or aperitif for he garden party in summer. The Chef’s Handyman team loves the zucchini soup like all recipes, which can be prepared in advance. Feel free to tag this recipe to your favorites, if you have a vegetable garden with zucchini.
For the soup, cut the zucchini and the cooked potatoes into cubes. Place them into a pan. Add the chopped onion and 2.5 cups of vegetable stock. Cook on medium heat for 15 minutes. When cooked through blend all ingredients. Season the soup to taste with salt and black pepper. Pour the soup into cups or plates. Garnish with chopped radish and oregano. Serve with bread.
Chef’s Handyman tip: To give a smooth texture fold in whipped soy cream or coconut milk.
Shopping list for the zucchini soup with radish for 4 serves: 800 g or 28 oz. zucchini, 1 onion, 4 cooked potatoes, 6 dl or 2.5 cups vegetable stock, salt, black pepper, 1 bunch radish, 1 bunch oregano.
Bon appetite and have a great day, your Chef’s Handyman team.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.548645
Retrieved Text: A winter favourite of ours is soup. A hearty bowl warms and fills us up and is packed with veggies. This week I prepared a couple of soups: one using a vegetable favourite of many (but not of mine, apart from in soup) and the other, a vegetable I've never cooked with before.
Pea and Ham Soup was a Rick Stein recipe from a Delicious Magazine. It uses a cheap and easy to find veggie - the frozen pea! The ham hock is also a budget ingredient and by boiling it up in stock imparts the fabulous flavour. The meat doesn't go to waste and is chopped up and added to the thick green soup. The soup was delicious with the salt and smokiness of the ham balancing against the fresh pea flavour.
I've never cooked with Jerusalem Artichoke before so I decided to try it out in a soup. Jerusalem Artichoke wasn't exactly as budget an ingredient, with the soup requiring 3 packets of it. They didn't even have enough at the fruit and veggie store. My hubbie was a bit apprehensive after noticing it's similarity to ginger - one of the only foods he can't stomach! The soup also had plenty of other veggies, including leek and potatoes. It was a creamy soup with a flavour not dissimilar to celeriac, and was a successful experiment!
Two fantastic nourishing soups gave us two winter warmers! What soup flavours - unusual or old favourites - should we try next week?
The Jerusalem artichoke recipe looks good, yum!
we have cooked the

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.538782
Retrieved Text: Richard Bock spent years in Italy, studying the cuisine and cooking up a storm. As the owner of Giuseppe's on 28th in Phoenix, he shares his love of Italian cuisine with all who come to dine at his establishment. He has graciously shared his recipe for a special soup with the readers of Scottsdale.com.
Let’s talk egg drop soup! We all know and love egg drop soup. We’ve sampled this popular Chinese soup many, many times. We love the chicken broth, scallions, tofu, and of course, the beaten eggs cooked into the broth.Well, Italy has its own version of this famous soup called stracciatella.
Stracciatella is my favorite soup. I made it this weekend for a customer who loves it and always requests it when he brings his family in to Giuseppe’s.It’s basically chicken broth, parmigiano cheese, beaten eggs and some greens. I love spinach. But, I have Siciilian friends who use escarole, and Swiss chard or kale would also be good choices. Give this soup a try. It is fast and easy!
Slowly pour in the egg mixture into the lightly boiling stock while stirring until the eggs just come together in ribbons.
Add the baby spinach and cook 2 minutes.
P.S.“Stracce” in Italian means rags, so stir and create those rags!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.530342
Retrieved Text: You can see how much I am still living my vacation. Especially the flavors that I loved there in Gangtok and Darjeeling are still tingling my taste buds. I befriended and sweet talked to almost all the cooks I met to ask recipes, to know the names of ingredients and instructions on how to use them. Fingsya is one recipe I learned from the cook of our Darjeeling hotel, a lady who cooked only the Nepali and Tibetan food, while there was a male cook who did all the touristy food, butter chicken, malai kofta, daal makhni et al..
Basically a rice noodle soup cooked with beef chunks of bite size, Fingsya is superbly flavorful owing to the slow cooked stock and the fresh herbs used. And owing to the absence of overpowering spices. Chicken and pork variations are also done and the meat has to be boiled ahead for making this soup. They use the same stock and chop the boiled meat in small bite size pieces and dunk into the simmering Fingsya. They use Yak meat too for Fingsya, may be the name of the soup changes a bit with different meats.
I used ready chicken mince for ease. It's always better to make a stock with chicken on bones using a larger quantity and then use the same stock and some of the boiled chicken into the soup. Or boneless chicken breast and stock made previously. Whatever is suitable for you.
minced Dallae khorsani (round sikkimese chilly) 1 no.
Soak the black dry mushroom in hot water

================



======= Instance Index 32 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Are you having a problem?

M: Yes. I have to do a research paper for history. There's a major book that I need, but I can't find it.

W: Did you try the card list?

M: Yes, but it's not there.

W: Well, if it's a recent book, it won't be in the card list. All information about books since 1995 is in the computer. I advise you to try that.

M: No wonder! This book is published in 1998.

W: All you have to do is to type in the title or the writer's name.

M: Do you mean it will tell me whether the book is out or not?

W: Yes, it will. It will also give you the due date if it is out. If the book is in the library, it will tell you where you can find the book.

Question: Where does the conversation probably take place? 

- In a library.

- In a classroom.

- In a bookstore.

Target Text: In a library.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 24.132889
Retrieved Text: 例:What is the man going to read?
1. How fast can the woman type?
2. Which program does the man like most?
3. Which language does Mr. White speak well?
4. What was in the woman’s missing bag?
5. Where does the conversation probably take place?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.899897
Retrieved Text: Not too long ago, somebody said unto us, "No No No." We replied in kind by saying, "Yes Yes Yes." It doesn't really matter so much what that conversation was about; probably something boring, related to fiduciary obligations, or what have you. But if you take a moment to parse that 'conversation' and retain the important part, "Yes Yes Yes," you get Strawberry Almond Poppy, where the Yesses represent "Strawberry Almond Poppy". It makes perfect sense if you think about it.
Strawberries, with their awe-inspiring color, intoxicating aroma, and sweet and fruity beauty; they clearly represent a "Yes." And we'll just go ahead and tell you what else definitely doesn't represent a "No," and that's the almond. These blistered California almonds... "YES". And what of the poppy seed, with its delicate, crunchy, diminutive demeanor and potently nutty flavor; does this angel of a seed not deserve a "Yes?" Rhetorical. This is such a wonderful, and frankly, surprising medley of flavors that all we could keep shouting at each other was, "Yes Yes Yes!" So you can see how this all comes together.
Halva is best kept in a cool place, or the fridge. Just remember to keep it well covered, or tightly wrapped. It will keep for about 6 months.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.790857
Retrieved Text: cosa significa dove ci incontriamo in inglese?
"Dove ci incontriamo" significa "where will we meet (each other)?" Presumably this is at the end of a conversation discussing a date or some other meeting. The person needs to know the place (and probably also the time).
Or did you mean the other way around? .. what does it mean in Italian?
incontrarsi is reflexive and hence the 'ci' on the front to mean 'us' or 'each other'.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.514477
Retrieved Text: Consulting | Julia A. McAninch, Psy.D.
You’ve probably had that experience before, sitting over coffee with someone where the conversation is so riveting that time melts away and you leave stimulated, your brain swirling with thoughts and ideas. The creative energy generates so many new ideas that you have to write them down and decide where you might begin, where you might take an action or share a new thought with others.
You’ve probably had the other experience too. The one where the conversation isn’t two-way. The tone is negative, self-serving, or unproductive. You might have been in a place where you gave up trying to participate, or worse…you were fearful to bring your ideas to light.
It’s true. Human beings transform through conversation with others, and meaningful discourse that generates creative ideas, new ways of thinking and acceptance are what we crave. We want to be heard and seen. And most of us lack the skills for productive conflict. In those negative spaces, we often lack the commitment to be in a tough conversation even though we know that’s the only way to attain a breakthrough.
Through 10 years of working together with clients, teams, and organizations, Julia McAninch, Psy.D. and Benjamin Papa, PLLC have experienced how having the skills and commitment to stay in dialogue can generate amazing outcomes for those in conflict. We’ve seen teams of people rise to a better understanding of each other and gain a more open way of being together that generates incredible outcomes.
We bring a unique blend of professional education and experience,

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.425402
Retrieved Text: What to text girls about? This is probably the question that enters your mind the moment you notice that the girl you keep on texting with ignores you.
The text you have sent to her is completely boring and even annoying. You might ask why your text became boring and annoying. The answer is simple; the text is either dry or logical. An example of a dry text is the one which does not give a girl any sort of thrill or excitement. Similarly, the text that seems so logical is not interesting at all. Although you might want to portray yourself to her as someone who is intelligent, there is no need for sending a logical text message.
You already have her attention but you just let the wheels roll off. It means that you are already able to start and sustain a good conversation with her through texting, but you did not make any move that will intensify the conversation into a more intimate one. The move being referred to in this article does not necessarily mean that you have to go straight to her and take her to a romantic place. But the move being talked here refers to your effort of leading the conversation to a more passionate one.
Another possible reason why she ignore your text is you just keep on exchanging text messages with her with no showing of romantic intention at all. Of course, you cannot expect the girl to wait until you have finally said that you like her. If you

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.275198
Retrieved Text: February is a funny month. It ends much quicker than every other month. Even though it's only 2 days shorter, it is always ,suddenly, the month March. And it is always a good time to take stock of where you are at.
Do you remember the promises you made to yourself at the start of the year, 2 months ago? Maybe you wrote them down, maybe you didn't, but I'm sure you had a conversation with the little voice inside your head that went something like this "Things will be different this year"
Well now that we're nearly at the beginning of March, you should have another honest conversation with yourself.Are things different? Are you at the place you need to be at?
For those of you who are on track,try to up the ante a little, even by 1%. For those of you who have slowly drifted back into the place we call the comfort zone, you probably have about 4 weeks to make the change you need, to get to the place you want to go. If you haven't established the habit of doing the things you need to do by the end of March, it is unlikely that this year will be any different to last year for you.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.961065
Retrieved Text: One of the trickiest things about managing an open source project is getting people to be thoughtful about which forum they choose for different kinds of communications. It's tricky partly because it's not immediately obvious that it matters. During any given conversation, the participants are mostly concerned with what the people involved are saying, and won't usually stop to think about whether or not the forum itself gives others who might want to take part the opportunity to do so.
For example, a real-time forum like IRC is terrific for quick questions, for opportunistic synchronization of work, for reminding someone of something they promised to do, etc. But it's not a good forum for making decisions that affect the whole project, because the people who take part in a conversation in IRC are just whoever happened to be in the channel at that moment — it's very dependent on work schedules, time zones, etc. On the other hand, the development mailing list is a great place for making formal project-wide decisions, since every interested party will have an opportunity to see and respond to the relevant posts, even though it's not as well-suited to quick, real-time interactions as IRC is.
Another example comes up frequently in bug tracker usage, especially in the last few years as bug trackers have become so well integrated with email. Sometimes people will be drawn into a discussion in a bug ticket and because they simply see project-related emails coming in to their email client, they treat the discussion as though it's happening

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.841969
Retrieved Text: Internet > HML, What Does It Mean?
With the increase in the use of abbreviations and slang words online, life has been fun and confusing at the same time. You’ve probably heard and even used many slang words while chatting with friends or on a status update etc. like LOL, ROFL, TTUL and what not, but have you ever heard HML? What does HML mean?
If you have also received such an acronym and were confused then this article is for you. For the others, read it to make sure that you do not fall into the same puzzlement ever again.
First of all, let us see the full-forms of this word.
Both of these phrases are completely opposite of each other and your misinterpretation can change the whole direction of the conversation. So be careful.
As the name itself explains, ‘‘hate my life’’ is an expression used by the people to exaggerate the negative emotions and aspects/events that are taking place in their lives at the present.
‘Hate my life’ (HML) is the complete opposite of Love My life (LML). Although this can be a little overstating the events in one’s life but is used by the people anyways. This also helps them to get a little sense of relief as they share their thoughts with the other person.
The other meaning of HML is ‘‘hit my line’’.
Basically ‘Hit my line’ basically is a catchphrase that is used to indicate the person to get in touch. ‘Hit’ means to get in touch (call or text) and ‘line’ means the phone number of

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.758133
Retrieved Text: What exactly did cupid do? | I wrote a book. Now what?
Conversation is necessary, it moves the story along. In one little conversation, I try to expose a little back story, a bit of character/persona show, and some allusion to back story and of course a little foreshadowing. I pack in as much as I can to make it worth writing in the first place.
If the conversation doesn’t have a point the reader will know. It will also drag the story down. Each conversation should have a purpose, a reason for existing. Stiff conversation usually tells me I’m missing the human factor or emotion people exhibit when talking. If I read it aloud and it sounds like they are sitting stiff like Barbie and Ken then it needs a little smoothing out, relaxing of the sentences if you will. It also means I’m probably using filter words and too many dialog tags.
“Are you serious?” Val asked shocked and set her cup down.
“What is wrong with him?” Val asked.
“What did he say to you?” Val asked and leaned closer.
“I know,” Anne replied with disgust.
Blech, gag, and yawn. Oh boy. SO if that was a first or rough draft of a conversation I would definitely need to soften that up, relax it and take the starch out. Oh and oops I have too much ‘tell’ and not enough ‘show’ going on. This always happens in my first attempt.
“You’re serious?” Val covered her mouth and set down her now empty paper coffee cup.
“Ugh, I know.” Anne feigned disgust.
I may

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.603535
Retrieved Text: I do some on/off RPG games from time to time as I love pen-and-paper goodness. I've been an old time player of DnD and Dark Heresy with some new tries at Apocalypse World and Blades in the Dark.
Anyone else playing out there and if so, stories you'd like to share?
Re: RPG gamers out there?
I've been interested in D&D since I had a crash course campaign with friends. Was considering if one could be run on the forum.
I'm currently in two weekly campaigns, one of which is Dark Heresy, the other is a Round Robin where we take it in turns to run our campaign for a couple of months before moving on to the next person. Currently the RR is on Pathfinder, my campaign for that is Shadowrun 4e.
I have a great many stories but one of my favourites so far is when I created a mission for my Shadowrunners where they had to break into a collector's warehouse in Seattle, steal a leopard and transport it across the city to the docks where it would be shipped overseas. It wasn't until they broke into the warehouse that they realised it wasn't a big cat, it was a Leopard 2A8 Main Battle Tank which they then had to drive across the city without triggering any alarms. They'd already fitted a cage into a van to transport the expected feline.
That would certainly be interesting. Maybe enough to bring people out of the woodworks to play?
I've always wanted to try out 5th DnD as it's available on-line even

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.495863
Retrieved Text: “Let’s talk’’ are the two most important words you can say to an aging loved one.
Starting a conversation about potential long term care needs and the issues of aging isn’t always easy. But honest conversations now are essential to making sure you and the people you love can live life on your own terms. Being open today about what matters most means you can plan for the future you want.
From the moment you said “I do,” you made countless decisions together about your home, your family, and your careers. As you age, no decision is more important for every couple than deciding how and where you want to age, particularly if you need long term care. The sooner you start talking about it today, the more confidently you can plan for tomorrow.
When you were younger, your parents probably had “the talk” with you about adolescence and adulthood. It’s time for you to return the favor and have a talk with them about aging. It can be a tough conversation to start. But with 70% of people over 65 needing long term care services at some point 2, it’s important to start now so your whole family is clear on how and where your parents want to live out their later years.
Lifestyle: What does daily life look like now? What does your loved one expect it to look like in the future?
Legal: Is there a will/living will, durable power of attorney, or health care power of attorney in place? Are those documents up to date and accessible?
Finances:

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.4604
Retrieved Text: Bridge Builders Mediation Service is a new service set up to address the increasing number of requests for help we receive from churches, charities and organisations searching for different ways of addressing the conflicts that are causing them pain, fracturing relationships and disrupting the normal pattern of working.
The Mediation Service is being set up with support from the Kirby Laing Foundation who are funding initial costs to ensure the service meets the needs of those requesting help.
If you are dealing with tension and difference then you are probably entering into a place of conflict. If this is getting beyond your skill set and experience to deal with then you may need help. Mediation can take many forms, from two-party mediation through to large group reconciliation processes.
Please see below for details about how Bridge Builders might be able to help.
Our general approach We focus on helping people to address their hurts, identify key issues, build their own agreements for the future, and find an opening for God’s work of reconciliation.
This approach holds together problem-solving and healing – attending to practicalities but also acknowledging that conflicts grow from unmet needs and emotional tension. We call this approach conflict transformation.
If we are unable to lead the mediation ourselves, we will ask one of our Mediation Partners to take the lead, possibly working with one of our new graduates from the Mediating Interpersonal Conflicts course.
What is Mediation? Mediation is a structured approach of face to face dialogue to enable people to address their conflicts with each other in a safe

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.340805
Retrieved Text: It’s 7:00 a.m., you’re feeling barely alive, and you need a mighty jolt of caffeine to properly prepare you for the morning. Is that the best time to talk to your server about institutionalized racism and white supremacy? Would you like a shot of espresso coupled with a brief chat about the tenets of racial equality? Or that Oprah chai I keep hearing about?
I don’t want any of these things, so for all of CEO Howard Schultz’s intentions, I’m not sure what pushing Starbucks baristas to talk race with the stores’ customers will accomplish.
So, you’d like to discuss race in America based on instances of racial unrest tied to discrimination in the aforementioned cities, but “not to point fingers or to place blame.” In essence, this is encouraging banter but not serious or arguably meaningful conversation.
To have a real conversation about race in America is to discuss racism. Without looking at an issue wholly, you are having nothing more than superficial dialogue. It would be like first date conversation, only the kind the results in you never seeing that person again. Ever.
To be fair to Starbucks, the store does notable charity work and is now helping some of its baristas cover the costs of college. This comes across as an extension of their commitment to community. Even so, for many a working class or poor neighborhood resident, a new Starbucks is the first sign that a change is going to come — that will more than likely displace them. The CEO of Starbucks would probably find

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.330952
Retrieved Text: Standout from casual dating. They're trying to always start things. Hard as a good dating someone online and just choose questions can vouch for a run and others. Don't ask guys ask a big wedding. These online dating someone best online dating site for over 55 seeing what values he thinks are. Jump to ask your friends to be true, to ask out just women. By asking when you should just a manner that just met this site, he will do you? They're still willing to start with your life with me: asked an interesting conversation over. Four things you don't think he ask a public location. Nice single men out. We had problems sitting or you have fun. They're still willing to know what are understandably wary. There's a dating seriously. A great place. Many crazy people in love. Even meet the person to think. Does take you have fun and. Make him.
For men out and. A conversation starters are the guy she's chatting. They're trying to get to know. Kerri sackville wrote out, light-hearted queries, he wants out just make sure fire way to start by that you just feel powerless to get. Who the importance of some online dating? In the information so make idle conversation after he did it certainly influenced why guys online i. According to apologize to ask on someone, but they probably are some fun. Just be an online. It relatively casual relationship. At 18 i ask a conversation has given me again is huge right now you will

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.270205
Retrieved Text: Become an Expert Conversation Starter - Voice & Vision, Inc.
Written by Sheri Shifman on September 2, 2016 .
My husband is one of those people who can strike up a conversation with anyone. He learns the life story of the guy-Vinnie-at-the-pizza-place in the five minutes it takes to pick up our dinner. For me, it does not come so easily. As a college student, I was the person who sat uneasily at the beginning of class while everyone else (seemingly) chatted away with ease. While I smiled politely and said hello, my brain would then draw a blank. How could I connect to this person I knew absolutely nothing about? It was a source of great anxiety for me.
If you are uncomfortable with small talk, know that you are not alone! There are many books and articles on the subject, which indicates many others feel the same. Better yet, there are ways to overcome the anxiety. It does require stepping out of your comfort zone, but with practice it gets easier. How, you ask?
First, observe things about the people in the room that could become potential topics, particularly something you might be interested in yourself. If you see a doodles or sketches in their notebook, chances are they like art. Are they wearing an Eagles t-shirt? They must be a die-hard fan! You get the picture.
Based on your observations, choose someone to approach. You could also look for someone in your class that looks a bit shy themselves. They could have the same anxiety over striking up

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.213377
Retrieved Text: With coworking spaces becoming more popular in the Philippines, professionals and businesses will have more options in terms of the spaces available. The popularity of these spaces relates to the fact the workspaces give businesses the autonomy to shape the business day. Furthermore, relationships that are built in the space can be vital to the success of a business.
More significantly, though, is the fact your coworking space can be a place where much creativity is born, especially if the space is designed to encourage it. The social and often affable atmosphere makes it a place where professionals feel comfortable with letting their hair down. Furthermore, because the coworking platform pushes the whole idea of professionals working with each other instead of against each other, it fosters creativity. Your coworking space has a number of functions, and driving creativity is one of them.
Let’s take a closer look at how coworking can promote creativity.
Of the many office designs, the coworking space provides your business with the foundation for being creative by providing workspace in a more relaxed environment. Look around the typical space, and you will find the space is an open floor plan, even though they do provide private offices and desks. The hot desks typically are a part of the floor plan, some being removed from lounge areas and other more laid-back spaces opting to include sofas and other comfortable furniture. The wall décor is often artful, and bright in some cases, all in the hopes of creating space that generates innovative thinking.
More than any other

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.13149
Retrieved Text: Merrick, NY--How often does a customer come in the door with a specific objective that they reveal right away? More often than not, they probably will tell you they're just looking. Open the door to communication by using Ron Martin’s advice on those who are ‘just looking,’ and take the right steps and start a conversation. Click here to watch.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.13103
Retrieved Text: As we start to wind down the summer days and move into fall...(sssshhhhhhhh it is all happening too quickly!) Sunday mornings are really my meditation days. This blog allows me an opportunity to share thoughts, ideas, experiences, and the like.
As I continue to hopefully evolve and discover, I am brought back to the clarity of one's ongoing conversation with oneself. The self-narrative.
I believe it is necessary, and vital, to continue to examine that conversation: Where is it heading? Where is it leading? What does it reveal? Is it time to change direction? Is it time to re-integrate?
There are as many aspects of the conversation we have with ourselves, as their are facets to our being. It is a complex fabric that requires intimacy, time and respect.
One of those ongoing areas of conversation is where we are looking and what we are seeing.
Often as performers, as artists who perform and reveal to an audience, we are misunderstood in that we are attention seekers. There is a huge difference between "I want attention" and "Please pay attention". These are two difference conversations.
This goes on to how we approach the work, the opportunity, the task at hand. Does our conversation move inward and say "what do I do to develop this fully and reveal it?" or does it deflect the self and say "if I do this who will notice me?"
There is an enormous difference between "I want to reveal the work/the character/the process through my talent" and "look at me! watch me! see me!".
The desire for fame is

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.111517
Retrieved Text: How long does it take us to stop paying attention to mass shootings?
Less time than you probably think.
Orlando’s Pulse nightclub is now the site of the deadliest shooting in U.S. history after an armed shooter opened fire on the gay bar Saturday night, killing 49 people and injuring 53 more. Six remain in the hospital in critical condition.
Since the horrific tragedy took place, the world has rallied behind the victims and expressed outrage at the shooter. Twitter users have been sharing stories of the victims, sending their condolences to their families, and pushing Congress to finally take a stand on gun control using the hashtags #WeAreOrlando and #OrlandoUnited.
But how long do mass shootings stay a topic of social media discussion? When does a heartbreaking tragedy like Orlando become just another news story?
Far less time than you probably think.
To find out, the Daily Dot consulted Spredfast, a social media management firm that tracks online engagement. Spredfast compared tweet data following the Pulse shooting to previous national tragedies, including the attacks in San Bernardino, Brussels, Paris, and Charleston, all of which occurred within the last year.
What we found was that in every single incidence of mass violence, the social media discussion drops off significantly within two to three days after the initial attack. The following graphs, which we compared with Google Trends data, were provided exclusively by Spredfast.
On November 13, 2015, 130 people were killed in a series of coordinated strikes in Paris, including an attack on an Eagles of Death Metal concert at the city’s Bataclan concert

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.06922
Retrieved Text: Want to escape the city without escaping the Fringe? Want to immerse yourself in cultural arts and informative panels? Then get out of the city for the weekend and head over to the Beyond Borders International Festival, a liberal symposium on international relations that champions diversity within Scotland and its global neighbors.
Arrive at Waterloo Place for an hour-long free shuttle service to Traquair House, and make sure that you take a second to observe the gorgeous Scottish scenery that most city centre festival patrons unfortunately miss out on. Beyond Borders greets its patrons with an idyllic Walled Garden where most of the events take place, including Yoga & Meditation, Pop-Up Poetry, Film Screenings, Classic Indian Dance, and Beyond Borders Question Time (including my interview with the BBC’s Razia Iqbal). Across the grounds near the main house you will find informative panels on a variety of international, social, and cultural topics, notwithstanding; ex-CIA agent Valerie Plume and her ‘Betrayal by the White House’, ‘Populism and the New World Order’ ‘Where Now for Catalonia and Europe?’ Jodi Rudoren and her New York Times photojournalist display Hard Truths, and many more.
The brief reprise from the more metropolitan Festival Fringe cannot be understated – and Beyond Borders has landed a smashing venue in the shape of the serene Traquair House. The event does not suffer from overcrowding, though more people tend to arrive later in the afternoon. The grounds are decorated with yurts and tipis, dogs and peacocks – the latter of which is quite a pleasant surprise. Though the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.892365
Retrieved Text: "Very Practical. System for Better Conversation and Deep Rapport with Women"
Fixes biggest 'conversation skills' problems well, simple formula for creating 'chemistry' with a woman, practical exercises to aid implementation, fixes common issue that men have with getting 'Mystery Method' style game to work.
Noticeable lack of preparation and 'polish' to the product, more examples and guidance on how to connect everything together would have been useful.
This is a solid conversation skills program that solves the very common "not knowing what to say" problem and gives you a clear path to create great chemistry with women. It's the best conversation skills program we have found to date.
Note: You can get this course cheaper if you purchase it with Jon Sinn's other course the "Effortless Conversation System". If you purchase this as the upgrade option you are given to The Effortless Conversation System you get both courses for a lower price than this course on its own.
The name of this course is a little misleading.
First, it's a course that teaches you about conversation skills taking you from the basic principles and foundations though to building rapport and chemistry with women. So it's really a much broader course that covers on 'conversation skills with women' including the material on creating chemistry (deep rapport), which is more on the advanced side.
Second, you can put the "5 minutes" to the side. This program (or any program for that matter) isn't going to assure that you create chemistry with a woman within 5 minutes. In some situations it's possible - yes, but in

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.847794
Retrieved Text: SEO resellers are making some good money online these days and jumping in on the many opportunities. SEO resellers are finding all kinds of opportunities in search engine marketing products. You too can be come one of the successful SEO resellers. However, it may sound simple, but it does take work. This is not an easy business venture that will take no effort on your part. Although it is very exciting when you consider the amount of extra money you can make.
The SEO resellers have come to realize just how competitive this field is (see this article). As a result of it becoming such a competitive market now, the ones that become successful are the resellers that put the most effort and interest in what they are reselling. SEO firms are helping their SEO resellers become better educated on the search engine products that they offer. SEO resellers must also learn how to close the deal when reselling SEO. The SEO firms are helping others be more successful at that.
SEO resellers generate more clients for the search engine optimization firms. They are the ones that help the SEO firms increase their income by getting these new clients. As a result the resellers get paid for doing it. Both parties benefit from the SEO resellers marketing efforts. If you have a website you can offer search engine optimization plans on it. Just make sure you know what you are getting into. Talk in person with the SEO firm who can explain everything you need to know.
SEO resellers

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.842339
Retrieved Text: But even making myself remember simple things like this doesn’t make me any less nervous! Especially when I know my mom was hoping to say hello to her mom while they’re driving there, and T’s mom L was also hoping to be able to check on him- all using Damien’s phone- ‘coz T doesn’t have one and my granny’s phone is somewhere in her luggage. My mom says she managed to get hold of him a few hours ago and she said he said they’re fine- but his phone went off mid conversation and none of us have been able to get through since. I should have thought to tell him not to play games until he gets to where they’re going… Coulda, shoulda, woulda! Does any of this explain why I could lock him in his room till he’s forty- and big enough to take care of himself- without batting an eyelid?!
i was THIS CLOSE do doing exactly that tat- THIS CLOSE i tell you!
Oh dear, i would probably be already driving to wherever he is supposed to be… PARANOID mother?
You know that everything is probably fine, but it’s still frustrating when you’ve done all you can and you don’t know for sure.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.808361
Retrieved Text: If you attend social events or participate in other types of group activity where conversation plays a key part in what everyone is expected to be doing, then you probably had to use conversation starters. If you felt good about the occasion, then either you or your conversation partners knew how to start a conversation.
Do you have a difficult time to start a talk with someone you barely knew? Some of us find it a bit tough to begin a conversation with the unfamiliar person. We can't judge someone until we meet them. We don't have any idea what are this person's ideas or interest. We don't have any clue if this person will enjoy your company and both sides or if the both of you don't match any perception in life.
Every relationship starts out with that first conversation, whether it's friendship, a dating relationship or even a business relationship. In many cases, the future of the relationship is based upon that first conversation and the conversation starters you use, which may seem scary if you don't naturally have the "gift of gab." Using open questions is a good tactic when first chatting with someone. This means you are likely to find common interests and create new bonds. Although that first discussion doesn't have to make you best of friends, you want to make a connection.
This book is will educate you the art and skills of starting a conversation.
Yes, You Can Discuss Politics At The Holiday Table. Here’s How.
So, what can you do to know about

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.69766
Retrieved Text: Will Friendfeed move to mainstream?
A great deal has been written about Friendfeed and its phenomenal growth. This popular social site enables sharing of items across various social sites with others and also allows comment on items shared by friends. However, the ability to post direct to FF is limited. Here’s the typical flow of information to FF, which as you will see is mostly from direct blog posts and other news aggregators.
Maybe this is a concious choice by FF to be a super-aggregator of feeds rather than a social bookmarking or sharing site. In which case, ability to share or post directly to the site is not as critical.
The Friendfeed blog recently described their favorite new application – Mail2FF, a new Friendfeed application that lets you send pictures directly to Friendfeed through email.
Since we launched our API, avid FriendFeed users and developers have built all sorts of cool applications. One of our favorites is Mail2FF, which lets you easily post pictures to FriendFeed via email. Built by Gary Burd, it lets you post messages directly to FriendFeed using a special email address that consists of your FriendFeed nickname and your FriendFeed Remote Key.
I think it’s a great idea and what I would also like to see is direct posting of news to FF from some of the mainstream media sites.
The mainstream adoption of social aggregators is highly debatable and to say the social landscape is fragmented would be an understatement. I think becoming a super-aggregator of all content from all social sites is a brilliant strategy

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.664131
Retrieved Text: On the last day of July, we can all feel it. The summer we were longing for is feeling like it has slowly begun to slip away and soon enough it will be September again.
Most of us probably did not get to sit in a hammock above a beach and just relax for a few days.
So, how do you engage with your team as they are beginning to feel the “end of summer blues” too?
One tip is to give them something to look forward to for the rest of the year! What does this actually look like?
We’d suggest taking 30 minutes over the next week or two to meet with each team member.
Begin by asking engaging questions about them.
How are they doing? What are they enjoying about their job? Why? What would they like to do more of? What are they passionate about?
As they are talking, really listen to what they are saying and seek to understand more of who they are and where they are coming from.
At the end of your time together, decide on one thing that they can do as a result of this conversation.
This won’t necessarily take away the blues of another summer that has slipped away but it probably will give each team member something to look forward to in the weeks to come!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.630117
Retrieved Text: Our market is YOUR market. Seriously. Our goal is to be a gathering place for our community, a place where everyone really does know your name, and a place where you feel the most comfortable asking questions, finding treasures and simply enjoying some good conversation. Hang around and find out a bit about us in the pages that follow. To really get to know us, stop on by!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.575377
Retrieved Text: While it’s lovely to think that we can avoid most difficult conversations, in fact, they cannot be avoided. But, before we jump into that difficult conversation there is an opportunity to prepare. How we prepare for the conversation will make all the difference.
This FREE 15 minute mini-course will teach you how to prepare to face a difficult conversation so that you have the best chance of a successful outcome.
The workplace is filled with stress and conflict and confusion. We all think that most of this is avoidable but in fact it’s not. We have to deliver “bad news” or deal with people who are defensive or demanding. Misunderstandings are common. We’re working hard, fast, and under great pressure. Sometimes we don’t agree. We have different values and goals and opportunities. We mis-hear something. We give meaning and value to a comment that was not intended. Almost daily we are faced with having to have a difficult conversation. What will we do? We have two basic choices: Face it or avoid it.
An overview of why fears occur around difficult conversations and how to manage them.
How to choose what you are willing to risk in the conversation.
Techniques to remain focused on the most important issue in the conversation.
Ways to measure and determine your success before the conversation occurs.
To BUILD your confidence and control your anxiety. My system will teach you how to control your “fight or flight” mechanism that runs your brain and take you past the fear that’s getting in your way.
How to practice your state of

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.556194
Retrieved Text: Scott Hutcheson works with local and regional communities across the U.S. and abroad, helping civic leaders implement strategies to grow their local economies and ensure quality of life for residents.
Wood or metal? Classic or contemporary? Statement-making thick or barely there minimalist? There are a lot of choices when picking out a picture frame, not to mention choosing a mat and deciding whether you want glare-free or just regular glass. My wife and I face this decision now and again when we decide to frame something important - a new photo of our children or a piece of art we've found.
Frames matter. Here's another angle to framing. It's about how conversations get framed, especially conversations about communities.
Perhaps a visit to fictitious Midville can illustrate the point. Think of Midville as an average community. It could be a town or a neighborhood; its residents are good folks - folks who care about where they live.
When they gather at the corner coffee shop, the beauty parlor, at their kids' soccer games or even virtually in the online discussion board, midvillebabble.com, they talk about what's going on in the community. Each of these discussions is framed in a specific way that sets the parameters and points toward a specific direction.
David Cooperrider, a professor of organizational behavior at Case Western Reserve University, noted that people and organizations move in the direction of their conversations, and the way in which those conversations get framed help to determine what that direction will be. Cooperrider developed something he called “appreciative inquiry” or AI. He

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.543732
Retrieved Text: Ever joined in a Twitter conversation? You know the ones; they normally start with hashtag # and happen at the same time every week – ones like #ukedchat or #edchat or #sltchat. There are lots of them about for teachers, all over the world. In fact, you could probably take part in one every hour of every day – there’s so many. General teaching ones, pedagogy, specialist subject , secondary, primary, special education, specific countries, specific states, specific continents, specialist roles in education and of course all the #unconferences and #teachmeets and #sltcamps – it’s all happening out there on Twitter, everybody’s joining in the conversation.
Or are they? Of course there are lots of teachers who are not on Twitter who are not joining in, but what about those who are – are you really joining in a conversation, or are you just talking out loud and giving your opinion?
What does it actually take to be part of a conversation? Well, the first thing you have to do it listen, and I know you will all say you read others posts before you respond, so the questions then are – how do you respond and what’s your reason for responding? Do you respond to find out more about that post, that person, their circumstances? Or do you respond to tell them your opinion, your judgments, your experiences and your circumstances? How many times do you post on Twitter with a question and how many times do you post with a statement? Which type of person would

================



======= Instance Index 33 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Are you having a problem?

M: Yes. I have to do a research paper for history. There's a major book that I need, but I can't find it.

W: Did you try the card list?

M: Yes, but it's not there.

W: Well, if it's a recent book, it won't be in the card list. All information about books since 1995 is in the computer. I advise you to try that.

M: No wonder! This book is published in 1998.

W: All you have to do is to type in the title or the writer's name.

M: Do you mean it will tell me whether the book is out or not?

W: Yes, it will. It will also give you the due date if it is out. If the book is in the library, it will tell you where you can find the book.

Question: What is the man doing? 

- Returning some books.

- Looking for a book.

- Writing a research paper.

Target Text: Looking for a book.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 13.557559
Retrieved Text: 15-year-old Makes Care Bags for Foster Kids | Brut.
What a thoughtful young man. Amazing.
This foster dad takes in terminally ill kids.
OMG, my little cousin, tears r in my eyes. I am so proud of u. God bless u.
What a great humanitarian this young man is and demonstrates to us , what we all need to be doing, whenever possible.
So much greatness in one young man! 👏🏻 AMAZING.
When we fostered I made sure an empty case was given to the child to use to pack as all too often they came to us with black bin liners, such a disgrace!
Kudos to this young man!
Beautiful. One question, does anyone know if foster parents provide bags/clothing for their foster child?
I wish we had a few here in my country. Sigh.
Yessssss!! You are doing what we are doing at in 8 counties in Tennessee! Love what you are doing, love your thoughts on duffel bags and new items! We are with you on those! Love when his mom says: my kid started this but it brings me so much joy! And “I’m getting addicted to packing these bags!!” I KNOW, RIGHT!?!! I love this! 🙌🏻🙌🏻🖤 Keep on, y’all!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 13.346292
Retrieved Text: Frankie and Johnny is an American song that is, apparently, based on a real late nineteenth century murder. In October 1899, twenty-two year-old Frankie Baker, of St. Louis, shot her seventeen year-old boyfriend, Allen Britt, after he returned home from a dancing contest. He had won a slow-dancing prize with Nellie Bly, the song’s ‘other woman’. Britt died from his wounds a few days later. That same year a song called ‘Frankie Killed Allen’ appeared, and in 1912, the song - more or less - took on its current form as ‘Frankie and Johnnie’. It has been performed and recorded by a vast and somewhat eclectic array of artists - Lead Belly, Bob Dylan, Doc Watson, Merle Haggard, Elvis Presley, Sammy Davis Jnr and Gene Vincent, to name but a few. The YouTube video will give you some ideas about what you can do to spice up the song’s otherwise rather bland chords.
Lord, how they did love.
He was her man, but he was doing her wrong.
To buy Johnny a new suit of clothes.
"Has my lovin' Johnny been here?
Have you seen my man? I think he's doing me wrong."
He was your man - I think he's doing you wrong."
With that high-browed Nellie Bly.
He was her man, and he was doing her wrong.
Right through that hardwood door.
She shot her man 'cos he was doing her wrong.
I was your man, but I was doing you wrong."
And she ain't gonna bring him back.
She shot that man 'cos he was doing her wrong.
That there ain't no good in the men.
He was

########
Rank: 2
Score: 13.272322
Retrieved Text: "When it's more than just a job"
The young man walked into the corner store and asked the man behind the counter if he could borrow his phone for a couple of minutes. The man behind the counter gave him a thorough look over and then slid the phone across the counter where the young man could reach it. The young man punched in the number he wanted and waited for someone to answer. When the person on the other end answered the young man asked," Could you use an honest hard-working young man to work for you?" There was a pause and then the young man said, "oh, you already have an honest hard-working young man." "Well, ok, thanks just the same." Then he hung up the phone smiling and handed it back to the man behind the counter. The man behind the counter told him, "I couldn't help but hear what you asked, and even the answer. So why are you so happy?" The young man replied, "I am that young man, I was just checking up on my job."
Isn't that a great story? I wonder what the reply would be if we checked up on our job like the young man did. Are we doing a good job, are we giving as much as we should to our employer? How about as parents? Are we doing the best we can in raising our children in this crazy mixedup world? Or are we leading by example in the wrong direction? How about if you called

########
Rank: 3
Score: 13.090406
Retrieved Text: What do you do when you see a fine person?
What do you do when Konji calls and your partner has traveled?
I'll find the next available candidate. Do I know what my partner is doing?
If your partner earns 400k a month and you ear 300k how much do you both have at the end of the month?
You and who is doing a joint account?
Which of these would you rather?
Will You Marry A Rich Man Or A Poor Man?
Which Celebrity Couple Represents You And Bae?!!!
Do Your Friends See You As Cute Or Hot?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 13.080236
Retrieved Text: "What are you doing to that poor man?"
rights than you......let him go or I'll call the cops."
"What are you doing to that poor man?" "He's an undocumented alien and he has more rights than you......let him go or I'll call the cops."

########
Rank: 5
Score: 13.017345
Retrieved Text: A young man came walking up to his grandparent's house when he noticed his grandfather sitting on the porch, in a rocking chair, with nothing on from the waist down.
"Grandpa, what are you doing?" he exclaimed.
"Grandpa, what are you doing sitting out here with nothing on below the waist?" he asked again.
The old man slowly looked at him and said, "Well, last week I sat out here with no shirt on, and I got a stiff neck. This is your grandma's idea."

########
Rank: 6
Score: 12.972116
Retrieved Text: A man was walking down the street when he noticed his grandpa sitting on the porch, in the rocking chair, with nothing on from the waist down. "Grandpa, what are you doing?" he exclaimed. The old man looked off in the distance and did not answer him. "Grandpa, what are you doing sitting out here with no pants on?" he asked again.
The old man slyly looked at him and said, "Well last week I sat out here with no shirt on, and I got a stiff neck. This was your Grandma's idea!!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 12.966484
Retrieved Text: Man is not real smart as he does not know what is going to happen tomorrow or even 10 minutes from now. The Lord God knows all these things before they happen, so it is very very smart to let him guide, and do with us what his will is in every word we say, and in everything we do! That is true liberty, and freedom. Man is like an instrument in the hands of a Holy God to be used for his Glory. An instrument does not tell the person using it what to say, or do, it is simply being used by its user.
The Bible tells us how to become an instrument of righteousness to be used by God.
“If a man will purge himself from these......” What is man supposed to “purge” himself from? “Iniquity”!!
It is pretty easy to identify most of these things, but what is hard to identify are the things that look holy, pure, and just but are not! Jesus reveals what some of these things are that seem to be holy.
How could these things be called “iniquity”? A lot of Church's today have these exact things happening all the time! What makes them iniquity?
Signs do not follow people, they follow “faith” wherever it is! If we remove the “believing” part in this verse, then there are no signs. We can choose to make signs if we want to, but only the appearance of doing them. This is called “iniquity”!!! Anytime we decide to do something without God's leading, or his

########
Rank: 8
Score: 12.956249
Retrieved Text: "The service man was friendly, knew what he was doing, and did a good job. Thanks!"
The service man was friendly, knew what he was doing, and did a good job. Thanks!
They are prompt, they clean up their miss, you can depend on them and they are always on time. Keep up the good work.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 12.953989
Retrieved Text: “How is love not good for everybody?” Acorn asked.
The little brownie was perched on the Angry Laughing Man’s shoulder while the man worked, messing with wires and tools, beside the lamppost. While the man toiled, drilling a hole into the black metal of the post, Acorn told him the story about their failed attempt to wish Ms. Rune into falling in love with Franklin the centaur.
“Love is good, but what your doing isn’t love,” the Angry Laughing Man said as he took out a tape measure, stretching it across the apple-sized hole he had made.
“Howso?” Acorn asked, swinging their little legs. The little brownie had never heard such an absurd thing before.
“Love requires choice to grow.
What you’re doing is coercion.” The Angry Laughing Man seemed satisfied with the hole as he let the tape snap itself closed.
“What do you mean?” Acorn huffed.
“Yes it is!” Acorn leapt to their feet, and wished they had chosen to have wings in the brief second the little brownie almost fell off the Angry Laughing Man’s shoulder before they managed to grab his ear.
their perch asked while offering a hand to help resettle Acorn on his shoulder.
“Because you aren’t a Faerie Friend,” Acorn decided.
The Angry Laughing Man shook one out of a little tube from his pocket and presented it palm open to Acorn.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 12.877888
Retrieved Text: "A férfi lát egy nőt."
Translation:The man sees a woman.
Why is there a t at end of woman?
That's the accusative case marker. The woman is the direct object of "see" (she's the thing being seen) and nő is in the accusative case as nőt to mark that.
A bit like in English we would say "I see him" and not "I see he" -- the "him" has to be in the objective case as the direct object.
Could you translate this as "The man looks at the woman"?
No. "look" and "see" are different words in English, just as "néz" and "lát" in Hungarian.
How about "The man watches a woman?"
Not really. Lát is the more passive 'seeing'. 'To watch' would be better translated with néz or figyel.
Could I also say, "Egy no"t a férfi lát" and "A férfi egy no"t lát", and if so, would these be different nuances of the same idea?
Yes, either is possible. You can also go full circle and add "Egy nőt lát a férfi." And a couple more.
A férfi lát egy nőt. - Pretty neutral. If you put a bit vocal emphasis on "a férfi", it gets focus on the fact that the man is doing the seeing, not anybody else.
Egy nőt a férfi lát. - Same as above, but a bit more uncommon, since the topic here, "a woman", is indefinite. You can use it if the topic of the talk has been about women in general.
A férfi egy nőt lát. / Egy nőt lát a férfi. - Here the focus is on the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 12.84835
Retrieved Text: 1 ) What is the old lady doing to the poor cat? [5s] 2 ) What is happening to the boy in the yellow jersey? [10s] 3 ) What are the members of the gang eating? [15s] 4 ) How many crying babies are there in the pushchair? [20s] 5 ) What are the boys doing? [25s] 6 ) Where is the man putting the pot of noodles? [40s] 7 ) What are all the people doing with their mobiles? [1mn] 8 ) What’s wrong with the passenger’s door?
Send your answers to : [email protected] before the 5th of January.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 12.840215
Retrieved Text: Papers, Please released a couple years ago, but it struck a chord with many who played it. One of the most discussed elements was the decision-making process between doing what is right and doing what is necessary. First-person role-playing game Family Man looks to take a close look at that aspect through the lens of the 2008 financial crisis.
Normally I shy away from the low-polygon look of a lot of 3D indie games (though there are always exceptions), but the trailer and the premise behind Family Man have me intrigued. Following the descent from a decent job to a less desirable one to a life of crime could be a poignant commentary on the world today. I'm mostly curious to see how developer Blue Button Games handles player choice; branching pathways and multiple endings are advertised, so it could be interesting to see what happens to those who don't go down the path of murder-for-hire.
Family Man is currently seeking approval on Steam Greenlight, with an expected release next year for PC.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 12.737879
Retrieved Text: Just perfect!!!! Oh so perfect!
And such a beautiful one, at that!
I just love that second one!!
What every one else said.
He is a handsome little man!
So so so cute! I love his eyelashes and his boots!
Just a perfect little man!
What a beautiful and happy little man. I am so glad that he is finally a part of your family.
Love the photos, Ade is sooooo cute!!!
What a lovebug! How can you not want to kiss those cheeks all day long! Glad to see that he is doing so well.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 12.732536
Retrieved Text: RUSSELL BRAND WILL BE LARRY'S GUEST FRIDAY NIGHT!
Oh My Gosh Larry! You are making her relive the abuse by making her listen to these tapes again! What are you doing? Are you on Mel's payroll too!?!?! I thought she was a gold digger but after this interview I have much more respect for her...She WAS abused and it IS domestic violence and she IS standing up for EVERY women who is the victum of Domestic Violence. You are brave Oskana! Mel does need help – he has an illness. I do not hate him, but he needs help. I'm sure he will kill himself after listening to this interview. God Bless all involved!
One thing for certain NO INTELLIGENT DECENT MAN will ever marry this woman. What man would what a woman who goes to national TV to shame a man. If, she was truly frightened she would be talking to the police/judges/therapist's. She isn't frightened she loves the negative attention..and NO DECENT man would ever marry her. She is vindictive, fabricates reality, and will do anything for money. She puts her emotional needs above her children–CONSTANTLY! She didn't represent any organization for abuse-because anyone who has lived through an abusive situation knows THAT any woman who loves her children if she was frightened would go tot he police not go on an European TRIP. I think what happened is she got dumped and she is making him pay! I think she is doing some of the things she is doing because she is jeolous of Robyn's

########
Rank: 15
Score: 12.701685
Retrieved Text: Our vows bind us together in community. We commit ourselves to share with one another who we are, what we have and what we do. Thereby we form a community as did those who first believed in Christ’s resurrection and were possessed by His Spirit. The whole group of believers was united, heart and soul.
Within the Congregation of Holy Cross, Blessed Basil Moreau dedicated our religious brothers to the patronage of St. Joseph. Just as St. Joseph was an integral part of the Holy Family, so too, our brothers have an essential presence in the Holy Cross family.
Brothers profess the vows of poverty, celibacy, and obedience and in doing so commit themselves to the common work, prayer, and life in Holy Cross. In service to the Church, our brothers answer Christ's call to go out to all the nations and make the Gospel known. They do this primarily as teachers, administrators, or directors in the schools, parishes and missions of Holy Cross around the world. In their commitment to the communal prayer of Holy Cross they strive to grow in holiness and draw the world into deeper holiness.
Their participation in the common life unites our community and provides support and encouragement for their confreres. In their "yes" to Christ's invitation to follow him, they make themselves radically open to serving the needs of the Church and the world.
What is a religious brother?
"He is a man of prayer," responds the late Br. John J. Platte, C.S.C. "A man dedicated to God and to his vows. A man

########
Rank: 16
Score: 12.668234
Retrieved Text: Many people think that to rule over sin, I mean, to have a controlling attitude upon or towards it, is what holiness is all about. But we read here that it is a direct cause of not being able or willing to do as one ought. Sin is sin, and unless it is really dead and burned down to its remembrances even, it is disputing our soul, it is disgusting and remains unholy – whatever good it is able to perform and do or to think it does, it is not acceptable. A man is able to give a flower to commit adultery. Evil is able to perform goodness to be accepted too. To be able to rule over sin is a direct sign of not being accepted by God, even if one has accepted Christ or God according to modern doctrine and not to be accepting Him as He is and as He becomes real unto them right through.
And, the words “doing good”, do not mean to be able to pay attention towards the poor as Catholics might believe along with the world, for the world has a spirit of wanting to be thought of and to think of, to be accepted and accepting and be cared for and to care for so sin may be cared for all along. Sin is the pet of man’s actions even in disguise. Doing that kind of good is not goodness at all. When the Bible talks about doing good, it just means, mainly, to be free to

########
Rank: 17
Score: 12.658369
Retrieved Text: the hardest level in Crash Bandicoot.. OR OF ALL TIME?!?!
MAN I HAVE NOT SEEN THAT GAME IN YEARS!!!
DAN! PLAY MORE HAT IN TIME!
This is a awesome game!!!!
WHAT! NO! WHAT IS THAT GUY DOING! THIS IS BAD, THIS IS BAD, THIS IS BAD! SEE I'M SMASHING IT! SMASHING IT!
YES! NO! WHAT IS THAT GUY DOING! OH YES! SEE I'M SMASHING IT!
This just shows how committed how Dan is! I love that about him!!!
DAN YOUR WRONG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!…CUP HEAD IS HARDER!!!!!!!!!!!!
WHAT?! NO! What is that guy doing? This is bad, this bad, THIS IS BAD!! See I'm smashing it, SMASHING IT! YES, NO! What is that guy doing? OH, YES! See I'm SMA-SHI-ING IT!
Cause I am smashing it !! smashing it !!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 12.6446705
Retrieved Text: Ant-Man (Scott Lang) FAQs 2019- Facts, Rumors and the latest Gossip.
Ant-Man (Scott Lang) FAQs: Facts, Rumors, Birthdate, Net Worth, Sexual Orientation and much more!
Who is Ant-Man? Biography, gossip, facts?
Scott Lang is a fictional character featured in the American comic books published by Marvel Comics. He is the second superhero character to use the name Ant-Man in the Marvel Universe following the original Dr. Henry Pym. Lang is a reformed thief and an electronics expert.
Is Ant-Man still alive? Are there any death rumors?
Yes, as far as we know, Ant-Man is still alive. We don't have any current information about Ant-Man's health. However, being younger than 50, we hope that everything is ok.
What is Ant-Man's real name?
Ant-Man's full given name is Ant-Man.
Are there any books, DVDs or other memorabilia of Ant-Man? Is there a Ant-Man action figure?
We would think so. You can find a collection of items related to Ant-Man right here.
Who are similar fictional characters to Ant-Man?
Cavewoman, Crossbones (comics), Doctor Minerva, Horde (comics) and Maxam are fictional characters that are similar to Ant-Man. Click on their names to check out their FAQs.
What is Ant-Man doing now?
Supposedly, 2019 has been a busy year for Ant-Man (Scott Lang). However, we do not have any detailed information on what Ant-Man is doing these days. Maybe you know more. Feel free to add the latest news, gossip, official contact information such as mangement phone number, cell phone number or email address, and your questions below.
Is Ant-Man hot or not?
Well, that is up to you to decide! Click the "HOT"-Button if you

########
Rank: 19
Score: 12.638526
Retrieved Text: Directions: In this section，you will hear six conversations between two speakers. For each conversation, there are several questions and each question is followed by three choices marked A, B and C. Listen carefully and then choose the best answer for each question.
A. Wednesday.          B. Thursday. C. Friday.
1.      What will the woman do first?
A. Take a shower.    B. Go camping. C. Set up a time.
2. When will the man probably call the woman?
A. Thursday. B. Friday. C. Sunday.
3.      What is the man going to do?
A, Have a coffee break. B. See a doctor. C. Buy a pet.
4.      What happened to the man?
A. He fell ill.      B. He lost his dog. C. He slept badly.
5.      What is the woman?
A. A bus driver.         B. A waitress. C. A tour guide.
6.      What does the man want to get?
A. Some gifts. B. A menu. C. A bus schedule.
7.      What did the man do yesterday?
A. He saw a movie. B. He watched TV.
C. He visited some friends.
8.      What time will the speakers probably meet this Saturday evening?
A. At 6:30.        B. At 7:00.        C. At 7:30.
9.      Which of the following will the man buy?
A. Some drinks.        B. A birthday cake. G. Concert tickets.
10. What is the woman doing now?
A.     She is serving a customer.
B.     She is conducting an interview.
C.     She is doing some recording.
11 .When does the man go to the nursing home?
A. Tuesdays.    B. Thursdays. C. Sundays.
12.   Where will the man probably be working next Monday?
A.     At the airport nearby.
C.     At the store downtown.
13.   Why does the woman call the man?
A.     The oven doesn’t work.
B.     The

########
Rank: 20
Score: 12.638345
Retrieved Text: There are some things that Jesus always does. Jesus imitates the Father. Men typically mirror what they look at and if they do that long enough, they start to become the very thing they imitate.
Jesus shows the way. I watch what the Father does, and I imitate. You watch what I do, and you imitate. Some pretty astounding stuff happens when men turn their attention away from themselves and toward God.
We’re talking about influencing other men for Christ. Don’t back away from influence. Influence is what people do to help. Righteous acts display our faith so that we can share our faith. We help others, so they can find Christ. We first need to see what Jesus is doing and then we follow His lead. Each man works in his area as Jesus’ apprentice. Each man influences those around him through his technique, relationship with others, understanding, and ethics. What he uses that influence for, himself or Christ, depends upon how closely he is looking at what Jesus is doing. So watch Him.
· Help your men to discover what Jesus is doing right where they are – in their jobs, families, and communities.
· Align men’s group activities, Bible studies, and resources to incorporate those things.
Let Les McMahan or Jim Boscaljon, Co-Director of Alliance Men Ministries, know what you need. They can pray with you, help you find options for your men’s ministry, or connect you to other men’s groups in the district for support.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.625859
Retrieved Text: I saw your lover an hour ago with a gal named Nellie Bligh. He is my man and hes doing me wrong. He is your man and hes doing you wrong. He was her man he was doing her wrong.
Instagram, Facebooks hotter, snootier subsidiary, may have a massive data breach on its hands. You see, not everyone who signs up get their account activated. Hes my man he was doing me wrong. Frankie looked over in transom she saw to her susrprice.
And locked me down in the dungeon cell and throw that key away. The reason I said an old and unused PC is that if your current computer is too slow, adding another software to it may slow it down even more. The pay also varies based on the country you live in. You probbaly have thought about working from home before, especially if you have a long daily commute to work.
The good news is that there are InboxDollars pays you to watch videos, search, shop, take surveys, and more.
Uack these tips from a local on how. That said, the program limits how much one can earn on any given month. I shot my man he was doing me wrong. This story just goes to show that there aint pesr good in man. More Money Hacks You probbaly have thought about working from home before, especially if you have a long daily commute to work.
Swore to be true to each other true as the stars above. The only thing it collects is the data on

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.614557
Retrieved Text: 1- What season was it when the stranger arrived?
2- What was the Invisible Man’s favorite room?
3- What was the stranger doing before he wanted tea?
4- What did the women do when she heard the noise in the hall?
6- What was in the crate that perceived?
7- What did the stranger look like when he was in the bar?
8- When the people spotted the invisible man what was the man holding?
9- What two things did the invisible man steal?
10- What does Mr. Marvel compare what he feels like to?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.603538
Retrieved Text: Socorrito is an amazing man.
Briggs didn't like the way Juergen cooked.
Vice is unscrupulous, isn't he?
Rebecca works in a hit-or-miss fashion.
What Heidi saw made him nervous.
Guy is the new man in charge.
Briggs was detained for questioning.
Sigurd focuses on the positive and doesn't dwell on the negative.
Root writes something in his diary every evening, no matter how tired he is.
Timo turned to the man next to him and asked him what time it was.
Kevan's point of view is almost the same as mine.
Liber thinks Rik should apologize to John for not doing what she said she'd do.
I don't think that's what Scot said.
Conrad still lives with his parents.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.599392
Retrieved Text: So now that Preview Weekend is over, what is everyone doing to hold them over until Sept. 7th?
Personally I'm going to take the chance I have, while no MMO is stealing my life away, and revisit some single-player games that I havn't picked up for years or that I never finished.
Re: So, whats everyone doing?
Staying Aoc in the meantime .
Grats on the puppy man. And Madden? I gotta say, thats pimp. Is he/she going to be your football buddy?
PUNT IT!!!, J/P grats man , now make sure you raise it right.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.586896
Retrieved Text: A WPIX reporter was assaulted while on assignment.
An unhinged man pulled open the back door of a WPIX news van and slapped the cell phone out of a reporter’s hand in Queens Wednesday, then tried to run him over with an SUV, according to video footage obtained by the Daily News and sources familiar with the incident.
Suddenly, a man walked up to the back of the van and pulled open the back door, while a startled Benavides recorded him with his cell phone camera, sources said.
“Dude, what are you doing, what are you doing?” Benavides says.
When Benavides says, “Guy, we’re working. We’re working,” the man snaps back, “I will f--- you up,” and bats the phone out of the reporter’s hand.
Sources said the man tried to run Benavides over with his SUV as he picked up the phone, then tried to run him down a second time before he got safely back into the van.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.585759
Retrieved Text: FROM BEARS: Everyone grabbed a sign and displayed it on their chests during our morning Extraordinary Man class. Each sign represented their main MAN-BRAND that signified how each man in the room has previously (previous to this program) showed up in their lives. THE FAKER. THE FIXER. THE WIMP. STEADFAST. THE WOMANIZER. THE LOVER. THE CONTROLLER. THE PEACEMAKER. THE PEOPLE-PLEASER. THE CONFUSED ONE. INDECISIVE. THE TEACHER. THE WOBBLER. THE PACK MULE. SENSITIVE ONE.
The purpose of our man-brands -- to identify, then claim ownership and then seek to understand why we choose these positions and posturing as men. Not so much only as men, but as people -- with a specific gender-orientation. Be strong (at least appear strong). Don't show emotion. Anger is okay but not fear (though we're often fearful). We want to love but showing loving gestures could be a sign of weakness. We want to be gentle and tender but we've had little or no guidance or training on how to do this.
We are where we are...the sum total of all the man-beliefs we've learned and then empowered. But we come to understand we can change our beliefs...and thus change our man-brands. We can put aside the fixer and the faker, the controller and the peacemaker and ask ourselves (as we did and will continue to do all week) -- how do we want to be a man going forward?.
Each of us looks inside (no longer looking outside for the answers or approval). It's not about being our father's version of men...or some societal

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.575436
Retrieved Text: Follow Brown Man Clothing Co. on Social Media. Connect. Follow. Like. Subscribe.
BE A MEMBER OF THE #BROWNMANFAM.
Brown Man Clothing Co. isn't just a clothing company. It is a movement. A revolution towards changing the perception of all things South Asian.
And we want you to be a part of that revolution. Click. Like. Share. Follow. Comment. We're big on social media and we want your opinion on what we're doing and how we're doing it. Be part of the ever growing #brownmanfam and #bebrown with us.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.566634
Retrieved Text: I am developing some processors for Nifi. They do work in 1.1 but the documentation does not show up in the Help.
So what am I doing wrong? Can somebody help?
> I am developing some processors for Nifi. They do work in 1.1 but the documentation does not show up in the Help.
> So what am I doing wrong? Can somebody help?
wenn man in Nifi die Help aufruft, dann erscheinen alle Hilfstexte für die Prozessoren. Nifi genriert diese beim Start im Ordner work/docs/components. Auch für meine Prozessoren werden html seite genriert, aber ich kann die Hilfstexte norgendwo finden.
Irgendwo muss ichen Fehler machen.
> > I am developing some processors for Nifi. They do work in 1.1 but the documentation does not show up in the Help.
> > So what am I doing wrong? Can somebody help?
You are right. There is no help text for any own written processor.
index.html file but the content isn't shown on the help page.
written processor on the NiFi Help (menu -> right side drop down -> Help)?
> wenn man in Nifi die Help aufruft, dann erscheinen alle Hilfstexte für die Prozessoren. Nifi genriert diese beim Start im Ordner work/docs/components. Auch für meine Prozessoren werden html seite genriert, aber ich kann die Hilfstexte norgendwo finden.
> Irgendwo muss ichen Fehler machen.
>>> I am developing some processors for Nifi. They do work in 1.1 but the documentation does not show up in the Help.
>>> So what am I doing wrong? Can somebody help?
Can you show a screenshot of your processor on the graph perhaps?
Can you clarify which

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.537143
Retrieved Text: Hello to everyone. Let’s not make this initial introduction impersonal. My name is William W. Koonce, but most people call me Billy. I am a father of six, and husband to Susan. I received my B.S. from Southern Illinois University, and my MA from Bellevue University. Like most of you, I strive to find balance between doing what I like and doing what I must. Fortunately, I feel I must write and I like doing it. What a stroke of luck!
Soul Redeemer: Tall Man in a Hat is my first novel. I have started on my second novel in what I affectionately call the Soul Redeemer Series.
Come and join Father Daniel, a man of diminutive stature with the most important job on earth. Pulled from retirement at an age when other Soul Redeemers are either dead or to feeble to execute their calling, he accepts one more assignment to redeem a soul. When he teams up with a close nit group of scientists working on a top-secret government experiment, a mix between both the spiritual and technical takes place, sending Father Daniel to the ends of the world and to the very depths of hell.
Visit me at www.wildkite.com to discuss your thoughts on the Soul Redeemer series.

================



======= Instance Index 34 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Are you having a problem?

M: Yes. I have to do a research paper for history. There's a major book that I need, but I can't find it.

W: Did you try the card list?

M: Yes, but it's not there.

W: Well, if it's a recent book, it won't be in the card list. All information about books since 1995 is in the computer. I advise you to try that.

M: No wonder! This book is published in 1998.

W: All you have to do is to type in the title or the writer's name.

M: Do you mean it will tell me whether the book is out or not?

W: Yes, it will. It will also give you the due date if it is out. If the book is in the library, it will tell you where you can find the book.

Question: What does the woman tell the man to do? 

- To return the due books.

- To refer to the card list.

- To make use of the computer.

Target Text: To make use of the computer.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 24.612186
Retrieved Text: A lot of people have said and even suggested that if you are in a relationship and your guy doesn't spend or lavish money on you,then you are not really loved. Hmmm,this is now one of the romantic topics that have made headlines in relationships. Well,a relationship blogger and Psychologist,whose name is Joro Olumofin has a different opinion. In his open letter to single men still searching,he says : Don't start spending money or splashing money on any girl you want to marry''. Do you agree with Mr. Joro? Is that how to be in a relationship?
Come to think of it: A man says he wants to marry a woman and he definitely has to prove that he is capable,and able to keep his woman in good condition right?. How will this suitor prove his claims if he listens to Joro and does not spend money on his woman? Hmm,Mr.Joro,is this is how to be in a right relationship sir??
Okay,let's take another direction: A young man sees a lady and he likes her the way she is,except that she likes money and men who are really want to spend on her. Yes, he doesn't really have the money to spend on the woman and he doesn't want to lose her either. What he next chooses to do is to go borrow money and begin to splash it on her for the woman to accept him. What do you think? Will this young man really keep the woman at home after marriage when she discovers that her

########
Rank: 1
Score: 24.450977
Retrieved Text: 1. Never do housework. No man ever loved a woman because the house was spotless.
2. Remember: you are known by the idiot you accompany.
3. Don't imagine you can change a man - unless he's in diapers.
4. What do you do if your boyfriend walks out? You shut the door.
5. So many men - so many reasons not to date any of them.
6. If they put a man on the moon, they should be able to put them all there.
7. Tell him you're not his type - you have a pulse.
8. Never let your man's mind wander. It's too little to be let out alone.
9. Go for younger men. You might as well. They never mature anyway.
10. Men are all the same. They just have different faces so you can tell them apart.
11. Definition of a bachelor: a man who has missed the opportunity to make some woman miserable.
12. Women don't make fools of men. Most of them are the do-it-yourself types.
13. The best way to get a man to do something is to suggest they are too old for it.
14. Love is blind, but marriage is a real eye-opener.
15. If you want a committed man, look in a mental hospital.
16. The children of Israel wandered around the desert for 40 years. Even in biblical times, men wouldn't ask for directions.
17. If he asks what sort of books you're interested in, tell him checkbooks.
18. Remember a sense of humor does not mean that you tell him jokes, it means you laugh at his.
19. Sadly, all men are

########
Rank: 2
Score: 24.16885
Retrieved Text: On the Internet you can find many articles that tell you have to do so many things to get a man to commit. But how many of those articles are factual? Remember, men like to keep it simple. In order for a man to want to commit to you, he needs to feel that you will simplify his life, while adding to his happiness.
In other words, keep the drama to a minimum. Although some men may not be ready to make a full commitment to a woman within the first month or two months dating her, it does not mean they cannot fall in love and be excited to get married to the woman of their dreams.
Men have no clue how they truly feel about a woman in the long-term until they become brave enough to get to know a woman beyond her looks and the physical pleasures she can offer.
In other words, you have just as much of a shot to land your dream man than any other woman. To make yourself as attractive as possible to the man of your dreams, you need to give him the right impression about you from the start. Do not chase him.
Men want to know as they continue to give more of themselves to a woman that they can keep her happy in the long term. Until a man feels great about himself and what he can offer to a woman, he does not want her to have high expectations of him. He doesn’t want her to fall

########
Rank: 3
Score: 23.93675
Retrieved Text: Infidelity is common in most relationships. It takes discipline and respect for a man and a woman to be fully committed in a relationship without fishing else where. Sadly, only a few have the level of self-control needed to be faithful to one partner.
They say it’s okay when a guy cheats on his woman; simply because, it is believed that most men are not monogamous in nature.
He can sleep with hundreds of women but still be in love with his woman they say, but that notion is as immoral as a woman cheating on her man for whatever reason.
Sometimes, women can take it to the extreme. Once a woman starts cheating, it’s worse than when a guy does it.
The craziest part is trying to conceal it. Women are wired to be nurturing. When a woman is sleeping with someone outside of her relationship, it’s easy to tell.
This is not to say all women cheat, but the ones that do always have a tell-tale sign and that’s what you want to watch out for.
Click “Continue Reading” to see signs that you are not your girl friend’s only boo.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 23.542116
Retrieved Text: 1. What does the offstage voice tell Boxer it is time for?
(a) It's time to remember your ancestors and pray.
(b) It is time for sparring practice.
(c) It's time to call it a day.
(d) Let's get ready to rummmmbbbbleeee!
(b) "A day starts with morning"
(c) "A fight begins even before it begins".
(a) She is not married.
(b) She has 5 kids.
4. What is not a concern of Man from Hell?
5. How does Woman from Hell describe the stick?
1. What does Boxer say about failing in this business in round 3?
2. How do Boxer's arms feel in round 3?
3. On which body part of Visitor is the hair from the animal?
5. How do Hippie Boy and Girl react to Man from Hell's offers for the stick?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 23.499928
Retrieved Text: What does a black man get for Christmas?
What’s the name of the smoke shop and in what town?
How do you tell if a black woman is pregnant?
New grizzly dip, have y’all seen this it just came out in brooks Kentucky. Wondering if it’s the new one they have been advertising?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 23.483904
Retrieved Text: Understanding a woman is like a rocket science for some men. They can't distinguish what a woman likes from what she doesn't, they feel everything a man does should be what satisfies a woman. This is a dilemma which seems to bring no joy into marriage or relationship between couple. For a man who desires to be real and responsible, it's no big deal for him to learn what are the things that would bring joy between himself and his spouse. These things are little but much and expensive for a man who has no clue on what to do to make his wife happy.
1. Women like a responsible man.
A man who puts her first and not trade her for any of his hobbies or buddies. Some men would rather spend time outside doing what they see as hobbies or hang out with friends all the time while they leave their wives hanging alone at home. Women are like boomerang, what you throw is what comes back to you. A woman that enjoys no attention from his man would give no attention to the man when he needs it from her.
If you want a real attention from your woman you need to learn how to give her attention when she needs it.
2. Women enjoy complements a lot.
A little bit of complement every now and then won't hurt at all. Tell her how good she looks all the time. When she puts on a new dress let her know you're aware that the dress is new and

########
Rank: 7
Score: 23.37029
Retrieved Text: What should I do if you say you don't like me?
Since I like you, why don't I finally tell you that?
I should tell her that I like her, but why do I keep pretending that I don't?
​It seems like I don't know how to handle women, so I end up being a fool who does nothing.
People say that women are simply born that way.
If you are good to them, they can be as sweet as pie, ut they can come back as cold as ice.
No, you should not wrong a woman.
There is nothing as wonderful as a good woman.
Now that I have opened Pandora's box, I am sick of this story.
If it's okay, why do I need to figure out when to open my heart?
More unpleasant things to upset my heart, if you said that you didn't like me.
Why can't you understand that a man is simply like this?
At first I didn't notice it, but now I realize that I like you.
If I like you (oh yes) now I have you (like this).
I still can't believe (oh no, can’t you see?).
If a woman is like that (oh yes), she can change her mind (like that).
She won't turn you down (I know this is Adam).
Always a man is just a thing called "human."
What? You still can't decide what to say or do?
What? Why do you act, cry, speak in that way?
Like a fool, I thought I could have you, but I'm okay.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 23.276697
Retrieved Text: e converse com um amigo sobre o que fez no fim de semana.
Aqui, o Chuck se apresenta para uma aula e passa suas informações pessoais – nome, email, telefone – para uma funcionária da escola.
[Chuck] Hi, I’m Chuck. I’m here for the class.
[woman] Oh, hello! How are you?
[Chuck] Good thanks. How are you?
[woman] I’m fine. So… what’s your last name?
[woman] Woods… OK. And what’s your phone number Mr. Woods?
[Chuck] Area code 201, 348, 9043.
[Chuck] No, it is actually 9043.
[woman] 9043, got it. And what’s your email?
[woman] Thank you, Mr. Woods.
Aqui, duas pessoas conversam sobre hábitos e o que eles fazem todo dia: o que comem, que hora saem, chegam, o que fazem no trabalho, etc.
[woman] So tell me about your routine. What time do you usually wake up?
[man] I usually wake up around 7.
[man] No. No alarm clock.
[woman] And then… you have breakfast.
[man] Well, I usually take a shower first and get dressed. Then, I have breakfast.
[woman] Do you have coffee or milk for breakfast?
[man] No, I don’t, actually. I don’t like coffee, and I really don’t like milk.
[woman] So what do you have for breakfast?
[man] I usually have a slice of bread and a glass of juice.
[woman] Ok. And that’s around 7:30..
[man] Yeah, 7:30. Then I brush my teeth, grab my suitcase and go to the bus stop.
[woman] So you take the bus to work every day.
[man] Yeah, every day. I arrive at the office around 8:15, and I work all morning.
[woman] What do you do at work?
[man] I write reports, I send many emails,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 23.211435
Retrieved Text: 2. Where do the Old Man and Old Woman live?
3. Which of the following does the Old Man say his occupation is?
4. Who is the first guest?
5. What is interesting about the Orator?
6. The theatrical movement that Ionesco spearheaded was which of the following?
7. What shape is the stage of The Chairs?
8. Who do the Old Man and Old Woman pay their respects to before committing suicide?
9. What does the audience do after the Orator leaves?
10. With whom was the Old Man once in love?
11. What does the Old Woman often ask the Old Man to imitate?
12. What does the Old Woman do after the room is filled?
13. Who is invited to the message?
14. In what city does the Old Man's story take place?
15. What famous play by Samuel Beckett came out in the same year as The Chairs?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 23.018602
Retrieved Text: Optoutvillage.com » Sexist video of man and woman	What is this?
This page is dedicated to give you information about Sexist video of man and woman. We've collected Sexist video of man and woman pictures, Sexist video of man and woman videos and even suggestions to things related to Sexist video of man and woman.
Do you have a question about Sexist video of man and woman or want to leave a comment and tell us something? Fill out the comment form below.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 22.973473
Retrieved Text: Do not approach him because what you feel for him is not real love but rather infatuation.
You need to come back to the real world, appreciate the fact that having a crush is normal and move on.
indirect questions on what his hints mean? Does he behave like this with other female friends too? Assess what these hints mean to him. The next best step would be to plan a coffee meeting along with a few friends. For instance, you can tell him you are meeting your friends for coffee and he can come there with his friends as well.
Fred Daniels. Can I tell you something my sister, you are passing through what we pass through and you are asking yourself the same questions we ask ourselves before approaching a woman. Here is what you can do, tell him that you like him, show him that you are a good woman and that will give him a reason to say something too. However, do not just sit and do nothing about it.
him how you feel, he will introduce to you someone he has just met as his girlfriend.
Aaron Yovani. This is very normal. Do not make the mistake of making the first move. But all you can do is to start acting towards that direction. Call to check on him, be extra nice, pay him surprise visits so that you build a stronger relationship with him.Alex Agaba. I thought you were a dot com woman but it seems you are still in analog. Please, use any social

########
Rank: 12
Score: 22.885357
Retrieved Text: Because when they arrive, they're wet and wild, but when they go, they take your house and car.
The woman applying for a job in a Florida lemon grove seemed way too qualified for the job. "Look Miss," said the foreman, "have you any actual experience in picking lemons?" "Well, as a matter if fact, yes!" she replied.? "I've been divorced three t times."
An old man goes to the Wizard to ask him if he can remove a curse he has been living with for the last 40 years. The Wizard says, "Maybe, but you will have to tell me the exact words that were used to put the curse on you." The old man says without hesitation, "I now pronounce you man and wife."
I was in the express lane at the store quietly fuming. Completely ignoring the sign, the woman ahead of me had slipped into the check-out line pushing a cart piled high with groceries. Imagine my delight when the cashier beckoned the woman to come forward looked into the cart and asked sweetly, "So which six items would you like to buy?"
Because they had no reservations at a busy restaurant, my elderly neighbor and his wife were told there would be a 45-minute wait for a table. "Young man, we're both 90 years old," the husband said "We may not have 45 minutes." They were seated immediately.
Al said: "I'd like them to say, "Look, he's moving!"
Smith climbs to the top of Mt. Sinai to get close enough to talk to God. Looking up, he

########
Rank: 13
Score: 22.86771
Retrieved Text: A man and a woman approached each other on a beach one breezy summers night. You could have cut the tension with a knife, or a sword in their case. They finally stood seven feet, cautious not to make any sudden movements.
“Think or hope?” the woman asked.
“Maybe a little of both” said the man.
“Don’t tell me you’re having second thoughts,” said the woman.
“So, you’re ready then?” asked the woman.
“More than ever.” said the man, lifting his sword in front of his face and then dipping it in respect. The woman did the same. Without hesitation, they left their positions and circled. The woman snarled, and was about to lunge, when she felt a glop of thick liquid fall on her head and slide down her face. The man and the woman simultaneously looked up in the air. A seagull flew high above them.
“I can’t fight you now. A bird just pooped on your head. That wouldn’t be fair.” said the man, but the woman just wiped her forehead on her sleeve, and resumed first position.
“What does that have to do with anything,” said the woman.
“Mono can spread through kissing,” said the man.
“But I didn’t have mono,” said the woman, astonished, “Were you kissing someone else?” The woman was ready to lunge, when the bird pooped on the man’s head this time. She froze—and then burst into hysterical laughter.
“I guess that makes us even,” said the man as he ran to rinse out his hair in the ocean. The woman just kept laughing.
“Sort of,” said the woman

########
Rank: 14
Score: 22.811459
Retrieved Text: 1. Where are the Roman soldiers meeting in "Today is Friday"?
2. How does Nick get home after ending his relationship with Marjorie?
3. What does the narrator find after the first storm?
4. What is Campbell doing when Frank leaves him after finding him?
5. What occupation does Zurito have?
1. What is the name of Nick's girlfriend on the 4th of July?
2. How old is Mrs. Elliot when she gets married?
4. What does the American soldier's commander tell him to do?
5. What happens to the animals who cannot board the ship in Smyrna?
1. How does Paco from "The Capital of the World" die?
2. What does Nick's father tell him on the 4th of July, and how does Nick respond?
3. Who does the American soldier talk with during the night, and what is said?
4. What happens when Turner catches up with William Campbell?
5. How does Joey's father die, and how do the other men respond to this death?
6. What is given precedence over the man who dies in "Banal Story"?
7. What does the young couple reveal to the older American woman as the train stops?
8. What is the story behind the burial that the two men witness while skiing?
9. Why does the patient want to be castrated, and what happens to him?
10. Why is Guy's car stopped as he travels through Italy, and what does he have to do to continue?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 22.75324
Retrieved Text: I want to talk to all the women out there dealing with the [other] woman. His mother.
I was very dismayed to find one day after being single, and mothering my children alone that the man of my dream came waltzing into my life without me going looking for a man. I had become settled and had resigned myself to doing me. I was in a good place in my mind, though I still had problems to iron out I was in a good place.
This man comes along and we get alone, months passed and we became close. I would love to tell you that this is a fairy tale ending type thing, but that would be too easy. So instead, I will tell you that I have had to contend with my husbands ideal woman, but its not me —she’s his mother. Except, his ideal and my real deal have been separate though not at first. At first, I think that I was much like she was. No, for him I was someone that he could mold into a project, and for a while that probably went well for him.
You see Ladies, I was weak. Hence, his ideal woman is a weak woman—just like his mother. This is not a laughing matter, its serious.
Ladies, we should not be of the mind that we have no say. Never, allow a man to take you away from your role as his wife and mother, and manager of your home. It is the case, that many women have chosen

########
Rank: 16
Score: 22.724443
Retrieved Text: Had giant muscles they won't take you aspire to. Amin lakhani is the hardest part of westminster, sure, muscular men remain, muscular guy, and social network for a big red flag.
Most professional athletes the dating sites can get cheated on a muscle community are much more upper-body strength. She is dating app and instantly connect with a date women.
You should look at the toned body may attempt to date or worshiper, but let's generalise. Brooke wells: does wonders, men a date and instantly. While it impossible for a big guy desperately attracted to your twenties, do to say they still stands. According to the number of a woman behind the gay male characters, i've got a nicely muscular and muscle-worshipers! Make you a man can make himself attractive to https://hotelbaezamonumental.com/ down with video chats and it. Even if broke often have nothing to the long term? Dating game is the university of the researchers claimed that seems to have a confident. Think we took a big guy who is a single mom are already sexist beliefs and meet a? Having a muscular are more attractive male attraction toward. According to date him, men make sure, a attractive woman to make sure they can't date or find out with.
No guarantee that good-looking, but there's no because they can't date muscular, larger and survival skills dating site-wealthy match. She is the gym, especially over 6 feets with a lot of what are at the online connections dating apps. That a guy, which includes many things a woman, explained

########
Rank: 17
Score: 22.617296
Retrieved Text: If a woman leaves a man, it does not always mean that she does not love him anymore. In fact, women can leave men they love too. The most common reason why is because the man is not present. Men spend a lot of time working, watching TV, going out with friends, playing games… This is not a had behavior, because they can still manage to be good fathers that support their family. However, if they don’t pay enough attention to their partner, she could feel neglected and she might even leave.
Here is what every man needs to know, to keep a woman by his side, happy and satisfied.
Simply, you don’t own her soul. Maybe you win her on the first date, but that doesn’t’ mean you should stop there. Be there for her every day, every moment. Talk to your woman about what matters to her and to feel that you’re listening to her.
Women don’t want absent-minded men, especially in your intimate moments. She wants to feel your passion. Show her that she still arouses you. If you’ve lost it, find out the reason. Once it will be discovered, you will definitely feel alive again. And, she will stay!
Try to listen to your wife. Ask her, what is on her mind. Try to notice things. Look at her deeply. If she asks what you’re doing, just tell her: “I’m looking into you. I want to see you deeply. I’m curious about who you are. After all these years I still want to know who you

########
Rank: 18
Score: 22.48345
Retrieved Text: Wow! Only if we knew, life would have been that much more easier. What is a man really thinking? Why does he think the way he does? Why is it so difficult to crack this code? Well, lets be optimistic, maybe nature made man the way he is so as to strike a balance. A whole world with 'woman- thinking' or a whole world with 'man- thinking, ' would be boring wouldn't it? What is the fun when your husband or boyfriend thinks and feels the way you do? It would be like looking into a mirror, knowing exactly what to expect next.
Now lets see what goes on in a man's mind. Did you know that a man is less complicated than what he actually seems. What do men want? Very simple, they need a sense of security (like most women) and the feel that they can trust you completely. They love taking care of women, to the extent of pampering their manliness. On the same level they look up to women who are confident and emotionally strong (when I say strong, I don't mean overpowering or over bearing). When you run to your man with problems at the drop of a hat and be the lost puppy at every occasion, he might be all sympathetic and lend you a shoulder to cry, but, not for long. Its good to share your problems and work together at solving it, but learn where to draw the line.
Intuition levels in a man is not as high as in

########
Rank: 19
Score: 22.46783
Retrieved Text: This is from my document How to beat the courts and other knowledge. The complete document is on my Facebook page. What to do and not do at court. Do not use any language in any of your documents other than your own language. (No Latin or French, unless you speak it.) #1: The most effective thing you can do is make a claim. (For example – “i man claim that because you have trespassed on my human rights i have jurisdiction over you. Is there any man or woman here who challenges this claim?” “No, then my claim stands in law and in fact.” “i hereby require all charges to be discharged without prejudice. (Without any loss or waiver of rights or privileges.) The lawyers, judge, court clerk or bailiff will not challenge any claim you make when worded like that, because they are not man or woman. i know from first-hand experience that they will not say anything. A claim that is unchallenged, stands as law. When your claim stands, you must say “No man or woman challenges my claim, so my claim stands.” When a judge takes off his or her robe in court, that judge is now operating under the Common Law. Use that time to make all lawful claims again. Judges can be tricky when it comes to doing this. They will adjourn their other court or take a recess first, and just make it look as though they are just getting comfortable. Don’t be fooled, take advantage of this as

########
Rank: 20
Score: 22.443878
Retrieved Text: The subtle, subconscious clues a man looks for in a woman that tell him she has what it takes to be his long-term mate.
Learn the key to successful relationships with men. It’s not what you’ve got but what you do with it – and in this case it all comes down to one crucial skill.
Men don’t suddenly change their minds about whether or not they want to be with a woman – the reason why might surprise you.
Most men want relationships, but they’re straight-out terrified of committing to the wrong woman. Avoid these common mistakes that trigger the male response to RUN.
Have you been with a man only to painfully discover he simply couldn’t cut it for the long term? Know the signs that tell you a man is relationship ready – before you get involved.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 22.42415
Retrieved Text: Why would a Capricorn be hesitant about revealing entirely his or her true self?
Ghosts or Hauntings of the Jersey Shore?
Anyone feeling the effects of the full moon?
10 pts to the first to answer correctly?
How would know if a virgo likes me?
I'm a Libra and I'm wondering about these characteristics...?
Whats so interesting about Capricorns???
Anyone ever go through astral catalepsy?
Can someone tell me what makes a Pisces a Pisces?
ALL ANSWERS WILL BE APPRECIATED thanks!?
How to handle a LEO MALE?
My b-day is June 22. Am I on the cusp?
Does any one know of a good "fortune teller" website?
What makes Leos sooo daaaammnn sexxayy????
Ok i have a question...?
I'm a Pisces male, what's my best match?
What is soulja boy's birthdate?
Astrological romantic advice for an Aquarius?
(For Gemini Guys Preferably) How would you feel...?
Common character triat for aries please?
Any bored Capricorns out there?
Full Moon 2-day @ 9:04 pm ET in Sagittarius. Were you affected by the Full Moon?
What is going on with my Shani Sade Sati?
What are some common character traits of Capricorns?
What are the zodiac numbers of the constellations?
Hello does any one no if anything ..?
Why are sagittarius' liars?..its written so openly?
What does aquarius think about Geminis?
Do you play slots? Looking for volunteers in large City.?
A cancer boy goes well with a.............gal?
I'm a Leo/Virgo Cusp, am I compatibile w/ an Aries man?
What signs do you think is the most masculine?
What sign has the most "me first" attitude?
Does your sunsign description fit your personality?
Does your sunsign fit your personality?
Do you really believe that horoscopes are true?
Do I have Dainya Yoga?
Are a Libra woman

########
Rank: 22
Score: 22.40277
Retrieved Text: How should a tall skinny man feel after he's easily lifted overhead by a short fat woman who far outweighs him while he towers way over her?
When you are talking to a guy in a well-lit room and his pupils are dilated what does that mean? If a guy really like a girl would he tell his friends? Wife is smoking meth, where do meth heads hide their dope and pipes in and around the house? What should I do tonight? Why would a guy always ask his girlfriend "wyd" every time when he text her?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 22.321371
Retrieved Text: My boyfriend is an admitted past cheater who wants to change. However, during the past month it has become difficult. A young woman is after him. He told me he informed her that he is involved. But she replied that she is not concerned about that. Basically she wants to know what sleeping with him feels like. Now basically he is trying to avoid her and finding it hard since they have the same group of friends. Now every time he sees her she offers. My dilemma is, I feel so helpless. I told him he can't avoid her. He says he has to because he is afraid if she gets too close his body may betray him. So what do I do? Sit here and wait to see what happens like I am a bystander in my own life?
"His body may betray him?" Let me place that little gem beside "the dog ate my homework" and "the check is in the mail" on my Whoppers Wall of Fame. Does that mean he expects carte blanche if he cheats because his erection will have made him do it? Sheesh.
Tell him if he cheats you will blame HIM for the misdeed, not the provocation. Inform this "past cheater" that you're well aware that if a man really wants to discourage a woman, he's got the tools to do it. Add that it's crucial to you that your lover be a man you can trust. If he can't be that man, you can't be his woman. Period. End

########
Rank: 24
Score: 22.291674
Retrieved Text: Jada Pinkett Smith has talked about her 17-year marriage to husband Will Smith and admitted that, to keep their trust alive, the pair openly talk about their crushes on co-stars.
Rumours about Will, 46, and Jada, 43, being in an open marriage were triggered a couple of years ago after she told Oprah Winfrey that if Will wanted to go with another woman then he could "as long as he could look at himself in the mirror."
Addressing those comments on the Howard Stern Show yesterday Jada said: "Here's the deal. You've got to trust who you're with. And at the end of the day, I'm not here to be anybody's watcher. I'm not his watcher. He's a grown man. Here's what I trust - I trust that the man that Will is, is a man of integrity.
"So, he's got all the freedom in the world. As long as Will can look himself in the mirror and be okay, I'm good. He is a man of great integrity and he is fine."
Asked if Will told Jada about his crushes on set with other stars Jada said he absolutely does.
"Absolutely. You have to in this business!" she exclaimed. "Because I'm going to know anyway. Here's what's real: I'm not the kind of woman that believes a man is not going to be attracted to another woman.
"It does not mean he doesn't love you and it does not mean he is going to act on it.
"If he can't see another woman's beauty how is he going to see yours. You

########
Rank: 25
Score: 22.265676
Retrieved Text: Mother： Tell me about Michael.
Mary： But I'm leaving now, Mom.
Mother： Come on, Mary. You must tell me everything about him.
Mary： Well, he's very tall and handsome.
Mary： ... he has big blue eyes and long blond hair.
Mary： Down to his shoulders. It's beautiful, like gold.
Mother： OK, OK. You'd better tell me what he does, honey.
Mary： He does many things. He's a very creative painter. And his paintings sell well.
Mary： He also gives free English lessons to people in the neighborhood.
He's quite a patient teacher.
Mary： You're going to like him. Everybody says he's a nice guy.
Mother： I hope I will. Where does he live?
Mary： He has a small apartment on the 88th Street. Don't worry, Mom.
I'm not going to marry him tomorrow.
'Yes, I have one son,' the woman answered.
'No,:he's never touched a cigarette.' the woman replied.
'That's good, ' the man continued. 'I don't smoke either. Tobacco is very bad to one's health. And does your son drink wine?
'He's six months old today. But he'll grow upto be a gentleman,' the woman replied proudly.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 22.254635
Retrieved Text: 3. What can you never eat at breakfast?
4. What 3 letters change a girl into a woman?
5. What often falls but never gets hurt?
6. Peter's smart phone fell into a big mug of coffee but didn't get wet. How is this possible?
7. What is dirty after washing?
8. There's a man who can tell the exact score before every soccer match. How on earth does he do that?
9. What spends all the time on the floor but never gets dirty?
10. How many months in the year have 28 days?
All the Months have 28 Days.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 22.21708
Retrieved Text: 1. In Chapter 4, what does the narrator do when he first awakens?
(c) Has coffee with Zorba.
(d) Goes straight to work.
2. What does the narrator do on his first morning in Crete?
(a) He reads the Bible.
(b) He takes a stroll through the countryside.
(c) He discusses his plans for the mine with Zorba.
(d) He goes to the market.
3. What or who does the narrator's long-time friend live for?
4. What has historically impacted Crete and the Cretan people more than anything else?
5. What does Zorba think is the best way to run the mine?
1. What does the narrator remember his grandfather doing?
2. The narrator warn Zorba that such passions may lead to the removal of what body part?
3. How does Zorba believe a man should treat a woman?
4. What exclamation does the first chapter conclude with?
5. What body part is Zorba missing a part of?
He demanded stories from his guests.
He should tell her she's beautiful no matter what.
More summaries and resources for teaching or studying Zorba the Greek.
Zorba the Greek from BookRags. (c)2019 BookRags, Inc. All rights reserved.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 22.17724
Retrieved Text: When a man is ready for marriage, there are specific things he looks for in a woman before he decides to commit. Typically, he keeps the criteria for his ideal woman close to he vest.
While this strategy works great for him, it can make dating and relationships frustrating and dealing with your man can feel confusing.
But by embracing the following 5 secrets, you’ll be able to take your relationship to the next level (if you’re dating), and prepare for the wife life if you’re still waiting to be found by Mr. Right.
What does he need your help with?
But, in general, men need help reaching their goals and dreams.
They need help seeing their true potential.
They need you to give them insights into people and situations so they aren’t taken advantage of.
They need you to bring your strengths, gifts, talents, and abilities to the relationship to cover their own weaknesses.
First, you might assume that your man doesn’t need to be heard because he is a man of few words.
“Well, he won’t talk to me,” you say.
“I try to get him to tell me how he feels, and he won’t say anything.” But 97% of allcommunication is non-verbal, so only 3% is verbal.
If you’re only focusing on what’s coming out of his mouth, you’re missing a whole lot.
Listen to his body language. He’s communicating something to you all the time.
It may be hard to hear, but you should be honored that he trusts you enough to share his feelings with you.
Your man really wants to please you. But sometimes,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 22.154594
Retrieved Text: Monica Lewinsky continues to tell her story, and I am happy she is speaking. From the first time I saw Lewinsky’s face on my TV screen, what upset me most was the repetition of the same old narrative, worldwide, through images and text: a powerful man was being brought down by the sexuality of a young woman. A man I voted for as a woman in my twenties because I thought that he would do good things for women.
It is this narrative and text that Lewinsky is speaking about right now. Finally, she’s taking control of her story.
So many say Lewinsky is just being used, she’s talking now because she’s trying to destroy Hillary’s run for president. Once again, this is Lewinsky’s story, not the Clintons’ narrative. Why don’t you listen to, and talk about, what she is saying instead of why you think she’s speaking?
I do too. That’s the reason I started this blog, because I’m tired of the same old story. I want something better for my kids. From what I can tell, Lewinsky does too. Please watch this video.
Here he is: macho, best-selling, sports and business writer Michael Lewis on the jacket of his new book wearing…pink!
Lewis has inspired me to actually do what I’ve been meaning to for a while: create a collection of images of #MalesInPink.
Did you know thneeds of Lorax fame are pink?
I can’t find an image of a character in a classic thneed, but here’s the Lorax in a pink, thneed hat, which is almost as good.
So what’ve you

================



======= Instance Index 35 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

F: When did you start your work last night?

M: I began to work after the TV news finished.

Question: What didn't the man do yesterday? 

- Watch TV.

- Work.

- Play games.

Target Text: Play games.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.497791
Retrieved Text: Anything can happen at any moment on our streets. Even in the protected bubble of midtown Manhattan. How do we respond? Yesterday I stepped out of my office to grab a bite only to find a man on the ground in the middle of a seizure. He was sprawled out in the bus lane, shaking, head bleeding, soaking wet from the rain. A few other people also rushed to his aid. A couple of us were on the phone with 911. Some were trying to talk to the man. A biker was holding his handkerchief over the head wound. A couple of us were simply holding our umbrellas over the man's body to keep him as dry as possible. Most of all, a few New Yorkers decided to show up and to stay. We stayed until the man was safely taken into an ambulance. New York, yesterday you gave me a little more hope in you. You kinda sucked for a while. Like when you didn't do anything when the guy got shoved onto the subway tracks. But yesterday was a better day.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.206516
Retrieved Text: You won't tell Oskar, will you?
Olson wanted to talk to Julie before she left.
I didn't tell Urs not to do that.
Takeuchi hopes you're able to attend his party.
I told Markus all about what happened.
Ira hasn't been able to get in touch with Jerrie yet.
Louiqa wants to talk to all of us.
I wish I could go with Rodger.
Why won't David come back?
Nelken didn't want to let Dawson into his house.
Jeanette jumped out of bed.
Raphael said he didn't believe it.
Jacobson sprained his ankle yesterday.
Let's have a farewell party for Brett tomorrow.
Rayan decided to learn to live with the problem.
Why don't you ask Graham for help?
Claude can't believe Angela isn't going to do anything.
I had to respect Alastair's wishes, so I left.
I told Saqib not to date Eli.
What exactly do you want me to say to Tait?
Caroline looked at the tall man suspiciously.
Roxie has already finished his lunch.
Matthias's life began falling apart.
Charles saw himself in the mirror.
Knapper loved Rich, but she didn't like him at all.
Dylan wanted to write Spike a song for her birthday.
I've figured out that the only way I can do this is to get Part to help me.
The doors opened and Lenny stepped out of the elevator.
How long will Leads be in there?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.186918
Retrieved Text: A Russian wingsuit pilot sadly died yesterday after crashing into a building on Rue Helbronner, at the back of the Montenvers train station.
He had jumped from the summit of the Aiguille du Midi yesterday afternoon but for some reason his parachute didn't open.
The PGHM were called to the scene but sadly there was nothing they could do to help the man.
The building he crashed into was apparently unoccupied at the time.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.640966
Retrieved Text: Randal has a rich uncle.
Huashi asked Brooke where she usually went shopping.
King made it quite clear what he didn't want us to do.
Audrey was just being honest.
Why didn't you bring your hat today?
Marie boiled some eggs on the rocket stove that he had just built.
Jerome knew just what I needed.
Stanley said he'd kill me if he ever saw me again.
The reason Jussi has to go to the bathroom so often is that she drinks ten cups of tea a day.
Hughes predicted this would happen.
Chris knows a man who lives in Boston.
Kevan isn't trying to be funny.
Leif is always punctual, isn't he?
Michiel and Shankar rarely do anything together.
Bea had some problems he had to deal with.
They told me to tell you something.
Mwa told me the bridge was unsafe.
The prices are variable, so shop around.
Skef is having second thoughts about that.
Harmon tried to trip me.
Po didn't say anything about what happened.
Mah has been there three years.
Varda, stop sending me weird pictures! In fact, why don't you stop sending me anything at all.
I think that Danny speaks French well.
Where can we find Uri?
The snow that fell yesterday is no hard-packed snow. It's impossible to make snowballs out of it.
Luke lost his foreign accent.
I thought Daniele and Seymour were nuts.
Our teacher lives at the extreme end of the street.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.537949
Retrieved Text: Let's never do that again. Tor said he didn't know how to swim very well. What language is spoken in America? Opening the refrigerator, I noticed the meat had spoiled. Life is short, but it's long enough. Earle has no sick pay, no paid vacation and no paid overtime. Sometimes I feel like saying, "To hell with it all." Do you love your wife? When do I write poetry? You didn't even cry.
Part's father told him to forget about becoming an artist, because he'd never earn enough to live on. You don't realize its value until you have lost your health. It hurts to say that Zlatan is the best we've had. "What did you do yesterday evening at 8 o'clock?" "I had dinner with my family, but while we we were eating, my brother surfed on Internet." Has Flight 123 arrived? Let's have a drink. I'm sending Len home. Following traffic rules is important. My dad lied to me. Have I the pleasure of addressing Mr. Scrooge, or Mr. Marley?
They're no use to me. This house is creepy. Can I have some anchovies with olives? I came here to talk to you. I have almost finished War and Peace. I accompanied the children to school. Same time tomorrow, this time yesterday, same time next week, this time last week, same time next month, this time last month, same time next year, this time last year, never the same, this time tomorrow, same time yesterday, this time next week, same time last week, this time next

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.422894
Retrieved Text: Y'all! I am so sorry! We were out of school on Monday so my days are off. My mom texted me yesterday to ask where my blog post was and my first thought was, "It's Monday, no post on Mondays". But then I remembered, it's actually Tuesday and I had, indeed, missed a post. I'm sure it's going to be a week of trying to remember what day it actually is.
At lunch on Monday, B-man looked around and realized that Zac wasn't with us. "Where's Zac?" I told him Zac went to the Fair with his friends. This launched a 20 minute discussion about why B wasn't at the Fair. First we discussed that he actually didn't like the Fair the last time we went. We talked about why Sam and I didn't want to go to the Fair. B didn't care. His teacher had given him a ticket and she was expecting him to be there. We tried to explain that his teacher didn't give the ticket to just him - all students had received a free ticket to the Fair. If his teacher was at the Fair, she wouldn't be there looking for him. The Fair was optional. On and on it went.
Later that night, Ryan got on to the dog for licking Zac's shoes, which I'm sure were coated in fried Fair food goodness. Apparently, B didn't care for Ryan's tone. He came over to tell us that Cub just wanted some attention and that we should give him some attention instead of

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.374912
Retrieved Text: Hello? Whom am I speaking to?
I saw Old going into the cave.
It appears that I was wrong about that.
If you're not listening to the radio, turn it off.
Pratapwant didn't apologize to Robin.
Juan died in prison in 2013.
When was the last time you worked with Huey?
I don't think Amedeo will believe Brett.
Please tell me what Hamilton said.
He can't distinguish between left and right.
I asked Merton what he was drinking.
There are always many people in the library.
Did you tell Gideon that I was here?
My wife's trying to sleep.
Everyone, say hello to Travis.
Doug's guess is as good as mine.
Except for Francisco, I didn't know anyone there.
Thad's mother died when he was born.
We sent out the invitations yesterday.
Meeks wants to eat Italian food for dinner.
Adlai opened the blinds and looked out the window.
Vivek is in love with me now.
Let's stop by Pete's and talk to him.
Vicky was sitting in the front passenger seat when the accident happened.
David is going to give us a ride.
Tad deposited some money in his savings account just yesterday.
He is one of the greatest scientists in Japan.
Tanya must be very tired.
Scott glided across the ice effortlessly.
Caroline must be Socorrito's boyfriend.
It's Ramneek's turn to wash the dishes.
We are giving Morris a birthday party.
Rajesh felt guilty about breaking her diet with several pieces of Olivier's birthday cake.
Dustin died for her country.
I'm sure Stacy doesn't hate you.
Everyone looked at Allen to see what he'd do.
Jinny wanted to be a minister.
We all make mistakes, don't we?
Corey didn't tell me why he was going to Boston.
The last time I saw Ping

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.359268
Retrieved Text: What I Learned about Influence at Starbucks — DiResta Communication Inc.
Yesterday morning I dropped into Starbucks for a quick breakfast before getting to my first appointment. A man stopped by my table and offered me a free cup of coffee since they gave him two cups by mistake. I told him I didn't drink coffee. "Well, you don't have to be so righteous," he said.
"I only drink tea," I explained. He moved on to the next table and another woman said she didn't drink coffee. Here he was in Starbucks and he couldn't give coffee away for free!
It got me thinking about influence. We think that other people want what we value. Then we try harder to convince them. And I was reminded of the secret to influence.
Years ago I was at a workshop. The goal of the exercise was to convince your partner to do something that person would never do. I said confidently that I would never attend a Scientology meeting. This was going to be a slam dunk. There would be no way they could convince me.
Earlier in the conversation, my partner determined that life long learning was a value of mine. He asked, "What if you left all your credit cards and identification at home and went for the purpose of observing their powerful sales methods and persuasion techniques?" I thought for a moment and to my surprise I agreed!
What changed my mind when I was so vehemently opposed? He knew my criteria for making decisions and framed his idea in those

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.340315
Retrieved Text: The Real Hugo Chavez : Blog Of The Nation Hugo Chavez always creates a stir... but who's the real Hugo Chavez?
Hugo Chavez is the president of Venezuela... and a major quote-machine. He's controversial and fascinating, and I always cherish the opportunity to pull tape on him. Last week, we were working on the promo for this show, and wanted to pull the famous quote from his speech at the UN in 2006 where he referenced President Bush, who had been there the day before -- "The devil came here yesterday,and it smells of sulfur still today." Zing! Unfortunately, we didn't have his actual voice, just the female translator's, so it didn't work for us. I thought maybe we'd use it at the top of the show today, thinking surely that's the best tape... I should've had more faith. Just last week, he lobbed this gem at Exxon-Mobil, which is threatening to freeze his country's assets as part of a lawsuit, "If you end up freezing and it harms us, we are going to harm you. Do you know how? We aren't going to send oil to the United States. Take note, Mr. Bush, Mr. Danger." Mr. Danger?! Now that's good tape. So who's the man behind the fiery rhetoric? That's what we hope to reveal today. Leave your questions about the man below.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.915648
Retrieved Text: We need to get in touch with Earl.
Rich said he'd had nothing to do with what had happened.
Tareq Jackson founded this university thirty years ago.
They couldn't prove Harv was a party to the crime.
Doyle fell in love with Linda.
Kriton took his watch off and laid it on the table.
Most of the Finnish people are very friendly to Chinese people.
Pat committed suicide in prison.
There should be a bus service.
Lonhyn likes to push the limits.
Tell Adlai I'm not going to do what he asked me to do.
That building is three stories high.
Carsten was sitting next to Mwa.
Lila was calm and collected.
Dan smoked marijuana with Linda.
Louiqa showed me a magic trick.
The man who lives next to Bryan is quite peculiar.
There's a telephone call from a person named Brown.
I suspect that Mott is in love with Johnnie.
Kiki should have purchased flood insurance.
Dating him was probably a bad idea.
Switch off the light. I can't get to sleep.
Oscar said he couldn't leave without saying goodbye to Toft.
Jurevis said he didn't know any better.
Alexander wanted to expand his business.
Belinda was there before anyone else.
Yesterday morning I ate a waffle!
Marsha has written several books.
Lui put the documents through the shredding machine.
What's the last thing that you remember?
Noemi certainly didn't say what you thought he said.
We have to find Susan before it gets dark.
Did you just call me Cory?
Agatha can be contacted directly.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.822048
Retrieved Text: Sumitro is a highly gifted man.
Elvis has a pen pal in Australia.
I must talk with Pierre.
Raif didn't say anything at all.
I'm not the only one here who knows Hubert.
Did Suzan tell you where the party is?
Vassos knows that Wilmer and I are friends.
Rees couldn't help but laugh.
Terrance is the only one who remained awake all night.
We have to find out what Sidney is doing.
Jeannie is going to hurt himself.
Jun dashed to the corner to mail a letter.
Mysore doesn't want to take a walk now.
Amedeo is much shorter and weighs considerably less than Harmon.
Just tell me what Hartmann wants.
Charlene was supposed to help us yesterday.
Duncan was found with the murder weapon.
I came here to warn you about Bernie.
It's Lea's fault! He made me do it.
Vernon listens to the radio while eating breakfast.
Fred persuaded Grace to try bungee jumping.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.716007
Retrieved Text: Yesterday morning at about 10:30am on a dual carriage way (A55) I noticed a green fluorescent jacket in the distance and a blue light flashing. As I got nearer there were cones placed right in the middle of the road with a police man right at the end, and his car further behind. I didn't have a clue what was going on, so I slowed down assuming he would give me some hand signals to tell me what to do.
Now, my thinking here was why they hell did he not put a sign in the left lane pointing towards the right or block off one lane like they do usually?! Bloody idiot.
You should have stopped, got out, picked it up and dusted it off, handed it back and gone there there, and then legged it.
It was shocking to be honest. The confusion could have been avoided easily, so I don't really know what he was thinking.
sounds like someone who has no clues wtf he is doing !!
Should have weaved in and out of the cones like an autotest !
coppers can be retarded sometimes..

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.706285
Retrieved Text: I didn't hear what Major said.
Why didn't you tell Loyd about Tommy?
Butler doesn't seem so busy.
Ira doesn't need to read this if he doesn't want to.
Tal pulled the ironing board out of the closet and unfolded it, setting it up beside the window.
I gave one to Nate, too.
You shouldn't let Rolf push you around.
Johann has an Android phone.
I wonder if Steven likes Les.
I asked Fletcher to watch my things.
Ask Masanobu and he'll tell you the same thing.
Niels began to suspect that Barrett was planning a surprise birthday party.
Ning died without having ever seen Vance again, or known what had become of her.
Jakob had a lot of work to do yesterday afternoon.
Did you ever confront Andy?
Loren is three inches taller than I am.
Donovan is a very nice boy.
Has Kerry promised to be there?
Clarissa doesn't seem to want to go to bed right now.
Laura was wearing jeans and a T-shirt.
The man who lives next to Saqib is quite peculiar.
Jochen seems a little uncomfortable.
Murthy doesn't think Jose should do that.
I expect that Raphael will do more.
Trying now realizes he said the wrong thing.
Mann stayed in Boston for a while.
Amir descended into the hall to meet Manon.
Eugene was pleasantly surprised that more than 60 people liked the photo he put on Facebook.
Greg's parents worked hard to send him to private school.
Elwood wanted to make a lot of money.
You should suggest something like these to Dustin.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.672611
Retrieved Text: Went to do a funeral coverage yesterday for my good friend's father, a sad day for the family and also for Shewsbury Land but God's will be done.
The late Mr. John Ward was a good man with flaws like everyone else but he will be remembered by many as a humble servant of the Lord, a loving husband, a wonderful father, a brilliant grandfather and great grandfather, a marvelous friend, a friendly and kind man.
To be fair, I didn't know him for long, just met him since a few years back but I like this old man from the very first time I met him, it's easy for me to simply like him, he is friendly and he listen to some of my jokes and laugh happily, he also like my spicy chicken curry. I don't really have any other family members in here but for me the Ward family is like a family of the Shewsbury.
Not much for me to say anymore, God's will be done, let it be and we shall move on and remember him always.
smile, open your eyes, love and go on..."
Some of the photos from the event yesterday... it's been a while since I shed tears (apart from being in pain) but this yesterday I guess no matter how I tried to be cool... I failed... and I can feel the tears on my eyes but I still have to continue recording this special event with my camera.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.530134
Retrieved Text: Fuzzy Thoughts: better late than never?
I know I promised the Santa Reindeer pattern would be released for December, but life keeps getting in the way of it being done! Finally, I decided yesterday to help things along a little. My husband usually washes the dishes in the evening after I've gone to bed. Yesterday, I washed them myself (big belly in the way and all) so he could use the time in the evening to work on the pattern. The plan worked great for a time... he was working away at the formatting, while I was putting the last of the decorations on our tree. Then we heard a *bang* outside the house. Well, the students around here have a habit of setting off firecrackers around exam-time, so we didn't even blink. Then, about a minute later, an even louder *bang* with a bright flash, and the power went out! The transformer just down the block had exploded, and the power line was actually on fire! Crazy, eh?
So, without any electricity for the rest of the evening, obviously the pattern wasn't finished. Thankfully, the Quebec Hydro people managed to fix the lines temporarily, so we didn't wake up to a frozen apartment. They replaced the power lines this morning, so hopefully such excitement won't be happening again. I realized one thing though: we should own a flashlight!
December 9, 2008 at 2:39 p.m.
Man and woman makes plans and "Life Laughs"! I have had many a day when I knew exactly what I was going to do that

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.520452
Retrieved Text: A crossing guard whose case caused Allentown City Council to change its retirement rules is himself retiring at the age of 92.
"Today's my last day," said Joseph DeRoach, who has helped children cross at the corner of 18th and Turner streets near the Cathedral of St. Catharine school since 1976. "My eyesight's going bad, and I'm going to quit."
In 1982 the Allentown solicitor discovered that DeRoach was 19 years past the retirement age of 70. The center-city man, who sold Dutch Masters cigars for 20 years, was nearly fired.
"I didn't do anything about it at first," said DeRoach. "My friends called up City Hall. I don't know how they handled it, and I didn't think it was my business to get mixed up in it. It was all straightened out, though. I don't know how."
His friends' efforts paid off. Council amended the city's ordinance on retirement, allowing part-time workers to remain in their positions past 70. "I did the job the way it was supposed to be done," he said. "They had no business firing me."
For nearly 10 years, DeRoach stood on the corner of 18th and Turner streets from 8:30 to 9:30 every morning and from 2:15 to 3:15 every weekday afternoon. He made $10.30 a day. But yesterday, he stood on the corner for the last time. As children ran from the school at the start of Christmas vacation, about 50 kids didn't forget DeRoach. They walked to the corner, surrounded the 92-year old man and sang "Santa Claus is Coming to Town." DeRoach

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.449965
Retrieved Text: Cary is happily married to Naim.
Ed is wearing a different hat than he was yesterday.
Nikolai knew what Brodie had done.
That's up to Morton, not me.
Rusty felt smothered by Miltos's constant protestations of love for her.
I think Bud is loyal.
Don't you think Debbie looks like an old man?
Conrad says that he's allergic to school.
Let's assume Clarence won't be here on time.
Ramadoss and Todd waded out into the deep water.
Anatole didn't know whether to be amused or horrified.
No suitable comment offered itself to Fritz.
Winnie doesn't know how Elizabeth was able to afford a new car.
Kusum may be back before 2:30.
Betsy said he was thirty.
Tomas felt like giving up.
Nils is going to be a father.
Spy invited me to the party.
Brett is trying to get back into shape.
Patrick reads French better than I do.
Chris and Saify have adopted a minimalist lifestyle.
We want to make absolutely sure that Roland wants to do that.
Anita is a very good French speaker.
Eduardo wants to keep marginalized people out of public places.
Dwight wanted to ask questions, but wasn't sure if he should do what he'd been asked to do.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.384743
Retrieved Text: Yesterday I won a 5$ Star games voucher when opening a door in the chrismas calender, but as I claimed it it didnt work and I only got the message: "it is no longer possible to submit claims for our Mob Calender promotion." What is the problem?
Maybe that was just an april joke, but maybe it is because I do not have a star games account. But maybe I would have created one especially for this voucher. A lot of maybes here but not a clear answer.
No man, I really won this yesterday. It is only for people from Germany and the Netherlands possible, so Im not sure, if you can see this. But when I open the calender it stands right at the top of today prizes, also taday!
Voucher MUST be claimed by following the CLAIM link. BankrollMob will then send you a unique code to enter on StarGames. Prize only available for Germany/Netherlands.
We have fixed the issue (these kind of prizes outside of Christmas is new, so there was a bug that didn't appear in our testing). I will make sure somebody contacts you with the voucher code that you won.
Is there a slight possibility for future vouchers to various sites - as calendar presents - for everybody other than our friends from Germany and Tulipland?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.33608
Retrieved Text: Yesterday, I talked about Donald Ivy, a man with psychiatric disability, who was tased to death in Albany. Today, it's Elijah Roberts. He wasn't tased, but the threats used against him reveal a lot about why Donald Ivy is dead. Here's the story, also from Albany. My emphasis.
When she called police because her 22-year-old son, Elijah, had become agitated during a holiday dinner, Neketa Roberts of Albany explained that he suffered from mental illness.
Despite the advance notice, police didn't handle the situation well, according to her account.
"One of the officers told my son, 'You need to calm down before I Tase you,' " Roberts said, referring to the use of a Taser, a brand of stun gun.
Roberts and her family told the cop he was out of line. Luckily, her son — who is 5 feet 9, 215 pounds, strong and sometimes difficult to control — was able to regain his composure. But the police officer's approach may well have exacerbated the young man's anxiety instead. The officer later told Roberts that he used the Taser threat "as a scare tactic" to get her son to obey him.
So we have an officer facing a man in mental health crisis, a man with known psychological and developmental disabilities. The officer's plan - verbally threaten to tase him until he calmed down.
And if he didn't calm down, what then? Does he tase him? If that enrages rather than sedates him (as is often the case with people in mental health crisis, as they process stimuli in distinct ways),

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.333836
Retrieved Text: No, I don't mean seconds of time, or asking for seconds during a Thanksgiving dinner, sealing the deal for the upcoming food coma. There's something to be said for people being second at something.
Yesterday was the 40th anniversary of Apollo 12. It was the second landing on the moon, and after the legendary "That's one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind" spoken by Neil Armstrong after becoming the first person to ever set foot on ground that's not Earth, Astronaut Charles Conrad Jr. said "Whoopee! Man, that may have been a small one for Neil, but that's a long one for me.", after making a bet with a journalist that what he said wasn't scripted by NASA.
Was it less epic or important than Apollo 11? I don't think so. Apollo 12 actually achieved what Apollo 11 didn't - a much more precise landing, for example.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.327326
Retrieved Text: A DAD has been left fighting for his life after an alleged "road rage" attack took place in Birmingham yesterday.
West Midlands Police are searching for the driver of the van said to be involved after the 37-year-old father was allegedly punched and left with serious head injuries as he made his way home to see his partner and four-year-old child.
The assault took place in Gressel Lane in the Kitts Green area of the city at around 6.30pm yesterday after cops were called to a report of a disorder.
It's understood that following a minor crash between a van and a car both drivers had stopped and had got out of their vehicles on the busy main road.
The van driver is alleged to have punched the 37-year-old car driver in what has been described as unprovoked attack.
The dad suffered serious head injuries and was taken to hospital where he remains unconscious and in a critical condition.
The driver of the van fled the scene before police arrived.
Detective Constable Katie Lees, from Birmingham's Violent Crime Team, said: "This was a vicious attack on a family man who was on his way home to his partner and four-year-old child.
"The road is a really busy road and we are sure that there were lots of people who would have seen what happened and we are appealing for them to come forward.
"The victim phoned home as he left work - like he does every night - to say that he was on his way.
"His partner became worried when he didn't arrive home and

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.210588
Retrieved Text: Nothing new to write these days... I mostly take my kids to work and back and work and back and work and back. I've been reduced to a taxi driver. Except I don't get paid and my clients NEVER tip! LOL.
I was thinking that's what I do. Last night I drove a kid to swim practice, then another to Awana, then back to get the kid from swimming, home to drop her off and back over to get Awana kid.
Nothing new, huh? Not much new here either. That's why we start writing about old things or start making them up.
Are you insinuating something Mother? I might've just made up a word... not sure.
On another note... Did you have your pizza delivered? I know a nice young pizza delivery man.
And on the note of "t"... I hate it when they don't tip.
For a while I didn't even have a car so we were stuck at home... once in a while I miss those days!!! LOL. I guess I hated not being ABLE to go anywhere, but I sure hate HAVING to always go too. Boy oh boy do I have a stinky attitude or what? I'm sooo thankful for a van that runs! I'm thankful for my kids too - that they are healthy and strong and able to work!
Guess I'm not feeling creative enough to make stuff up... And I don't have all those wonderful old pictures that you all seem to have!
No, we didn't have our Pizza delivered by the above mentioned delivery man... We

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.198338
Retrieved Text: Pieter went to the hospital yesterday.
He hired Susanne to kill Mr. Smith.
The waiter set a coffee cup in front of Evelyn.
Andre usually gets home at about six o'clock.
To the best of my knowledge, Terri can't swim.
Shadow asked Sally some questions and she answered them all.
Just give Randy a call.
Tell No not to be late.
Siping is looking into the situation.
I think Kusum has already told us everything we need to know.
Ramneek was bitten by a dog.
Ravi hasn't yet told us what he wants to do.
Stephe has a lot of things to deal with.
Simon looked both ways before he crossed the busy street.
Rafael promised me he would be here by 2:30.
Ssi was overjoyed with the result.
Rogue is an honor roll student.
I must talk with Takeuchi.
I hope that Natraj will come.
Tim has promised to help us.
Vassos says he needs my help tomorrow.
Julia advised me to keep it secret.
I know Vidhyanath will change.
Gerard sang better than Nora.
Did you know Bjorne had a twin brother?
Ray is a college student.
Suyog Jackson is the head of our department.
Israel poured everyone a drink.
Rupert is a very patient man.
Francis says you talked him into doing it.
Hiroyuki didn't want to look stupid.
Norm didn't seem to understand anything we said.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.18142
Retrieved Text: Manoj Bajpayee came under the spotlight yesterday for apparently taking a dig at Akshay Kumar's decision to postpone Pad Man, to avoid locking horns with Padmaavat. He retweeted a tweet, which translated to: "Take the fear of crushing, then say that we made way." Bajpayee, who deleted his tweet soon after, says his approval of the statement had little to do with Kumar. "I retweeted a journalist friend's statement and soon after realised that fans of Akshay Kumar were trolling me. I didn't even know he had postponed his film. It was a mere coincidence," says Bajpayee.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.147734
Retrieved Text: We spoke yesterday, and you were against capital punishment. I said God requires murderers to be executed. You wanted to see it in the Bible, and brought your Bible from the truck. I showed you Numbers 35:33. You said it was just my interpretation that God requires capital punishment. Better read it again, Tom. But this time read it in a better translation, the King James Version. That other translation, whatever it was, (it wasn't the King James), will hold you back spiritually.
As a young man, I was advised to read at least a chapter a day in the Bible. I recommend that to you, also, Tom. I've been a Christian for more than six decades, and I am now sharing with you my knowledge that God wants murderers to be executed. That commandment that says, "Thou shalt not kill" means "Thou shalt not commit murder." When the authorities executed that murderer, Timothy McVeigh, who blew up the Murrah Building in Oklahoma City, it was not murder to execute him. They were doing God's work that God wanted to be done in executing that murderer.
I pointed out to you about Achish, who disobeyed God and took some stuff, spoils from the enemy, that God had said not to take. Achish didn't directly murder anyone. But Achish was executed anyway, because God wanted that to happen. You said the fact that he was stoned doesn't necessarily mean that that's what God wanted to happen. No, you're wrong about that, Tom. If the Children of Israel had done

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.134878
Retrieved Text: So, I just ate the exact same lunch as yesterday. I get into food routines quite often. For a long time, it's been turkey sandwiches from Subway. And now, as we found out yesterday, it's turkey SALADS from Subway.
So dangerous that I just lied to you - I didn't get the EXACT same thing. My cookie today is oatmeal raisin; yesterday it was classically delicious chocolate chip!
Adventure is my middle name!!
If my eating habits are not pathetic enough for you, maybe watch this. And then call my super rad sister-in-law and thank her for sending me random video clips.
I am not even exaggerating when I say that I do that whole "I'm Samantha" in a deep man voice bit at LEAST once a week. particularly because my trashy aunt with whom I work has a SATC ring tone that drives me bonkers. she thinks she's Samantha or something because she's a single independent woman in her 50's.
uh, so yeah. anyway. that clip was amazing. one of my favorite movies of ALL time.
failure to plan is a plan for success!
calorie counters, start your engines!
Osama Bin in Kansas this whole time?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.072863
Retrieved Text: Is Foggo A Target of FBI Investigation?
We knew the CIA Inspector General was probing CIA #3 man Kyle "Dusty" Foggo's connection to Brent Wilkes and his contracts with the agency. But when CNN's John Roberts said maybe 20 minutes ago that Foggo was under investigation by the FBI, also, I think that's the first time that's been authoritatively reported. If it's accurate — and I don't see why it wouldn't be — that's big trouble.
We reported yesterday that the Watergate Hotel had received multiple subpoenas relating to the federal probe of Wilkes, Cunningham et al. But news accounts have mentioned a second hotel — the Westin Grand — as a favorite of Wilkes for entertaining lawmakers, their staff, and CIA officials with booze, food, cards and possibly prostitutes.
I have been calling the Westin Grand — both the hotel and its corporate headquarters — since yesterday afternoon, but they have yet to speak with me for the record. In fact, despite promises to do so, they have yet to return any of our calls requesting comment.
Over at Warandpiece.com, Laura Rozen says she's hearing that Negroponte, or possibly the White House, gave Goss the boot, and it was sudden. That fits with what I'm hearing: that Goss didn't jump, or at least not without a nudge.
Rozen says she's been told Goss' departure "may have to do with how Goss handled a management issue concerning Foggo."
I've heard it a bit more bluntly: Goss was told to fire Kyle "Dusty" Foggo, his troublesome Executive Director, and Goss refused. That's what

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.05595
Retrieved Text: As my previous entry said that I returned to countryside to visit some of my relatives and friends yesterday.
I have been thinking what could I write on Lang-8 this morning, suddenly I reminded this Tang poetry：On Returning Home(by He-Zhizhang, 659-744).
His situation was completely different from mine, the poetry expressed his sorrow about he left his hometown since his childhood and return to his hometown after became an old man, all of his relatives and friends couldn't recognize who he was.
I left my hometown since childhood until the last years of my lifetime.
Although my accent didn't change, but my beard of hair has been thin.
There is no one could recognize me when children looked at me.
They asked me with smile：Where does this guest come from?
COMPARE: (A) poetry - usually plural. It refers to *more than one* poem.
(B) poem - usually singular. It often refers to one single poetic work.
As I previously mentioned, I returned to countryside to visit some of my relatives and friends yesterday.
I have been thinking about what to write on Lang-8 this morning. Suddenly I recalled "On Returning Home" by He-Zhizhang, (659-744 AD).
His situation was quite different from mine. His poem expressed the sorrow of leaving his hometown as a child, only to return as an old man. None of his relatives or friends recognized who he was.
NOTE: / = a line breakMore poetically: I left my hometown as a child, / only to return in my final years.
Although my accent hasn't changed / my beard has grown thin.
They ask me with a smile,

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.035934
Retrieved Text: Micheal seems like a very nice man.
Why do ya trash people?
Billie and Boyce flew to Boston last Monday.
Ian held out his glass.
I went via Beijing of necessity because there wasn't a direct flight.
Torsten pilots a helicopter which patrols the city's beaches, searching the waters for sharks.
Brendan told us you were Canadian, too.
Clarence is on our team.
Tuan played a Spanish folk tune on his English horn at a Chinese restaurant in France.
What did Max say about me this time?
Naoto is in trouble, isn't he?
Please don't interrupt me, Ron.
Jared put down his coffee and picked up his phone.
Jeannie had a tooth pulled out yesterday.
When will the MCA take place?
Noemi or somebody said that.
Lenny adores her baby's cute, round face.
We all wanted to know why Alan couldn't come.
If a meteoroid falls into the Earth's atmosphere, it will begin to heat up and start to glow. This is called a meteor.
Micky felt that he was getting old.
Greg didn't go to the bank.
Skip put a flower in her hair.
I think Sandeep has a plan.
"How many mobile phones do you have, Tommy?" "How many? You mean, people actually have more than one?" "I have 4." "Why would you?"
I think it's unlikely that Geoffrey will come to the party alone.
Marty didn't build the doghouse that Those wanted him to build.
Joe tried to get Elizabeth to accept our proposal.
This is the picture I took in his house.
Price was sick, so I stayed home to take care of him.
Dan threatened to expose Bobbie to the FBI for selling confidential information to a foreign government.
You shouldn't

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.024067
Retrieved Text: So, that's what they decided to do.
The ten men drank beer in the bar every day and seemed quite happy with the arrangement, until one day, the bar owner threw them a curve. "Since you are all such good customers," he said, "I'm going to reduce the cost of your daily beer by $20." Drinks for the ten now just cost $80.
The group still wanted to pay their bill the way we pay our taxes, so the first four men were unaffected. They would still drink for free. But what about the other six men - the paying customers?
How could they divide the $20 windfall so that everyone would get his 'fair share'?
They realized that $20 divided by six is $3.33. But, if they subtracted that from everbody's share, then the fifth man and the sixth man would each end up being paid to drink his beer. So, the bar owner suggested that it would be fair to reduce each man's bill by roughly the same amount, and he proceeded to work out the amounts each should pay.
The tenth now paid $50 instead of $59 (15% savings).
Each of the six was better off than before. And, the first four continued to drink for free. But, once outside the bar, the men began to compare their savings.
"I only got a dollar out of the $20," declared the sixth man. He pointed to the tenth man, "but he got $9!"
"Yeah, that's right," exclaimed the fifth man. "I only saved a dollar, too. It's unfair that he got nine

================



======= Instance Index 36 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Have you been wasting your time on those online games again?

M: Not really. I've worked on my term paper a lot this week and I need a break.

Question: What is the man doing now? 

- Writing his term paper.

- Having a coffee break.

- Playing computer games.

Target Text: Playing computer games.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.315007
Retrieved Text: So now that Preview Weekend is over, what is everyone doing to hold them over until Sept. 7th?
Personally I'm going to take the chance I have, while no MMO is stealing my life away, and revisit some single-player games that I havn't picked up for years or that I never finished.
Re: So, whats everyone doing?
Staying Aoc in the meantime .
Grats on the puppy man. And Madden? I gotta say, thats pimp. Is he/she going to be your football buddy?
PUNT IT!!!, J/P grats man , now make sure you raise it right.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 14.924276
Retrieved Text: We have been seeing too many places online, saying that Wu-Tang Clan have split up (MTV included), they havent. Many of the members are doing there solo thing right now. Ghost dropped an album, and is dropping another one real soon, and is on tour right now in Europe. Method Man dropped an album a few months back and is on tour. Masta Killa dropped an album earlier this year and is on tour with Method Man. GZA is scheduled to release an album real soon. Raekwon is making OB4CL2 with Dre and RZA. Inspectah Deck dropped a mixtape a few months back. Were not too sure what U-God is doing right now. And we all know RZA is very busy with Movies (The Protector, American Gangster) and Raekwons album, hopefully he will be inputting to the ODB album too.
So Wu-Tang are still together, they are just doing the solo thing right now. When you get 9 MCs in a group, they are not going to stay in the group all the time, they will branch out and do there own thing.
You people out there in the media; do your homework.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 14.768186
Retrieved Text: Looking for Man High School alumni not listed? If so, check out Classmates.com® - hundreds of more MHS alumni have posted their profiles.
If you attended Man High and want to be added to the alumni directory register now to add your name to the alumni list.	You can also find out what other graduates are doing now, share memories with other alumn, upload pictures from Man High and find other alumni.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.761898
Retrieved Text: This blog is about a man, a lazy man, and his quest to not only retire early, but to retire rich enough to live a comfortable lifestyle. I’m a software engineer, so don’t expect journistic quality writing or professional quality money ideas. I’m from the Boston area (just a few miles west) and my motivation for this blog comes in large part from Boston Gal’s Open Wallet. I’m also influenced by Adventures in Money Making who is doing what I haven’t had the guts to do yet and leverage himself big in real estate.
You can expect Lazy Man and Money to be about 85% money, 5% technology (hey, I’m a software guy), 2% health, 5% random soapboxing, and 3% “zany”-ness. Maybe we’ll up that zany as time goes on.
Now that I figured out how to moderate commments, I’ll get back to you tonight.
Interesting to look back now and see where you were once then! I’m doing up a post on the history of PF blogs, so if you want to add anything interesting, let me know.
I’m trying to figure out the oldest personal finance blog… so far it’s Consumerism Commentary. But check out what I find out later today – everyone else, too, correct me if I’m wrong.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.748139
Retrieved Text: With the war in the gold and silver markets continuing, today John Embry told King World News we are now in the endgame, and also discussed what he is doing with his own money right now.
John Embry: “I’m very heavily exposed to this sector. But what I am doing with my own money right now is…To hear what John Embry is doing with his own money right now as well as more about the coming plunge in the stock markets, surge in the price of gold, silver, and the shares, CLICK HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW.
***Also just released: Belkin Is Right, The Price Of Silver Is Headed Into The Stratosphere CLICK HERE.
***KWN has now released the extraordinary interview with the man who advises the most prominent sovereign wealth funds, pension funds, hedge funds, and institutional funds in the world and you can access it by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. © 2015 by King World News®. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. However, linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged.
Look At What The Commercials Are Up To In Gold & Silver Markets!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.731328
Retrieved Text: This Man Left His Dream To Help Others. And You'll Love HOW He's Doing It!
This Man Left His Dream To Help Others.
Mason Wartman left his job on Wallstreet to sell pizza in his home town for just a dollar. And now his $1 pizza is helping end hunger in his community! And what Ellen is giving back to this giving man will make you smile for sure!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.626801
Retrieved Text: Big deal. My I.Q. is 280. Stephen Hawking! The world's smartest man! What are you doing here? I wanted to see your utopia. But now I see it is more of a Fruitopia. I'm sure what Dr. Hawking means is-- Silence.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.609225
Retrieved Text: That’s exactly what Super7 is doing with the Holiday He-Man figure. This 7" Club figure, inspired by the 1985 He-Man Christmas Episode, features the hero with a Santa hat and a fabulous candy cane sword.
The figure is on sale now for $35 (£27) on the Super7 website. And for more modern Masters of the Universe joy, watch She-Ra, it’s great.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.561209
Retrieved Text: Sing it with me now, kids of the 80s and 90s, “Gillette! The best a man can geeeeet!” It’s a famous jingle that most of us recognize immediately, because Gillette has been around since, um, literally forever for all things razor-and-aftershave related. But since releasing a new ad yesterday, they’re adding another verse to their usual tune by stepping up to the plate and telling men that “the best a man can get” can only be achieved by being a good man – and by showing boys how a good man treats others, including women.
The ad – which, spoiler alert: WILL GIVE YOU GOOSE BUMPS is full of scenes of men um, not being their best selves, and then switches to a montage of men and boys doing the right thing over, and over, and over. It speaks of change, because, honestly? Gillette is right in inferring that what’s been acceptable behavior in society for men and boys for centuries is really not ok.
As a mom of two boys, I have striven from day one to raise good men. I have the most wonderful father, brothers, and husband who have shown me what that looks like. But it means so much more when these good men set the example for our boys, doesn’t it? I can tell my boys every little thing to do and not to do, teach them about Jesus and the Golden Rule, but I cannot, for the LIFE of me, show them how to be a good man. Because I’m not one.
There

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.540087
Retrieved Text: The actress in an interview on Delay’s Show said that she is now dating a sugar daddy and that she is at an advantage because she gives the man the best s*x ever.
But in a video sighted by MyNewsGh.com, the actress is heard cursing people who are insulting her because of her choice of a man.
She said “curse be onto anyone on social media insulting me because I’m dating an old man. I’ve tried young men and it did not go well for me so now I’m trying old men and that should not be a problem for any individual”.
The movie producer mentioned that she is doing what pleases her and will not live her life to please others.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.451838
Retrieved Text: YO. Anderson .Paak brought through the legends Alchemist and Smokey Robinson on a track together. That’s just nuts. I hope y’all appreciating what this man is doing right now. Ventura is almost here!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.413426
Retrieved Text: Man is not real smart as he does not know what is going to happen tomorrow or even 10 minutes from now. The Lord God knows all these things before they happen, so it is very very smart to let him guide, and do with us what his will is in every word we say, and in everything we do! That is true liberty, and freedom. Man is like an instrument in the hands of a Holy God to be used for his Glory. An instrument does not tell the person using it what to say, or do, it is simply being used by its user.
The Bible tells us how to become an instrument of righteousness to be used by God.
“If a man will purge himself from these......” What is man supposed to “purge” himself from? “Iniquity”!!
It is pretty easy to identify most of these things, but what is hard to identify are the things that look holy, pure, and just but are not! Jesus reveals what some of these things are that seem to be holy.
How could these things be called “iniquity”? A lot of Church's today have these exact things happening all the time! What makes them iniquity?
Signs do not follow people, they follow “faith” wherever it is! If we remove the “believing” part in this verse, then there are no signs. We can choose to make signs if we want to, but only the appearance of doing them. This is called “iniquity”!!! Anytime we decide to do something without God's leading, or his

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.409758
Retrieved Text: “There is one God and one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus” (1 Timothy 2:5).
Everyone needs a mediator, or so it seems.
Nowhere is the need greater than in our relationship with God. A mediator is someone who can represent both sides in an estranged relationship.
Jesus qualifies because he is God and man at the same time.
Fully God and fully man.
Because he shares our humanity, he represents us before the Father.
Because he is God incarnate, he can bear the burden of our sins.
Note that there is “one mediator” and only one between God and man. No one else can do what Jesus does. He “stands in the gap” between God and man, making peace by the blood of the cross.
When God called for Adam after the Fall, the guilty head of the human race hid because of his shame. But now we do not shrink from God, sinners though we are, because Jesus our mediator has opened the way to the Father.
Lord Jesus, because you are the great sin-bearer, you are all we need now and forever. Thank you for doing for us what we could never do for ourselves. Amen.
Click here to download the free Lenten ebook "Lord of Glory."

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.4030075
Retrieved Text: RUSSELL BRAND WILL BE LARRY'S GUEST FRIDAY NIGHT!
Oh My Gosh Larry! You are making her relive the abuse by making her listen to these tapes again! What are you doing? Are you on Mel's payroll too!?!?! I thought she was a gold digger but after this interview I have much more respect for her...She WAS abused and it IS domestic violence and she IS standing up for EVERY women who is the victum of Domestic Violence. You are brave Oskana! Mel does need help – he has an illness. I do not hate him, but he needs help. I'm sure he will kill himself after listening to this interview. God Bless all involved!
One thing for certain NO INTELLIGENT DECENT MAN will ever marry this woman. What man would what a woman who goes to national TV to shame a man. If, she was truly frightened she would be talking to the police/judges/therapist's. She isn't frightened she loves the negative attention..and NO DECENT man would ever marry her. She is vindictive, fabricates reality, and will do anything for money. She puts her emotional needs above her children–CONSTANTLY! She didn't represent any organization for abuse-because anyone who has lived through an abusive situation knows THAT any woman who loves her children if she was frightened would go tot he police not go on an European TRIP. I think what happened is she got dumped and she is making him pay! I think she is doing some of the things she is doing because she is jeolous of Robyn's

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.328157
Retrieved Text: I am planning on being a grumpy old man. It would probably be a good idea to go on and tell my kids. But I think they already know. Believe it or not there actually are men that age quite well without the addition of any grumpiness. I know one quite well. He is a widower in his 80’s.
A week or two ago it was pointed out to him that there was a man at church who recently lost his wife. My friend immediately reached out to him. They enjoyed a meal together. The man adjusting to the recent loss of his wife was asked: “How are you doing with this whole grief thing?” He told my friend that he was doing “just fine.” He said he was “toughing it out.” Now of course my dear friend knew better. But he wisely kept his thoughts to himself and allowed the man some needed space.
They met again for another meal. The same question was posed. “How are you doing with this whole grief thing?” By this second encounter, the man toughing it out broke down and cried. He misses his wife of 51 years more than anyone can imagine. My friend immediately empathized and cried with him.
Tonight, my amazing comrade is accompanying his new found friend to a grief support group. They are quite the pair right now. The man new to being a widower has an ally. He has someone traveling on a very similar journey to accompany him. When I saw them together yesterday, I

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.32337
Retrieved Text: After months of shocking twists and turns, the charges against Jussie Smollett allegedly staging an attack on himself were dropped on March 26. Though he's a free man, the actor's character Jamal Lyon had been cut from the last two episodes of Empire's fifth season following his initial arrest. But Lyon's storyline might not be over quite yet.
While visiting The View on Thursday (April 4), his cast mate Taraji P. Henson let everyone know how Smollett was doing.
"I talk to Jussie all the time. He's doing well. We're all doing well. The show is doing well," Henson said, before going into more detail about Empire.
"We're on hiatus right now. The writers are trying to figure out what next season is going to look like, what our storyline is going to be," she said. "[They're] trying to drum up some really juicy stuff for you guys, so that's where we are right now."
As far as Smollett's future on the show? Henson believes he will be returning. "Yes. I haven't heard anything else," she said. "I haven't heard anything."

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.292363
Retrieved Text: Claire Foy co-hosted the Evening Standard Theater Awards over the weekend, showing up in a McQueen that I wish was either not off the shoulder, or had shorter sleeves, one or the other, because right now the sleeves are doing too much. Foy is enjoying the last days of her reign at television’s Queen Elizabeth II—Olivia Colman takes over in the new year—and she’s also working her Oscar odds. It’s the time of year to see and be seen, to keep your name in people’s minds as they drown in screeners. Foy was playing a pair, with First Man and The Girl in the Spider’s Web, but Girl has not impressed anyone and the box office is atrocious. Lisbeth Salander is not doing for Claire Foy what she did for Rooney Mara. So that’s out.
But it still leaves First Man. That movie has done mediocre at the box office, and its Oscar odds have faded without that support to keep it in people’s minds as we get into the heart of award season. It seems likely we’re going to use the full ten Best Picture nominees this year, but First Man has lost so much traction it would be lucky to squeeze in at #10. I wouldn’t count Foy out, though. For one thing, everyone loves her on The Crown, and yes, technically, the Oscars are about one film performance, but we know that’s not what really matters. If it was, there would be no discussion of who is due every year. And for another, in

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.289564
Retrieved Text: His name is Carlos Arredondo. He is an immigrant citizen of the U.S. who lost his son in Iraq and is now a peace activist and speaker. Carlos Arredondo is holding a tourniquet on a man who had his legs removed by the blast. There used to be leg around what he is holding, but now this true American is literally keeping him alive with his bare hands. He lost Both of his sons. Alexander died while doing a tour in Iraq, and Brian committed suicide in 2011 after falling into depression and becoming a heavy drug user, But when everyone ran away from the bombs, he ran in and helped as many people as he could, he did not want other parents to feel what it was like to lose a child. This man is a true HERO!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.288986
Retrieved Text: "I'm One Month Old Today!"
I can't believe it. This little boy is one month old today!
Lincoln is doing SO well. He is sleeping great, nursing like a champ, and has just fit so perfectly into our family. AND, he is finally able to wear more than just preemie clothes! YEAH!
Happy 1 month birthday to Lincoln. He is so cute!
I cant believe he is one month old today either!! Does he look just like you? From where I sit it seems that he does.
OK, only a few people in this world would have coordinating shoes for their one month old's outfit...I'm glad I'm in good company! LOL!
Still on pins and needles for tomorrow.
I'm also impressed with the coordinating shoes.
Wow, where does the time go. He's so cute & look at you coordinating his outfit so well! I hope you're doing well...I've missed hearing from you, but believe you me, I know what your life is like right now! Sounds like you're doing great!
Awwwww... he looks like he has your eyes, Sarah. That is so cute.
yes he is! (cute as a button) happy one month, lincoln.
glad to hear all is going well. keep up the good work, mom.
Happy 1 month! He is still smaller at one month than mine are at birth! How is that?
Congrats on Lincoln and enjoy! Glad he is adjusting smoothly with everything---what grace.
He's a handsome one! Glad he is doing so well.
I can't believe it's been a month either. Wasn't it just yesterday, you announced the arrival of little Lincoln? Very cute.
Oh my goodness,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.266486
Retrieved Text: Why should we build very large spaces when they are not necessary? We can design halls spanning several kilometres and covering a whole city, but we have to ask, what does it really make? What does society really need?
We have big, big problems – flooding, earthquake, and many foolish things which now people are doing – I mean, these self-made catastrophes. We are able to give to every man on the street the possibilities to help himself. And to fight for this was one of my duties.
Most architects think in drawings, or did think in drawings; today, they think on the computer monitor. I always tried to think three dimensionally. The interior eye of the brain should be not flat but three dimensional so that everything is an object in space. We are not living in a two-dimensional world.
I have only one dream. It is the oldest of humanity, of man, in time. It is paradise. I would like to give paradise to everyone.
Buildings are ‘humane’ only when they promote peaceful human co-existence.
My architectural drive was to design new types of buildings to help poor people, especially following natural disasters and catastrophes… I will use whatever time is left to me to keep doing what I have been doing, which is to help humanity.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.246491
Retrieved Text: Before catching Confidence Man, I didn't know what to expect. I was at uni all day (on a Saturday, I know, how lame), and was feeling tired AF. But, after witnessing one minute of their set, I was alert and ready to bask in good vibes. I finally had the energy that I was craving all day.
Are we sure Confidence Man are a supergroup? Because I'm convinced that they're actually from another planet. Perhaps another universe.
Let's talk about them dance moves. I want to sit it on one of their rehearsals, I'm not lying, every move they had was on point. Even when their moves were synchronised, it seemed so effortless. Their incredible stage presence is part of the amazingness of them as a live act. If you're a fan of Australian music, without a doubt, you've seen their name pop up all over the place (or on your curated playlists), and it's no wonder why. They can perform. I can't think of an Australian act who is doing what Confidence Man are doing right now.
They played their two big hits 'Boyfriend (Repeat)' and 'Bubblegum', as way as an array of grooviness. They're only in the early stages of playing as a band, and if this is what they're presenting off the back of two singles, things are going to get better when finally drop an entire body of work. Be afraid everyone, they're coming.
At the end of the day, you just need some confidence, man.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.2182865
Retrieved Text: It can be intimidating and overwhelming to start working out if you haven’t before. These days there is too much information that can be accessed but few answers. Remember the following to keep your head clear.
Lifting hard and heavy will not make female super muscular. Man looking female bodybuilders take drugs.
Take your time. It is a slow process.
Don’t wait until you have some perfect plan. Take action now. You might feel stupid at times in a gym where people seem to know what they are doing but trust me, most people only THINK they know what they are doing.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.1909895
Retrieved Text: Need to know what a gerund is? You've come to the right place!
This is the most basic one: a present continuous verb. The subject in the sentence is "man" and "is walking" tells us what he is doing right now. If you see an -ing verb after a be verb (am, is, are, was, were), it is probably a continuous verb.
Another name for continuous verbs is progressive verbs. Continuous and progressive are the same.
The walking man lives with my friend Paul.
The man walking across the street lives with my friend Paul.
In both of these sentences, walking works like an adjective, not a verb. Walking describes the man, and the verb in the sentence is lives. When an -ing verb describes a noun, we call it a participial adjective. Participial adjectives can come before or after the noun, but it is more common to put them after the noun.
Read a little more about participial adjectives here.
In this sentence, we have a subject: the man. We have a verb: likes . What is the -ing verb here? It's the thing that the man likes. What does he like? Walking. Walking is the object of like. What are some other things you can like? Sports, travel, English. All nouns. Object of verbs are nouns, so walking is acting as a noun here. That's what a gerund is: an -ing verb that works like a noun.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.167114
Retrieved Text: In the past 24 hours, it’s safe to assume Dwight Howard’s social media comments are in shambles.
As the Washington Wizards Center misses games as he nurses gluteal tightness, Transgender Woman Masin Elijè decided to reveal alleged harassment and alleged verbal abuse she’s been receiving.
According to Masin, she and Dwight allegedly had a romantic relationship that fell apart recently. In a series of tweets, Masin detailed how Dwight and his associates, including his pastor, allegedly did their best to try to keep her silenced. Unfortunately for Masin, this allegedly included harassment and threats of bodily harm.
And of course, Royce Reed has been enjoying watching all of this fallout on social media.
← Previous Story Future Threatened to Physically Harm Newest Baby Mama?
Royce Reed Calls Out Dwight Howard?
Royce said from day one he was fake and messy behind the scenes.
The crazy thing is it ain’t like Dwight is the only one doing this. He just got exposed. There are many others. Especially rappers and athletes.
I’m not sure what that person thought they were doing by reminding Royce that they have a son together. She’s fully aware. Them having a child together doesn’t mean he’s not doing what he was accused of.
Ummm hmm Idk why but I believe this tea. this man is a whore and when they have a sexual appetite as strong as his it’s no surprised they go both ways. I’m shocked he’s a bottom tho! But it’s messed up she threw Magic under the bus too making poor Cookie relive all those sacrifices she made to

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.159965
Retrieved Text: Translation:The man reads my message.
And leaves me on read.
Did you get mysterious messages!!!
I don't know where this goes next from reading messages. Obsessive much.
Me too. Is 저의 always put before the thing that belogs to me? Or else how would you distinguish "My man reads a message" from "The man reads my message"?
Could I say 제 instead of 저의?
Yes, as far as I know 제 is the abbreviation of 저의 and more commonly used, but I'm not 100% sure.
Why is messages plural here?
It isn't. 를 marks the direct object of the verb, 들 the plural.
Duolingo translated it as "The man reads my messages." Maybe they corrected it now.
Why is it "남자가" and not "남자는"?
The man does something vs. the man is (doing) something, I believe.
남자는 저 뒤에 있을때믄에 무서워요.
i type "my man reads the message"
So the alternative answer to my answer"The man reads my message", is "The man reads my message".......Really!?!?!?!?!?!?
저의 how do you pronounce this?
when do you know to spell it as sseub ni da or seub ni da?
What does it mean to say "가" at the end of the sentence? I beleive it's called a placer? Also what does "의" mean as a placer as well?
Why is "the man reads message from me" not correct?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.155862
Retrieved Text: The Nigeria Police Force has revealed how Chukwudumeme Onwuamadike, popularly known as Kidnapper Evans shot Young Shall Grow Motors chairman.
Evans is standing trial alongside Joseph Emeka, 29, Chiemeka Arinze, 39, and Udeme Upong, 43. They are all facing a seven-count charge of murder, attempted murder, conspiracy to commit kidnapping, attempt to kidnap, and sale and transfer of firearms.
Testifying, Insp. Idowu Haruna, attached to the Inspector-General of Police Intelligence Response Team, said that the chairman of Young Shall Grow Motors, Chief Vincent Obianuju. was attacked by the accused on Third Avenue, Festac Town, Lagos in 2013.
Haruna told the court that the case was reported at the FESTAC Police Division and that two riffles were recovered by the police while .
The fourth accused, Upong, sold AK47 riffle to Onwuamadike without knowing he would to use it to kidnap the victim.
HAS THIS MAN NOT DONE SUFFICIENT DAMAGE TO HUMANITY?
NIGERIA FEEDS HIM,CLOTHES HIM AND DRIVE HIM AROUND.FOR HOW LONG WILL THIS CONTINUE?
So why bringing up the issue now?
go to jail for his crimes.
Evans has committed evil like the devil… killing for him was nothing..may he face the full wrath of the law.
He is indeed a notorous criminal…and must be brought to book..
He who kills must also die. There is no escape for the wicked.
I don’t actually wish him death but I believe he will make a change.
We plead for full justice to be taken on this matter….this was something that claimed lives and the law need to act as the case has arises….
This Evans is something else and what Disney

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.150847
Retrieved Text: There is, or at least can be, a fine line between clothing and costume. A fine line between doing your thing, and schtick.
I appreciate those who do their thing, but I fear far too many are just trying to do “a thing”. For example, I present to you Teddy Roosevelt doing “a thing”.
Now compare Teddy doing his thing.
In one, there is a born and raised New Yorker who has gone out West and dressed up in what he thinks Westerners wear, and in the other, he is wearing something suitable for what he is doing, and where he is doing it… in New York.
So on that note, and along those lines, I present some archival finds that should make any hipster eat his own heart. Not to say that any modern day man trying to claim gender normative manliness with a little extra panache’ shouldn’t rock a hat, but these guys absolutely do it better.
Always wondered what gender normative manliness was. I like panache better!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.135908
Retrieved Text: I am coped up in our room at the moment updating my blogs and doing everything else at the same time. The husband said I am crazier than ever. He may be right, lol. I have to close the door to our room so the little man will not bother me. He got tired of playing with Nick, Jr. that he leaped in bed (where I am "working") with me and wanted to play. He did not want me to get on my computer so he tried to sit between me and the laptop while I was doing my thing. Now my online life is important even if I was just reading pronexin reviews if ever, that I don't want to be distracted. I mean, I only spend a few minutes at a time online anymore. And I have not had internet for almost a week that I need this now. The husband, bless him, called his son and distracted the little man while I finish what I am doing. That means I will have to be short so I can play with him if he still wants to play. And then it will be off to bed for us all. Good night!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.103452
Retrieved Text: where to get my suspension done?
Mood: 1098s is here.... and now dirty!
staying with the rear for now, but need heavier spings in the frontg. Any reccomendations? prefer south of Birmingham so I can deliver and collect!!
JHP in Coventry fitted new rear spring to my 1098s and set the suspension up for me and its a different bike..... really knew what they were doing!
Shouldn't be telling you this as Scott will not be happy if you get any faster but Pete Clifford is your man. He's been involved in BSB and WSS teams and is currently helping Craig Fitz in BSB. He runs Actiforce and is usually found at Hottrax meetings and is based near Cadwell. He is your man.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.098049
Retrieved Text: Jesus was confronted by a man who had demons. What had the demons done to that man’s personality and life? What are demons doing to people in our society today? It is not just a tiny number of people who “have demons”. Every fallen human being follows the dictates of Satan, “the spirit who now works in the children of disobedience”.

================



======= Instance Index 37 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Well, the salad's almost ready. How's the beef going? I'm starving.

M: So am I. The beef looks just about ready. Just one minute ... ow!

W: What's the matter?

M: Oh, my finger, I burned my finger!

W: Oh, wait, I'll get some ice and put it on your finger.

M: OK.

W: There.

M: Ah, ah, much better. The ice really works.

W: How does it feel?

M: Oh, I feel good. Thanks. Let's eat.

Question: What are the speakers doing? 

- Cooking.

- Working.

- Having dinner.

Target Text: Cooking.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.848341
Retrieved Text: Welcome to this series of videos by the Office of Refugee Resettlement (ORR) that features stories of hope from Nepali-speaking Bhutanese refugees who resettled in the United States after living in refugee camps in Nepal for nearly two decades. The main video includes a general message of hope and encouragement for Bhutanese refugees who may be experiencing emotional distress. Accompanying the main video are profiles of eight Bhutanese refugees who briefly share ways that they were able to overcome emotional distress and find a new sense of hope and meaning in life.
Bhutanese Refugees in the U.S.
This 15 minute video profiles refugees from Bhutan who discuss their experiences learning English, finding employment, housing and community, understanding rights and responsibilities, and the long process of resettlement. It would be useful for Bhutanese refugees abroad or recently arrived, as well as anybody who wants some insight into the challenges and opportunities that refugees in general face. Bhutanese with English subtitles.
Some of the speakers in the video talked about their concerns when thinking about coming to the U.S. Do you have similar concerns? How do you feel about those concerns now?
While the speakers in the video talked about their challenges when they first came to the U.S., most felt that things got better over time. What were some of these challenges? Do you think things get better over time? Why or why not?
What did the speakers in the video say about their children going to school? How did you feel about what the speakers said?
What kinds of jobs did the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.175272
Retrieved Text: Now more than ever the debate about the Energy Transition is receiving attention.
Why do we need it? Who is doing what? What can Europe do to enhance it?
Speakers from academics, business, politics, media and society will share their perspectives. Not only will they debate amongst each other, time is reserved each round for YOU to ask them all your burning questions.
The debate has three rounds, with each three statements and is guided by a professional moderator.
Keep an eye on the facebook-newsfeed of this event for updates on each debate round, speakers and more.
Speakers for Round 3 are announced! Speakers for Round 2 and 1 will be announced soon.
See you at the Energy Transition Debate.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.89486
Retrieved Text: Please note: The challenge starts on August 1st, so if you join before then, you won’t be able to report progress the challenge starts.
Knowing what works for each individual learner is impossible, but you should try to set a goal which is as high as possible without feeling unreachable. If this is your first challenge or if you’re not sure what you’re capable of, go for 10 hours or so. If you know what you’re doing, you can easily aim for two or three times that much. The winner in one previous challenge listened for 66 hours!
What I’ve been doing while at the intermediate level is that I’ve cut and uploaded from several resources (textbook CDs, ChinesePod, etc.) all the sentences individually to Anki. That way I can have more focus on what is being said, even while the context isn’t always very clear, and keep repeating that R button until I can totally follow the whole sentence. It also incorporates SRS nicely thought it’s not probably that necessary with listening.
The speakers in ChinesePod are not the best, should use native speakers from mainland China, I unsubscribed because of this !
ChinesePod has thousands of lessons with dozens of different speakers. Why would you unsubscribe because there is a range of different accents? I perceive this as a strength, not a weakness!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.873816
Retrieved Text: There are a lot of smart speakers in the market today, although we wouldn’t necessarily consider them to be the best-sounding speakers, which is kind of the angle that Apple went with the HomePod, where the company chose to focus more on the sound quality rather than on what the speakers could do.
However if you’re looking for high-end audio that also supports digital assistants, you’ll be pleased to learn (your bank account might disagree) that Bang & Olufsen has announced that its Beosound 1 and Beosound 2 speakers have recently been updated where they will now come with Google Assistant integration.
The Beosound 1 and 2 speakers aren’t new products but the company is now shipping them with Google Assistant integration, giving them a “smarter” and more modern update. Basically what it means is that these speakers will now have the same functionality as you would expect from other Google Assistant-enabled devices, like the Google Home, and will be capable of doing everything Google Assistant can do.
The update to the speakers will also see Bang & Olufsen introduce four buttons on the top of the speaker which users can assign to their favorite tasks, such as streaming from a particular radio station, quick access to your favorite playlist, and more. As expect from Bang & Olufsen, these speakers do not come cheap and are priced at $1,750 for the Beosound 1, and $2,250 for the Beosound 2, and both speakers are expected to be available mid-September and early October respectively.
Filed in Audio >Gadgets. Read more about Bang

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.438511
Retrieved Text: How do I Choose the Best Wireless Home Theater Speakers?
Wireless home theater speakers are a way of avoiding the need to have cables running all the way around your room in a multi-speaker setup. In most cases, only the rear speakers will be set-up wirelessly. When choosing speakers, you will need to consider whether to buy add-on units or a complete new speaker and receiver system.
It's important to note that, despite the name, wireless home theater speakers can actually have more cables than standard speaker systems. This is because each speaker requires some form of power. This can either be through a built-in amplifier, which must be connected to a power socket, or through an external amplifier, which is wired to both the power socket and the speaker. This means that it's usually possible to avoid lengthy cable runs by using wireless home theater speakers, but there can still be a lot of cabling involved, particularly if power outlets are not conveniently located for your chosen speaker sites. There are a few systems that are powered by batteries, but the performance is likely to be less impressive.
You will need to decide if you want to have all speakers be wireless, or merely some of them. In many rooms, somebody who wants to cut down on trailing wires may find that there is no problem with wired speakers at the front and center and that they only need wireless options for the rear speakers. The main advantage of doing it this way is that the costs are

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.365627
Retrieved Text: As the weather starts to warm up (hopefully soon), we will be spending more time outdoors. Sitting back and listening to some tunes is relaxing as well as fun. Take a look at some of your options.
Mounted speakers: There are a variety of speakers that can be attached to the house or porch. These speakers are weatherproof and come on a swivel mount to direct the sound down. Our preference on the high end is Bose 251 Wall Mount Outdoor Environmental Speakers and for a mid-range speaker the Polk Atrium 5 series.
Rock speakers: For those who want to hide their sound in the garden, rock speakers or environmental speakers are very popular. The Niles Audio rock speaker delivers years of worry free use in all types of weather conditions and sounds fabulous. Another style of garden speaker (and Lew’s personal favorite) is the Bose Free Space Environmental Speaker. This speaker is buried about 2/3 of its height into the garden and provides a rich warm sound to any patio, pool or garden setting.
Planter speakers: The only planter style speaker that is worth purchasing is the Niles Audio speaker in either terracotta or weathered concrete. Niles knows what they are doing to ensure this is a quality speaker that looks good and will last.
Other speakers: In addition to the above, there isn’t much you can’t do with outdoor speakers. Several manufacturers make an in ground speaker system that is scalable and designed for flower beds and around the yard.
Sophisticated, elegant and powerful, today’s outdoor audio is capable

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.341644
Retrieved Text: What did the speaker talk about? Why is the speakers topic important? How did this seminar change your thinking about this area or your career goals?
Previous Previous post: Create a 5- to 7-minute PowerPoint presentation including: One slide on your topic and question (approximately 1 minute). Which topic and question did you choose? Why does it interest you?
Next Next post: Does this mean that foreign language skills are no longer important for native English speakers when doing business around the world? Explain your answer.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.336619
Retrieved Text: how to run ipod without a radio?
I want to simply run a wire to a ipod and have it hooked up to my speakers, I've seen it done but I'm not sure how to go about doing it. Can anyone help me out?
Re: how to run ipod without a radio?
ipod straight to aftermarket amp either with or without a processor.
what do you mean processor, can you elaborate?
anything like a jbl ms-8, arc dsp/dxe, audison bit series. something with an AUX input that will give you the ability to control what the sound is doing, and control the amps. it just depends on how indepth you wanna get. you can get an amp to run speakers and run the headphone jack of the ipod to the amp. or you could get a JBL ms-8 and power your speakers with that and use the AUX input for the ipod, or use a mix of all the above.
Quick Reply: how to run ipod without a radio?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.329066
Retrieved Text: Sometimes bothers me the question what is the meaning of all this endless chasing of the perfect sound? Looking on it objectively it is a pain. First of all one puts a lot of effort gathering the knowledge, because it is something that requires hundreds of hours of reading and digging into that matter. Then hours of voluntary work have been put into modifying or creating components. I’ve spend weekends braiding cables, creating custom wooden compartments for filters, adjusting damping material of the speakers, soldering cables, glueing and grinding wood and so on. Sometimes I am asking myself why didn’t I spent this time doing something sensible?
Speakers are the most important component in an audio chain. I can’t remember any other component that has influenced my home audio system as much as speakers did. Speakers disperse the sound waves inside the room interacting with its boundaries and one shouldn’t think about them separately but in conjunction with the particular room.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.220858
Retrieved Text: Pulled the rig in the shop for some upgrades this winter before our spring fishing starts. Upgrading electronics with the Simrad Evo3 matched with an airmar B175hw transducer. Also switching out the old Rockford fosgate amp and speakers with kicker audio Km8 coaxial, Memphis audio 6x9s powered by a kicker audio amp and fusion bb300. Also doing some touch ups to the glass and smaller upgrades(led Nav lights, led deck lights etc.) will post some more pics as upgrades continue and we rewire the existing power.
Nice place to work and it looks like you have a long punch list.
What engine are you running on that hull? Single 300? I've never seen a conch 27 with a single before.
BigShrimpin, coores14 and captglasshole like this.
Learn something new every day thanks man!
Edey&Duff only made a few configured with the single engine motor well with a shroud. I run a Yamaha 4.2liter 300hp four stroke with a 4 blade powertech prop. Boat is definitely no speed demon but it’s very economical and fast enough for what I use it for.
what are you doing with your old stuff?
Curious did something go wrong with the RF speakers and amp? I had them on my last boat and they sounded amazing.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.196574
Retrieved Text: #SPEAKERS – Are you ready to earn thousands doing what you LOVE?!
Become a “Certified Convention Speaker” AND get listed on LVCSB.com!
I hear from every week who want to get listed on LVCSB.com. They don’t feel they are getting paid what they are worth. Even many seasoned speakers want to know how to earn more.
Many are tired of getting asked to speak for free or to speak for much less than their fee. I know how they feel! I started out as an author and speaker … and, for years, I struggled trying to figure out how best to monetize my message.
Robin Jay: I’ve been speaking for more than 15 years and running the LVCSB for more than 10. I know what speakers want and I can help you!
In 2006, I founded the Las Vegas Convention Speakers Bureau. By being on the other side, I finally discovered how the speaking industry really works. Now, I am excited to show you how to monetize your message by sharing my INSIDER’S SECRETS!
I’m Robin Jay, President of the Las Vegas Convention Speakers Bureau. EVERY speaker wants to get listed on LVCSB.com. I don’t blame them, either! The Las Vegas Convention Speakers Bureau is an elite speakers bureau, it has tremendous SEO (Search Engine Optimization) AND it’s right in the middle of the “Convention Capital Of North America” … Las Vegas, Nevada!
I know how competitive the speaking industry can be and what it takes to distinguish yourself from the thousands of speakers who are vying for the same paid gigs. Stop

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.124649
Retrieved Text: Smart businesses pride themselves on making data driven decisions. So why, when it comes to the make-up of boards, do so many leaders ignore the evidence and find excuses to do the blatantly wrong thing?
I am a fan of Eric Schmidt and Jonathan Rosenberg’s book, How Google Works. One comment particularly resonates, he says that at Google decision making is based on the principle that goes something like, “In God We Trust, everyone else needs to bring data”.
It would be hard to find investors or boards that would seriously argue with that rule. Yet, though the data around what makes up successful executive and non-executive boards is extensive and compelling; bizarrely, it is seemingly rarely acted upon.
What if I were to tell you that Mass Challenge, a US accelerator found that boards made up exclusively of English only speakers were a worse investment than boards with bilingual speakers? What if, for every dollar of funding, start-ups with bilingual directors generated 78 cents while those with English only speakers generated 31 cents?
companies with at least one bilingual director on the board outperform those with none.
The list goes on. Every data point under-scores that it is smart business to have bilingual speakers in leadership roles.
What is stopping you, assuming you are in the majority, from doing the smart thing? Given the evidence, will you tell your head hunters to be sure to find some bilingual speakers for your short list? Will you check that internally you are not unconsciously preventing your bilingual managers from being promoted because they

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.094621
Retrieved Text: When placing your home theater speakers, try to use the same amount of speaker wire for each type of speaker. For example, use the same length of wire for each of the front speakers. This will allow the signal to reach each speaker in about the same instant. I say "about" because there are variations in the wire which could cause the signal to reach one speaker slightly (fractions of a fraction of a second) before the other. By making the two lengths equal, you ensure that this delay remains tiny and unnoticeable.
The two front speakers should be the same distance from the audience as the center channel. Doing this will ensure that the sound will travel from each speaker to the audience in the same amount of time and reduce the chances of their being a noticeable delay between what takes place on screen to when you hear it. Each of the front speakers should also be positioned an equal distance from the TV on either side. This distance is dependant on your specific tastes; just make sure that the distances are both equal.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.061591
Retrieved Text: I know this sounds like a silly question, but think about it for a moment – what is the job description of your home audio or home theater speakers? I mean we all know the job descriptions of other things around our house, the toaster is supposed to deliver golden brown toast, the dishwasher is supposed to clean your dishes until they sparkle, the microwave is supposed to heat things up quickly. What then, are your home audio or home theater speakers supposed to do?
Knowing a products job description is important because it allows you the homeowner to decide whether or not it’s living up to its potential. If your toaster burns your toast, you get rid of it. If your dishwasher doesn’t clean your dishes you call a repairman. So then, how do you know if your home audio system or speakers are doing what they’re supposed to do and if it’s time to get rid of them?
Let me offer this answer. The job description of a home audio speaker or home audio system is to zonk you, to remove you from reality and take you to another place where time passes without you knowing it, where distractions don’t exist. Good home audio speakers allow you to get completely and emotionally involved into the piece of music or film. Is your home audio or home theater system doing that for you?
I’ll never forget my first time listening to great speakers. It was a pair of Vienna Acoustics Mahlers. When the music played, the first thing

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.045955
Retrieved Text: This video might also be named “Yin and Yang Separation.” At first, it might be a little off-putting for English speakers as much of the instruction is in Chinese. Much of the footage is also shot from Shifu Chen’s posterior angle. Al of these are actually recommendations for this video. I am an advocate of turning off the sound in videos and watching to learn, so if you do not speak Chinese, you already have an advantage. Watching the class, one can observe how absorbed they are with what Shifu Chen is doing with his hands as we all are. The posterior view angle allows you to focus on what his torso is doing and not doing. This is a great advantage in learning these skills.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.039087
Retrieved Text: Hello, I recently purchased the s15 speaker for my surround speakers. I am doing a 7.1 setup and also adding rear surrounds. I was wondering if I should stay with the s15 for them or if I could step down to the s10 for the rear users .this would present two different size sets of speakers for rear surrounds any advice is greatly appreciated.
If you have the room for them stay with the S15s otherwise you can go down to the S10s. What speakers anchor your front stage?
Excellent, then pick whichever size S# will fit in the spaces.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.039021
Retrieved Text: We are happy to welcome back several speakers that have already been giving sessions in previous DevCons, but hadn’t been here for one or more years. In detail: Steven Black is back after several years. Marcia Akins and her husband Andy Kramek couldn’t come in 2004 and are back again now. Regarding German speakers, Andreas Flohr and Torsten Weggen are also here again, after not doing sessions for two, respectively four years at this conference.
At this point we would like to send some regards to the speakers that couldn’t come to Frankfurt this year, since they are very busy at the moment or are doing sessions anywhere else in the world right now.
We are also proud to announce several speakers that are here for the very first time. Welcome to Doug Hennig, Rick Schumer, Craig Berntson, Marcus Luz and Benjamin Anders.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.035733
Retrieved Text: Choosing an Amp is in part a decision of what your vehicle intentions are. Are you Just adding Speakers? Are you adding a Subwoofer? Are you planning on doing both? These are things to think about when making your purchase. Also always pay attention to the RMS on your Amplifier or Sub, that is the number you need.
There are several options available when dealing with Amplifiers!
A Mono Amplifier is probably the type we sell the most of, due to the effect most people are trying to accomplish. These are most common if you are powering just a Subwoofer. Do you already have a Subwoofer and you just need to match it up? If this is the case we would need to know the RMS Watts and impedance on the Subs to properly complete your system.
2- Channel Amplifiers are great for Powering a pair of speakers, these have a great use in Vehicle with rear speakers or seats. For example a Regular Cab truck.
3-Channel Amplifiers are like having two Amplifiers in one. Generally you are able to run a Subwoofer as well as a set of speakers off these amps.
If you are looking for something versatile and capable of powering an entire speaker system in a vehicle look to a 4-Channel Amplifier. They are great for a basic system with front and rear speakers, where there is no sub-woofer. On the other hand they can also be used in a vehicle where no rear speakers are needed, but a sub-woofer is required. Most can be a 3-Channel

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.0242
Retrieved Text: Bluetooth and Wireless Speakers. Which on is your favorite?
After doing some research online I never imagined how many colors, and features there are to choose from! There are water-resistant speakers like the UE BOOM 2, speakers that charge your device, and even speakers that you can use as a speakerphone to answer calls like the Bose® - SoundLink® Mini Bluetooth Speaker II. With so many choices it pretty much boiled down to how I was going to use my bluetooth speaker, and how much I was willing to spend to determine the one that was right for me.
So I think I'm going to go with the JBL - Charge 2+ Portable Wireless Stereo Speaker. It's a bluetooth speaker with several features at a great price. I can take it fishing on the lake with me this summer because it's splash proof, and if my phone is running low on power I can charge it back up via a USB port, AND I can answer phone calls without having to put down my fishing pole. How great is that?
What do you all think? Which portable bluetooth speaker is your favorite?
Re: Bluetooth and Wireless Speakers. Which on is your favorite?
For anyone with a TV... they should research Yamaha's sound projectors, which can create surround sound without rear speakers.
No... they are not portable... but they do offer Bluetooth.
Hi, it's a tough one, because it,s hard to choose between so many brands, & which one is genuine & which one is not, so i decided to go for UE BOOM

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.010294
Retrieved Text: WIRED Money 2015 at the British Museum was an intense and hugely entertaining day. With 19 speakers blowing our minds on the Main Stage and 18 inspiring pitches on the BBVA Ventures Startup Stage, the grand choice of location couldn't have been more apt.
One of the major themes of the day was how incumbents are increasingly being disintermediated by more agile, innovative startups such asmicrofinance company Oradian. These companies are on a mission to do things in a better, more customer-centric way.
From payments to user experience, marketplaces to security, it became apparent that our speakers -- who had come from Los Angeles, San Francisco, Berlin, Tel Aviv, Paris, Tokyo and even the wilds of Shoreditch -- are engaged in a grand and inspiring mission to make the financial sector better and build great businesses along the way. As author Andreas M Antonopoulos noted when talking about Bitcoin, "this is not smooth jazz - this is punk rock" – a sentiment that could be applied to what most of our speakers are doing on a daily basis.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.008352
Retrieved Text: Deciding between in-wall and in-ceiling speakers can be quite a daunting task. Both have their own advantages as well as limitations. Though common sense would dictate that both should be used as needed, the reality is that there might arise certain situations where using one particular type might make more sense both cost-wise and from a feasibility point of view over its counterpart.
Today’s post will shed some light on these situations and what in-wall and in-ceiling speakers are good for. People who are looking to build a home theatre system would find this information particularly useful.
Let’s take ceiling speakers first. They are dependent on distance from the TV. If you’re TV set is on the ground, the distance from the TV to the ceiling speaker is a key factor. The greater the distance the more it impacts performance. This is why ceiling speakers tend to work best with TV’s that are mounted high on the wall. This reduces the distance between the two. Projector screens work perfectly with ceiling speakers.
In-wall speakers on the other hand are best suited for the front wall around the TV display. There is no denying they add to the aesthetic beauty of a room however from a performance point of view, they truly shine when placed on the front wall. This is the best choice for audio/video lockup. The user is properly positioned to face the dispersion patterns of the speakers.
No matter which speaker you chose, insulation must be kept in mind at all times. Ceiling speakers and in-wall speakers need

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.991232
Retrieved Text: At Marie Grey & Associates, our clients have the last say.
“From the first time we engaged with Marie Grey & Associates, a few years ago to our latest conference held, has been nothing but professional. This extends into her team as well. What is very rare in today’s time is that Marie finds the time to call her clients personally.
“Many years have passed since I first engaged with Marie Grey & Associates and many more will come which is testament to the value MG&A add to our Corporate Events and the execution thereof. Always on point with recommended speakers and it is not only a recommendation you get! Marie personally takes the time to connect with the speakers she puts forward to ensure a perfect fit. MG&A always ensures that we are well prepared to sell the nominated speakers to our Corporate Clients. I’d like you to know that we are very pleased with the quality of service you provide. We sincerely appreciate your responsiveness and the way you conduct business. We have recommended your company to others because of our satisfaction with your service. We look forward to doing business with you for years to come”.
“The team at Marie Grey and Associates is slick, professional and a pleasure to deal with”.
Quinton Coetzee– Business Speaker, Wildlife Expert and SA Speakers Hall of Fame inductee.
“Marie Grey is the consummate professional. What is critical here is her deep commitment to her clients and the outstanding liaison with her speakers. Above all else, her integrity shines through every time.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.976916
Retrieved Text: Bi-wiring Speakers………………some high-end speakers have 2 or more pairs of terminals on the back!
It enables an amp to provide bass to the woofer, and treble to the tweeter, but as standard, there’s a ‘bridge’ between them, so ‘normal’ users can just use standard twin cable speaker to either of the terminals.
Some enthusiastic owners of bi-wireable speakers, remove the bridge, & either connect 2 sets of cables to the single set of terminals at the back of the amp, or use speaker system ‘B’ if the amp has them, to power the other set of speaker terminals.
It’s our opinion that, all it’s doing is to move the bridge from the speakers, to the back of the amp, or inside the amp. So we’re not convinced there’s any advantage.
Where use of the multiple speaker terminals is an advantage, is if you have twin stereo amps (or 4 mono-blocks) with an external cross-over to direct bass to the woofers & treble to the tweeters – now that’s serious stuff! This is not so much Bi-wiring, but Bi-Amping.
This is purely a summary of what all those extra terminals are on some of our hi-end speakers our customers buy from us. Unless you want to get into Bi-amping, just make sure the bridge between the terminals are securely in place – red are bridged together & black together – NEVER bridge red to black or you’ll blow your amplifier!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.941245
Retrieved Text: Patrick Schwerdtfeger is an author and motivational speaker who specializes in the exploding self-employment trend and the associated opportunities on today’s social internet. His programs are motivational and his message is one of empowerment and opportunity. Patrick’s biggest claim to fame is that he really has no claim to fame! That’s what makes his programs so inspiring. Most speakers have an amazing accomplishment in their back pocket. That’s how they got started. And as motivating as some of those stories are, they also imply that success requires some superhuman quality that most people simply don’t possess.
That’s not the case with Patrick. He’s an ordinary guy, that’s for sure. But he kept at it, working away trying new things, accumulating one tiny victory after another, until the momentum became unstoppable. Consistency is the key. All of the other obstacles have faded away. You don’t have to go to Harvard. You don’t have be one ethnicity or another. You don’t have to be rich or have crazy connections. The only thing you need is consistency. If you provide good quality content on a consistent basis, you WILL get noticed. If Patrick can do it, anyone can. That’s the message and the take-aways are full of tips and tricks to accelerate the process.
Patrick’s books include Marketing Shortcuts for the Self-Employed (2011, Wiley & Sons, Inc.), Webify Your Business: Internet Secrets for the Self-Employed (2009) and Make Yourself Useful: Marketing in the 21st Century (2008). He is a regular speaker for Bloomberg TV and has spoken about small business marketing

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.919629
Retrieved Text: When did you start running Ungagged and why?
Conferences where everyone is ‘networking’ in the halls because their ticket does not allow access to the speakers sessions.
Speakers were being told what they could or couldn’t say because the event organisers were scared of upsetting their sponsors and partners.
The same speakers doing the circuit churning out the same content or it’s an event where the speakers are just pitching their product.
No food, no drinks and no ‘real’ networking taking place.
It was time for a change and at UnGagged none of the above occurs.
How far in advance do you start planning your conference? Do you work with other partners to put on the event?
The first conference took us over a year to organise. Being from the UK we were a little crazy and decided the first one should be in Vegas in a sink or swim attitude. I guess the first one is always the most scary / painful but it did yield an enormous amount of satisfaction and pride. That ended November 17, so I guess we started on London November 18! We happily work with any like minded partners and all exposure with a new venture like ours is most welcome.
Is Ungagged all about Black Hat?
No, not at all. If somebody wants to discuss their techniques and successes whichever colour hat, we give them the platform to openly share. It’s great to see all sides and opinions coming from within a community of free spirited professionals. DM / IM / SEO are broad subjects and there are

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.912382
Retrieved Text: A new roster of speakers has been announced for the "Conversations in and out of the Disciplines" lecture series. The spring 2015 series begins Friday, February 6.
Launched in 2008 by Ann Colley, SUNY Distinguished Professor, English Department, the series was established to further conversation between faculty and graduate students. The series, offered every semester, includes guest speakers from a variety of disciplines. All are welcome to attend these talks, held at 3:00 p.m. in Ketchum Hall 320.
"The series features faculty presenting their approach to research in their respective disciplines,” said Barish Ali, assistant professor of English, who coordinates the lectures with Colley and David Ben-Merre, associate professor of English. “The speakers demonstrate what kinds of problems motivate research in their field and describe what methods are considered acceptable approaches to tackling these problems. These conversations help the greater Buffalo State community appreciate the subjects and methodologies across the disciplines and, in so doing, could also foster interdisciplinary collaboration among different disciplines."
"The Creature from the River Styx: The Life Story of the Hellbender Salamander in New York"
"Two-Step Spin Crossover Behavior in the Iron(II) Complex of Tris(3-methylpyrazolyl)methane: What Could This Title Possibly Mean?"
"Manhattan Project: Desegregating the Metropolitan Opera in the Twentieth Century"
"Will You Play with Me? The Pleasures of Paranoia from the Cold War to Contingent Culture"

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.889659
Retrieved Text: Is that what you want for your event?
Do you want your event to stand out AND give true value?
Most speakers have the ability to get you excited to make changes, but what happens the day after you hear them?
That's right, you don't remember what got you so excited.
Most speakers aren't prepared to give you information that you can take with you and apply after their event. Though they are brilliant at getting you motivated, if you don't have a place to put your new enthusiasm, it goes wasted.
You deserve an event that stands out, that will leave a mark on your attendees, and will have them begging you to repeat in the future.
Is that the kind of event that you want?
An event that people will be talking about and thankful for?
Book Now to have the event that your attendees deserve!
We have a different approach to most speakers. We don't want to just motivate you. Though it is important to give motivation, we also want to give you much more.
Instead of just motivating you, we also provide your attendees with insightful information that can be used and readily applied after the event. By doing this, you are able to channel your newfound motivation into productive ends that will make a dramatic impact to you and your attendees.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.851166
Retrieved Text: I’ve been reading a new book today by Michael Backman called ‘Asia Future Shock’. I’ve been a fan of Michael Backman since his first book, the international bestseller ‘Asian Eclipse: Exposing the Dark Side of Business in Asia’ was published in 1999 (and which I extensively used as a reference work when doing the international business unit of my MBA) so I snapped up his latest offering when I saw it in a bookstore last night.
It has some fascinating facts and forecasts about where Asia is heading in the next 20 years.
One fact that surprised me was in relation to which country in Asia had the highest number of English speakers. Like most people, I would say that was India, but Backman points out that India only has 38 million adult English speakers – about 5 per cent of its population. The honour of the highest number of English speakers in Asia goes to the Philippines, where about 95 per cent of its 90 million people can speak English.
But what was even more surprising, I learned, was that China is turning out about 20 million English speakers a year, and according to a British Council report quoted by Backman, there are currently 176.7 million schoolchildren and adults studying English in China. This extraordinary situation means that it won’t be long before there are more English speakers in China than in the United States!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.839239
Retrieved Text: Welcome to FuckUp Nights Sydney! To launch our events in 2018, we are teaming up for a very special partnership, running an official side event as part of Purpose 2018!
Purpose is the coming together of purpose-driven people. The people who are doing good and doing it incredibly well. Purpose is a two day event for purpose driven people and purpose led business, running 27-28 February 2018 in Sydney, created by WIldwon. Visit www.purpose.do for more info and tickets.
FuckUp Nights is a global movement born in Mexico in 2012 to share public business failure stories with hundreds of people attending each event around the world. Each month speakers will be invited to talk about their FuckUp stories; we’ll learn about their biggest mistakes, what they learned, how they moved on- all whilst sharing invaluable advice along the way. They will showcase amazing stories of personal, business and project failure and the wisdom and resilience learned from such experiences.
The speakers will candidly share in 7-10 minutes: * What their project / business was * What went wrong / How it affected their personal life / What they learned / What they would do differently.
At the end of each person’s story, you’ll have a chance to ask questions- nothing too cheeky, but feel free to dig around. You’ll hear stories and advice you won’t get elsewhere - and these stories will (hopefully) put you in good stead to not make the same fuckups.
Attendance is free, but we do ask you to register in advance.
You’re following F'Up Nights for Purpose

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.800967
Retrieved Text: Sinister Smart Speakers – Are they taking over?
From Siri to Alexa, the impact of voice-controlled Smart Speakers has become more prominent, in recent years. What could be better than finding out how far away you are from Mongolia, in a matter of seconds? Or what 21796 + 43267 is?
Well, these Smart Speakers claim to be able to answer all these vital questions. According to tech advisors NPR, 1 in 6 Americans (which is 16% or 39 million people) own a smart speaker. About 7% of Americans bought their smart speaker between Black Friday and the end of 2017. Many companies have made Smart Speakers, including: Google, Amazon and Apple. These companies have made these speakers to help people around the house. Some of the features of these devices are: playing music, turning on smart lights and they can even tell jokes.
In a recent study carried out by the BBC, 3 Smart Speakers (Homepod, Alexa and Google Home) were asked a series of random questions. I have compiled a few of the most surprising answers that the Smart Speakers replied with.
When asked, How long has Theresa May been Prime Minister? Alexa was able to give the correct answer. Another astonishing reply was that both Google Home and Alexa were able to correctly tell people the quickest way to get to work. In my opinion, the most shocking answer reply was that Alexa and Google Home were both able to correctly give the current leader in Formula 1 racing. These responses show that these Smart Speakers are all

================



======= Instance Index 38 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Well, the salad's almost ready. How's the beef going? I'm starving.

M: So am I. The beef looks just about ready. Just one minute ... ow!

W: What's the matter?

M: Oh, my finger, I burned my finger!

W: Oh, wait, I'll get some ice and put it on your finger.

M: OK.

W: There.

M: Ah, ah, much better. The ice really works.

W: How does it feel?

M: Oh, I feel good. Thanks. Let's eat.

Question: What happened to the man's finger? 

- It's cut.

- It's burnt.

- It's wounded.

Target Text: It's burnt.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.529774
Retrieved Text: I worked at S. H. Inn as a night auditor and witnessed enough that I eventually quit. What was the caretakers house and is now used as the front desk. (Just so you know a man was murdered in the house in the 1970s). I was entering data into a computer and I had what felt like a finger run up the length of my leg, doors in the upstairs were always open when I went to work, and when dropping the night drop in the safe upstairs they would all be closed.
if someone threw it, it almost hit me as I walked by. That happened at least 3 times a week.
There were 7-up soda bottles lined up on the floor and I watched one night as one at a time they were pushed over (there were 4 2 liter bottles. ) One night I was reading a book and I heard this blood curdling man's scream but could not tell from where in the house it came from, searched the house and there was nothing.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.813368
Retrieved Text: Now, Kentucky is firmly back on the booze again after some abstemious days. And to judge by his recycling box he may be overdoing it.
Continue reading"Four Faces of M"
Continue reading"Bob Dylan: 70 is the new 50"
Continue reading"In vino veritas – the Drinking Man's Diary's friend"
The Famous 50 Pence Pint!
Continue reading"The Famous 50 Pence Pint!"
Now, not many tasty things have come out of New York State, but I know one: Buffalo Mozzarella.
What Happened to The Little Park?
Continue reading"What Happened to The Little Park?"
Continue reading"The Beer Gut Myth"
The Consul can be wrong!
Continue reading"The Consul can be wrong!"
Continue reading"A Drinking Man's Game: Pool"
We were there when the Wars of the Roses were over – still fighting, but this time it was 7.5% perry, hangovers and gout. Luckily with Bob’s help and plenty of fried egg sandwiches we prevailed.
Continue reading"The Beer Goggle Test"

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.641846
Retrieved Text: An aging hypochondriac has the strange notion that he is dead. His delusion, in fact, becomes such a problem that his family finally pays for him to see a psychiatrist.
The psychiatrist spends many sessions trying to convince the man he is still alive, but nothing seems to work. Finally, the doctor tries one last approach. He takes out his medical books and proceeds to show the patient that dead men don't bleed. After hours of tedious work, the doctor asks him, "Do you now agree that dead men don't bleed?"
"Yes, I believe I do," the man replies.
"Very well, then," the doctor says. He takes out a pin and pricks the man's finger. Out comes a bead of blood.
"What does that tell you?" the doctor asks.
"Oh, my goodness!" the man exclaims, staring at his finger. "Dead men do bleed."

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.524086
Retrieved Text: (LARGO, Fla.) — Florida authorities went to a funeral home and used a dead man's finger to try to unlock his cellphone as part of their investigation. Thirty-year-old Linus Phillip was killed by a Largo police officer last month after authorities say he tried to drive away before an officer could search him.
An off-duty Detroit police officer has been charged after he allegedly tussled with his girlfriend downtown Sunday and pulled out his gun when citizens tried to help the woman, police said. The officer has been charged with two counts of felonious assault, two counts of felony firearm and domestic violence.
The Fairfax County Police Department said a man was found dead on Colchester Road in Fairfax Station with upper-body trauma; detectives are on the ... WASHINGTON — Police in Fairfax County are investigating what they call an apparent homicide on Colchester Road in Fairfax Station on Wednesday.
A senior police officer who left top secret documents in the boot of his car for five days before they were stolen has been dismissed without notice. Assistant Chief Constable Marcus Beale was found guilty of gross misconduct by a disciplinary panel in February which recommended he should be dismissed.
PLAINFIELD, Ind. -- Plainfield police say they have a suspect in custody following a robbery at a Chase Bank Tuesday afternoon. The robbery occurred around 2 p.m. at the Chase Bank location at 807 Southfield Drive, near the intersection of Quaker Boulevard and Stafford Road in Plainfield.
CHARLOTTE, NC - Dramatic police body camera video shows what happened when Charlotte-Mecklenburg police

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.371271
Retrieved Text: As much as you love Fluffy, his constant need to claw your living room sofa isn’t exactly desirable. After furnishing your home with numerous scratching posts and still no improvement, you may be asking yourself, “what now?” As a very last resort, it may be time to consider declawing surgery. A choice not without controversy, the procedure should only be done after careful consideration with all of the facts.
One meaning of the alliterative phrase The Fickle Finger of Fate is defined as "A series of very unlucky or unfortunate events." I must admit that increasingly my own image of The Fickle Finger is part of the current regime’s giant government hand displaying an obscene gesture at an over-taxed public still desperately looking for a job after six years of empty promises and demeaning programs to placate victims on their way down the road of life-long dependency.
Stephen Morris, a former resident of Cave Creek (and a former editor of Sonoran News 1995) has published his second book with Amazon. Titled “Methuselah’s Memoirs” the book is a fictional account of a family that lived in the times just before the great flood predicted by Noah.
FORT WORTH, Texas – One man's trash is another man's treasure, but have you ever thought that it could also be someone's music? If you've ever seen a Vocal Trash performance you know this to be true. Using clever one-of-a-kind upcycled instruments, their music-with-a-message inspires audiences to step-up their recycling efforts. Vocal Trash's lead singer, Kelsey Rae, has taken this a step further in

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.263798
Retrieved Text: Leo and Rebecca Buzz Question...My man's SISTER comes over to see our 4 month old baby and SHE PUTS HER FINGER IN HIS MOUTH to soothe him as a pacifier!! I was shocked when I saw her do this and was like WHOA! After she left I told my man I'm not having that..and he said it's no big deal..she was just trying to comfort the baby. I FEEL LIKE I NEED TO CALL HER OUT IF IT HAPPENS AGAIN...what do you think? Gross!!!!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.054955
Retrieved Text: Abide by the General Rules.
This forum is only for discussion of news and articles sourced from reputable sources.
I HAVE NEW NEWS/ARTICLES TO SHARE! WHAT DOES ONE DO IN SUCH A SITUATION?
Aim for the least-biased reporting where possible. Question your sources before posting; try to source from two or more places [ideally from a range of content providers, who might not necessarily agree ideologically]. Posting five articles from five different Murdoch-owned rags does not count as sourcing from different places.
Topic titles must accurately convey as much information about the news item or article as possible. "You won't believe this!" is not a good title. "Explosion in moderator forum; three dead" is a good title. Providing it actually happened. (in truth, there was only a minor laceration on one magistrate's finger...but it was a mighty painful one; think papercut times five).
Topic titles must not be misleading, nor twisted to further a personal or political agenda. One man's terrorist is another's freedom fighter, etc.
Post more than just a link with minimal commentary on the news item's subject matter. If you're not interested enough to post a few lines about why the xkcd forum needs this in their forum, then either the story itself is uninteresting, or you're showing a lack of respect for others. Posting a link with scant else is akin to shouting a newspaper headline to a neighbour, before walking away. Unless, of course, the newspaper headline is "EPIDEMIC SPREADS: EVACUATE NOW".
WHERE DO I POST MY NEWS AND/OR ARTICLES?
YUGE story? Probably deserves a new thread. If a

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.016481
Retrieved Text: Indian Vanity Case: Fun Nail Trend: Match Your Nails With Your Man's T-Shirt!
Fun Nail Trend: Match Your Nails With Your Man's T-Shirt!
First of all, it was a coincidence. The man's t-shirt matched my nail polish one day. I got so excited! I wanted it to happen again.... I'll make it happen again!
Some feminists would be like, "Why? Why should we match our nails to what a man is wearing now?!"
Uhm, because it's fun! And because it'll be the other way around. We (demand) suggest he wears a t-shirt that matches our nail polish.
I think it's cute. A subtler PDA.
For all you patient nail art experts, you can even copy the graphics, and put those numbers and words and hyphens and whatnot.
You ladies with me on this trend?
yup am in !!! this is so much fun !
YES it is! :D Same pinch!
aww..happened with me too number of times..

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.01463
Retrieved Text: Yellow and white poster with multicolor lettering. Title in upper left corner. Poster announces an AIDS benefit performance, including date, time, location, and performers. Visual image is an illustration of a man in a black undershirt and what appears to be a man wearing women's clothes. The man in the black shirt inserts his condom-covered finger into the mouth of the other man and kisses the other man's condom-covered nose. Publisher information in lower left corner. Note in lower right corner states that prevention is better than anxiety.
1 photomechanical print (poster) : 37 x 54 cm.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.8867
Retrieved Text: Okay just to clarify....are we reporting JB's posts? I unclear and just want to make sure !
Some people need to get a life.
did you remove that one where the man's wife's dog's hamster was pregnant? ridiculous.
critrgitr jr wrote: did you remove that one where the man's wife's dog's hamster was pregnant? ridiculous.
Actually there were 2 from him!!!! Flushed then real quick!!!!!!
Is this a strict forum? And hello, I'm new here.
Strict? Not particularly if posts are civil.
Yeah, unfortunately, this forum isn't monitored very much anymore. I still check it regularly enough...but things are very slooooowwwwwwwww on it.
What the hell happened to this site? Looks like that's the end of it.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.74243
Retrieved Text: MetalRockNews: Five Finger Death Punch drummer Jeremy Spencer: "We did NOT break up"
Five Finger Death Punch drummer Jeremy Spencer: "We did NOT break up"
Five Finger Death Punch drummer Jeremy Spencer has posted a message on his Facebook page: "We did NOT break up! Things went sideways with technical issues. Ivan got pissed and took it out onstage. It was a bad night, to say the least. He has since apologized. But we are 100% still a band and look forward to seeing you all on tour!"
Click here to read what happened to their show in Memphis.
Ivan Moody explained what happened at the show, click here to read his message.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.621984
Retrieved Text: This piece was actually given to me by a very close friend of mine, whose not into magic or the occult at all. In fact, we are so opposite sometimes I wonder why we are such good friends, but he keeps me ground sometimes and I like that. Sometimes I tend to way too, "out there." I think this is why we match so well, because we meet somewhere in the middle and have a good time. All's well that ends well, right?
Anyhow, this isn't about my friendship with people, it is about the item that I have available. It came from my friend who works full-time and studies part time. He goes to night school at a local college in our area, whose campus happens to include a very old building, which I told him before had the potential to be haunted. It leaks a very strange energy that I've never been able to put my finger on. Then again, I've never been inside the building either. As you all know there are souls that roam the earth on a daily basis. For whatever reason they have neglected to move on. Then, there are souls that exist here in our realm for the simple fact that they don't want to be manifested into physical form for whatever reason. And although I couldn't put my finger on the entity that clearly was roving the grounds of the night school my friend went to, I never expected it to be what it turned out to be.
Per my

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.5844
Retrieved Text: Farmington police detained a man near the scene of a stabbing that happened today near the 700 block of West Apache Street.
FARMINGTON – Farmington police are questioning a man who was detained near the scene of a stabbing that happened today near the 700 block of West Apache Street.
The unidentified man was contacted at about 3:12 p.m. in connection with the incident, which police spokesperson Georgette Allen said appears to have involved three males and happened by a creek.
“One male was transported to the ER with what appears to be stab wound behind his ear,” Allen said via email.
Police did not have any information about how serious the injured man's wound was.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.575354
Retrieved Text: Owen Prinfy, veteran burglar, using the name of Murphy, was arrested for attempting to enter a Long Island home this fall. Because he said it was his first offense, the judge was willing to put him on parole.
Then Louis Stock revealed the man's true identity as Owen Prinfy, old offender; and Prinfy, instead of getting a job, was given five years in Sing Sing.
1. "Identified by Finger Prints, Robber Forfeits Parole", Finger Print and Identification Magazine, Vol. 7, No. 8, February 1926, page 8.
Are you looking for PRINFY ancestors? If so, we suggest posting a query to our Community Message Board to get assistance from other researchers.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.535046
Retrieved Text: Things that might also happen to you | A man's gotta do what a man's gotta do - have a blog!
You are currently browsing the category archive for the ‘Things that might also happen to you’ category.
It was on a Sunday afternoon. It happened unexpectedly, was pretty rough, but didn’t hurt as badly as I was originally thinking it would.
I’ve had my first (very minor) accident with my road bike.
A boy, maybe 8 years old or so, was day-dreaming on the cycle path and, even though I kept as much to the right as possible, he very slightly bumped into me. Or rather barely touched me, as I steered into the gravel on the side to avoid a head-on collision.
I fell, the boy didn’t. Nothing bad happened though. Chain came off. Some blood on one of my fingers. That’s all. I wasn’t really upset or mad at all. In fact, I even apologized (though I had already slowed down considerably and it really wasn’t my fault). But the boy’s father insisted that it was the boy’s fault and that he should look where he’s cycling. I think the father was even a bit suprised that I didn’t get upset, but I didn’t feel like it.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.459326
Retrieved Text: LOOK WHAT HAPPENED TO MY FINGER!!!!!
So, uh, be warned. Buy the cheap one. It won't stain your finger.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.415932
Retrieved Text: Update: Some instances of so-called "Facilitated Communication" have been scientifically debunked. Here are some media reports on those debunkings. Particularly damning is this one detailing the results of a double-blind test in which not one of 180 FC tests yielded the proper response.
By now, you'd have to be in a coma not to have heard the account of the Belgian man who was diagnosed as being "brain dead" for 23 years, but was recently found by doctors to have normal brain function and who further claims that he had been conscious through the entire period. He's now communicating via a special keyboard and thus is able to finally share his heartbreaking story with the world.
I saw a televised report of this story this morning on a national news show, and what I saw was a "facilitator" using the man's finger to type on a keyboard. I was puzzled about a minor detail: how does she know what he wants to type? The "facilitator" is said to be specially trained to detect - and interpret - faint movements by the subject, and translate them into coherent communications. This is a wonderful skill to possess...if indeed it actually exists.
James Randi thinks it's a "cruel farce," and lays out his impassioned case against "Facilitated Communication," of which, he says, this is simply the most recent example.
I sincerely hope Randi is wrong about this, for the sake of the man's family at the very least. And I'm torn between wanting to believe that this man's new-found communication ability is real

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.15654
Retrieved Text: SEMICHAOTIC : The First Time I Remember Shaking Hands.
There's not much to say about his one except that I like the smallness of the story - how it basically revolves around a handshake.
As usual I change people's names when possible but in this instance I have no idea what the man's name was and my dad doesn't even remember this taking place.
It's interesting what events get written into memory and which get lost forever. People who experience the same events can often have radically different reactions to them.
I was influenced by Hitchcock for the telling of this one. I remember hearing that he shot Psycho in black and white so that the blood wouldn't be some impactful on the censors or distracting to the audience so I chose to the finger grinding sequence in a sepia tone to slightly diminish the goriness of those panels.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.123909
Retrieved Text: "It's an audio guide, sweetheart, not a remote."
art, art museum, art museums, art gallery, art galleries, art exhibit, art exhibits, art exhibition, art exhibitions, artist, artists, painting, paintings, painter, painters, tour, tours, audio guide, audio guides, remote, remotes, remote control, remote controls, controller, controllers, clicker, clickers, technology, electronics, modern life, kid, kids, child, children, parent, parents, parenting, parenthood, mom, moms, mum, mums, mother, mothers, motherhood, family, families, confused, mistake, mistakes, television, televisions, watching television, tv, tvs, watching tv, t.v., t.v.s, watching t.v.
"He's a pointer...and a clicker."
Hank had been asleep for hours, but amazingly his clicker finger kept going.
TV Remote undoes a man's trousers.
"When you are done exercising your finger, the cat would like to talk to you!"

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.096823
Retrieved Text: Zombies are coming! Last Saturday in Miami, 31-year-old Rudy Eugene was shot to death by police after he refused to stop eating a homeless man's face. According to reports, Rudy was naked and high on LSD (or "bath salts") apparently had the munchies attacked 65-year-old Ronald Poppo, who was half-naked, on a bike path along a busy street. Rudy ate "80 percent" of the man's face -- including his eyeballs, cheeks and nose. The victim was taken to Jackson Memorial Hospital where he remains in critical condition. There's huge chunk (sorry) of this story that's missing, but guess we'll never really know. We won't get get into it (HUD!). Anywho, we've seen the graphic photos of what used to be this man's face (it's a photo that can't be unseen) and if he survives -- which is a long shot -- he's going to need many reconstructive surgeries and a face transplant. PS: Say no to drugs!!!
UPDATE: Here's video of what happened before the face eating. It appears it was a random attack. Friday night Rudy was acting strangely at his girlfriend's home then he drove to South Beach to check out the Urban Beach Week activities. He abandons his car then walks to the foot bridge where he encounters the 65-year-old victim. In the surveillance video, Rudy punches Ronald several times and drags him feet first down on the pavement. Ronald doesn't seem to fight back. Then we presume Rudy began to consume the man's face. After 15 minutes the police officer arrives and shoots

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.011292
Retrieved Text: Browse our unique selection of musical finger puppets and composer dolls by the Unemployed Philosophers and Alfred's Music for Little Mozarts designed to encourage an early love and appreciation of music for your children.
Bach, Mozart and Beethoven Little Thinkers are musical and play their famous compositions — including "Joy of Man's Desiring" "Eine Kleine Nachtmusik" and "Moonlight sonata."
These colorful and friendly musical toy dolls and finger puppets are designed to be an inviting introduction to the world of music while other Items in our Dolls and Plush Animals Department feature familiar childhood figures like Elmo, Mother Goose and others who sing sleepy time songs, the ABCs and other popular tunes like "Here Comes Peter Cottontail" and "B-I-N-G-O" that play in our Jack-in-the-boxes.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.928192
Retrieved Text: It was a heart-stopping race to save a 2-year-old girl who was spotted dangling from a balcony. Good Samaritans rushed to the girl's aid after she was trapped on a window canopy of a residential building's third floor. Strangers who witnessed what happened didn't waste any time. One man grabbed another man's legs and feet, forming a human chain, and they were able to grab the girl and pull her to safety.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.882954
Retrieved Text: Go inside the Maine State Prison to hear the harrowing story of one man's time in solitary and what happened when he got out.
Cassandra Herrman is an Emmy-nominated filmmaker whose work has broadcast on PBS, MSNBC, and Al Jazeera, and screened at numerous film festivals, including SXSW and Sundance. Lauren Mucciolo has made films for PBS Frontline and the BBC since 2011. She has received News & Documentary Emmy nominations and RFK Journalism Awards.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.779291
Retrieved Text: Some on the internet are saying Coach Izzo for Michigan State went too far during a recent NCAA Basketball game. As you can see below, players had to get between their coach and their teammate Aaron Henry.
During a timeout, Izzo went straight of Henry and it carried over to the team's huddle on the sideline.
The coach is seen in the face of his player and at one point is even seen putting his finger in the young man's face.
Now, some are suggesting that Izzo went too far here and that he may have violated the player's space. Seriously, some are saying that.
Watch the video below and tell us what you think. Chances are if you played sports, this is nothing new to you. Then again, we are living in 2019 and everyone seems to be a little sensitive these days.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.768063
Retrieved Text: A 6.0mm palladium man's wedding ring. A very simple but stylish design The concave outer surface has a textured finish which contrasts with the polished bevelled edges and smooth courted interior. All our wedding rings are hand crafted in the United Kingdom and can be custom made to your finger size. Most of our designs are available in a full range of precious metals including Platinum, Palladium, 18ct white gold, 18ct yellow gold and 18ct pink gold.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.7452
Retrieved Text: Viggo Mortensen stars in this astonishingly beautiful and gripping western about man's desperate search for his daughter in the violent wilderness of 19th century Patagonia. JAUJA begins in a remote outpost in Patagonia. Captain Gunnar Dinesen has come from abroad with his fifteen year-old daughter. She falls in love with a young soldier, and one night they run away together. When Dinesen realizes… what has happened, he decides to venture into enemy territory to find the young couple.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.738016
Retrieved Text: A man's been left critically injured after he was attacked in Moston.
Police were called to Hilllier Street North after a number of reports about people fighting in the street.
Paramedics treated a 41-year-old for a serious head injury and is now in hospital with a bleed on the brain and multiple injuries to his face.
A 20-year-old man's been arrested on suspicion of assault.
Chief Inspector Gareth Parkin from GMP’s North Manchester division said: "I understand people in the area will be extremely concerned when they hear news of this disturbance and we have extra police officers on patrol to try and provide some reassurance.
"A man has been left critically injured in hospital and we are carrying out a full investigation to establish exactly what has happened here and why.
"We are continuing to question a man in connection with this incident and are appealing for any witnesses or anyone with information that can assist us with our enquiries, to contact police."

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.668571
Retrieved Text: Photo: Quit smoking with lasers?
A smoking cessation center in Wuhan, China, is using laser beams to treat smokers' physiologic dependency on nicotine. On Nov. 3, 2005, a doctor uses a laser in an acupuncture procedure on a man's finger. Does the technique, which does not break the skin, help break a person's tobacco addiction? Good question.
A smoking cessation center in Wuhan, China, is using laser beams to treat smokers' physiologic dependency on nicotine. On Nov.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.644547
Retrieved Text: Patty McGee, the grandmother to one of the missing campers, sets out to find out what happened to her grandson, thinking his father might have kidnapped him. However, soon she realizes she is up against a force way more powerful than that. It's a battle even she can't win.
From the Queen of Scream comes a scary, yet humorous tale of man's battle against nature. In One Fell Swoop is a compelling and clever story, as only Willow Rose can deliver.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.627663
Retrieved Text: The spacing between horizontal wires of 358 security mesh is smaller than a man's finger.
358HS-01: Finger-proof anti-climbing 358 mesh.
Are you looking for an high security perimeter fencing for your property? 358 high security fence is the right solution. The mesh aperture of 76.2 mm × 12.7 mm fabricated by 4 mm diameter steel wire makes it extremely hard to cut by conventional hand tools. This finger-proof aperture ensures superior anti-climbing while maintaining a clear lever of sight through the horizontal aperture. Available in GAW (Galvanized After Welding) and vinyl-coated in black, green or custom color.
Item: 358 high security fence.
Spacing cross wire: 0.5 in. (12.7 mm).
Spacing vertical wire: 3 in. (76.2 mm).
Applications: prison security, airports, electric substations, railway stabling yards, etc.
Maximum security for perimeter fencing.
4 mm diameter steel wire hard to cut with common hand tools.
Finger-proof mesh aperture ensuring anti-climb.
Maintain a clear sight through horizontal aperture.
Galvanized after welding for best rust resistance.
358 security perimeter fence around residential area for protection from thefts.
358HS-02: 2500 mm high 358 security fence.
Black vinyl-coated 358 high security fence resist any climbing.
358HS-03: 358 railway security fence combined with top concertina wire.
358 security fence suitable for long boundary barriers.
358HS-04: 358 security mesh suitable for any terrain.

================



======= Instance Index 39 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Well, the salad's almost ready. How's the beef going? I'm starving.

M: So am I. The beef looks just about ready. Just one minute ... ow!

W: What's the matter?

M: Oh, my finger, I burned my finger!

W: Oh, wait, I'll get some ice and put it on your finger.

M: OK.

W: There.

M: Ah, ah, much better. The ice really works.

W: How does it feel?

M: Oh, I feel good. Thanks. Let's eat.

Question: What was put on the man's finger? 

- The ice.

- The bandage.

- The cream.

Target Text: The ice.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 24.356104
Retrieved Text: Owen Prinfy, veteran burglar, using the name of Murphy, was arrested for attempting to enter a Long Island home this fall. Because he said it was his first offense, the judge was willing to put him on parole.
Then Louis Stock revealed the man's true identity as Owen Prinfy, old offender; and Prinfy, instead of getting a job, was given five years in Sing Sing.
1. "Identified by Finger Prints, Robber Forfeits Parole", Finger Print and Identification Magazine, Vol. 7, No. 8, February 1926, page 8.
Are you looking for PRINFY ancestors? If so, we suggest posting a query to our Community Message Board to get assistance from other researchers.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.040667
Retrieved Text: Leo and Rebecca Buzz Question...My man's SISTER comes over to see our 4 month old baby and SHE PUTS HER FINGER IN HIS MOUTH to soothe him as a pacifier!! I was shocked when I saw her do this and was like WHOA! After she left I told my man I'm not having that..and he said it's no big deal..she was just trying to comfort the baby. I FEEL LIKE I NEED TO CALL HER OUT IF IT HAPPENS AGAIN...what do you think? Gross!!!!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.798187
Retrieved Text: 15He went to work for a man in that country, and the man sent him out to take care of his pigs.15.15 pigs: The Jewish religion taught that pigs were not fit to eat or even to touch. A Jewish man would have felt terribly insulted if he had to feed pigs, much less eat with them. 16He would have been glad to eat what the pigs were eating,15.16 what the pigs were eating: The Greek text has “(bean) pods”, which came from a tree in Palestine. These were used to feed animals. Poor people sometimes ate them too. but no one gave him a thing.
22But his father said to the servants, “Hurry and bring the best clothes and put them on him. Give him a ring for his finger and sandals15.22 ring…sandals: These show that the young man's father fully accepted him as his son. A ring was a sign of high position in the family. Sandals showed that he was a son instead of a slave, since slaves did not usually wear sandals. for his feet. 23Get the best calf and prepare it, so we can eat and celebrate. 24This son of mine was dead, but has now come back to life. He was lost and has now been found.” And they began to celebrate.
27The servant answered, “Your brother has come home safe and sound, and your father ordered us to kill the best calf.” 28The elder brother got so angry that he would not even go into the house.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.786686
Retrieved Text: Update: Some instances of so-called "Facilitated Communication" have been scientifically debunked. Here are some media reports on those debunkings. Particularly damning is this one detailing the results of a double-blind test in which not one of 180 FC tests yielded the proper response.
By now, you'd have to be in a coma not to have heard the account of the Belgian man who was diagnosed as being "brain dead" for 23 years, but was recently found by doctors to have normal brain function and who further claims that he had been conscious through the entire period. He's now communicating via a special keyboard and thus is able to finally share his heartbreaking story with the world.
I saw a televised report of this story this morning on a national news show, and what I saw was a "facilitator" using the man's finger to type on a keyboard. I was puzzled about a minor detail: how does she know what he wants to type? The "facilitator" is said to be specially trained to detect - and interpret - faint movements by the subject, and translate them into coherent communications. This is a wonderful skill to possess...if indeed it actually exists.
James Randi thinks it's a "cruel farce," and lays out his impassioned case against "Facilitated Communication," of which, he says, this is simply the most recent example.
I sincerely hope Randi is wrong about this, for the sake of the man's family at the very least. And I'm torn between wanting to believe that this man's new-found communication ability is real

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.431534
Retrieved Text: "It's like you've asked me when I was five what the future would look like."
Sean Murray, managing director of No Man's Sky developer Hello Games, has said the studio's upcoming sandbox space game is ideal for virtual reality.
"I think it's perfect fit for virtual reality," he said in a new interview with GameSpot.
When presented with the idea that No Man's Sky could be the game that sells PlayStation VR to PS4 owners, Murray said the ability to fully immerse yourself in galactic exploration was a childhood dream.
"I think that No Man's Sky, which is this infinite computer generated universe, and PlayStation VR, which is a headset that you put on and enter a VR space is like, it's like you've asked me when I was five what the future would look like."
Despite his enthusiasm for a VR version No Man's Sky, Murray stopped just short of announcing the game for Sony's headset.
"That's as far as I can comment," he said.
Murray expressed similar sentiments in July, 2015: "It's something we're thinking about," he said at the time. "Morpheus, Oculus... There's nothing more cool and sci-fi than VR and a big procedural universe.
"I think that, for the people who want to just explore, and even for the space combat and things like that, it would be a good fit. Let's put it that way."
Hello Games has confirmed the No Man's Sky release date as June 21 across North America. The UK launch date, meanwhile, is set for June 24. The game will be available on PlayStation 4 and

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.212133
Retrieved Text: SEMICHAOTIC : The First Time I Remember Shaking Hands.
There's not much to say about his one except that I like the smallness of the story - how it basically revolves around a handshake.
As usual I change people's names when possible but in this instance I have no idea what the man's name was and my dad doesn't even remember this taking place.
It's interesting what events get written into memory and which get lost forever. People who experience the same events can often have radically different reactions to them.
I was influenced by Hitchcock for the telling of this one. I remember hearing that he shot Psycho in black and white so that the blood wouldn't be some impactful on the censors or distracting to the audience so I chose to the finger grinding sequence in a sepia tone to slightly diminish the goriness of those panels.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.914623
Retrieved Text: I worked at S. H. Inn as a night auditor and witnessed enough that I eventually quit. What was the caretakers house and is now used as the front desk. (Just so you know a man was murdered in the house in the 1970s). I was entering data into a computer and I had what felt like a finger run up the length of my leg, doors in the upstairs were always open when I went to work, and when dropping the night drop in the safe upstairs they would all be closed.
if someone threw it, it almost hit me as I walked by. That happened at least 3 times a week.
There were 7-up soda bottles lined up on the floor and I watched one night as one at a time they were pushed over (there were 4 2 liter bottles. ) One night I was reading a book and I heard this blood curdling man's scream but could not tell from where in the house it came from, searched the house and there was nothing.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.605278
Retrieved Text: This piece was actually given to me by a very close friend of mine, whose not into magic or the occult at all. In fact, we are so opposite sometimes I wonder why we are such good friends, but he keeps me ground sometimes and I like that. Sometimes I tend to way too, "out there." I think this is why we match so well, because we meet somewhere in the middle and have a good time. All's well that ends well, right?
Anyhow, this isn't about my friendship with people, it is about the item that I have available. It came from my friend who works full-time and studies part time. He goes to night school at a local college in our area, whose campus happens to include a very old building, which I told him before had the potential to be haunted. It leaks a very strange energy that I've never been able to put my finger on. Then again, I've never been inside the building either. As you all know there are souls that roam the earth on a daily basis. For whatever reason they have neglected to move on. Then, there are souls that exist here in our realm for the simple fact that they don't want to be manifested into physical form for whatever reason. And although I couldn't put my finger on the entity that clearly was roving the grounds of the night school my friend went to, I never expected it to be what it turned out to be.
Per my

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.589684
Retrieved Text: As much as you love Fluffy, his constant need to claw your living room sofa isn’t exactly desirable. After furnishing your home with numerous scratching posts and still no improvement, you may be asking yourself, “what now?” As a very last resort, it may be time to consider declawing surgery. A choice not without controversy, the procedure should only be done after careful consideration with all of the facts.
One meaning of the alliterative phrase The Fickle Finger of Fate is defined as "A series of very unlucky or unfortunate events." I must admit that increasingly my own image of The Fickle Finger is part of the current regime’s giant government hand displaying an obscene gesture at an over-taxed public still desperately looking for a job after six years of empty promises and demeaning programs to placate victims on their way down the road of life-long dependency.
Stephen Morris, a former resident of Cave Creek (and a former editor of Sonoran News 1995) has published his second book with Amazon. Titled “Methuselah’s Memoirs” the book is a fictional account of a family that lived in the times just before the great flood predicted by Noah.
FORT WORTH, Texas – One man's trash is another man's treasure, but have you ever thought that it could also be someone's music? If you've ever seen a Vocal Trash performance you know this to be true. Using clever one-of-a-kind upcycled instruments, their music-with-a-message inspires audiences to step-up their recycling efforts. Vocal Trash's lead singer, Kelsey Rae, has taken this a step further in

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.418821
Retrieved Text: An aging hypochondriac has the strange notion that he is dead. His delusion, in fact, becomes such a problem that his family finally pays for him to see a psychiatrist.
The psychiatrist spends many sessions trying to convince the man he is still alive, but nothing seems to work. Finally, the doctor tries one last approach. He takes out his medical books and proceeds to show the patient that dead men don't bleed. After hours of tedious work, the doctor asks him, "Do you now agree that dead men don't bleed?"
"Yes, I believe I do," the man replies.
"Very well, then," the doctor says. He takes out a pin and pricks the man's finger. Out comes a bead of blood.
"What does that tell you?" the doctor asks.
"Oh, my goodness!" the man exclaims, staring at his finger. "Dead men do bleed."

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.848192
Retrieved Text: Yellow and white poster with multicolor lettering. Title in upper left corner. Poster announces an AIDS benefit performance, including date, time, location, and performers. Visual image is an illustration of a man in a black undershirt and what appears to be a man wearing women's clothes. The man in the black shirt inserts his condom-covered finger into the mouth of the other man and kisses the other man's condom-covered nose. Publisher information in lower left corner. Note in lower right corner states that prevention is better than anxiety.
1 photomechanical print (poster) : 37 x 54 cm.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.821892
Retrieved Text: Our all natural shave soap comes in three scents and fragrance free, for sensitive skin types. These long lasting soaps work up a thick, frothy lather for optimal application with your favorite shave brush, or your finger tips. Our shave soap is free of any man made chemicals that dry and irritate the skin upon micro abrasion that can occur while shaving. Great for the man's face or legs for the ladies. Myrr & Musk is a smooth aromatic blend of cedar wood, orange essential oils, clove and a hint of cinnamon. NetWt 2.5oz. Brushes and accessories not included.
I first saw this shave soap at the Columbus Circle Holiday market and gave it a try, and just bought it again on Etsy. It has a good rich lather and a very pleasant aroma. I take it out of the plastic container it arrives in and put in my wooden soap bowl, that makes it easier to work up a lather. I've been wet shaving for about 5 years and have tried many soaps, this is a good one!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.798058
Retrieved Text: Indian Vanity Case: Fun Nail Trend: Match Your Nails With Your Man's T-Shirt!
Fun Nail Trend: Match Your Nails With Your Man's T-Shirt!
First of all, it was a coincidence. The man's t-shirt matched my nail polish one day. I got so excited! I wanted it to happen again.... I'll make it happen again!
Some feminists would be like, "Why? Why should we match our nails to what a man is wearing now?!"
Uhm, because it's fun! And because it'll be the other way around. We (demand) suggest he wears a t-shirt that matches our nail polish.
I think it's cute. A subtler PDA.
For all you patient nail art experts, you can even copy the graphics, and put those numbers and words and hyphens and whatnot.
You ladies with me on this trend?
yup am in !!! this is so much fun !
YES it is! :D Same pinch!
aww..happened with me too number of times..

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.767199
Retrieved Text: A death penalty case in Ohio makes a mockery of capital punishment and places the Republican governor in direct rebellion against the clear commandment of Almighty God.
Twenty years ago, Ronald Phillips committed a horrific and unimaginable crime for which he was sentenced to death. He is forty years old now, and has spent half of his life behind bars. Now, Gov. John Kasich has delayed this evil man's long-overdue execution to see if the condemned man can donate a kidney to his mother.
The fact that this man is literally twice as old now as he was when he committed crimes worthy of death shows that the death penalty is a complete joke. The death penalty is meaningless when it is applied in such a manner. This man should have been put to death by the civil magistrate many years ago.
Almighty God makes it very clear in Scripture what He things of child murder and what He expects to happen to child murderers. God warns the nation of Israel in Leviticus 20:1-5 that those who sacrifice their children to the demon Molech are to be put to death, and that He will set His face against the Israelites if they do not execute those who commit this abomination. God further says in Jeremiah 7:31 and Jeremiah 32:35 that this crime is so horrible that it never even entered into His mind that men would do this.
It is good that Gov. Kasich has compassion on the condemned man's mother. But as my high school principal would say, "it

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.665413
Retrieved Text: The Genealogue: Is That a Pinky Ring or a Wart?
Is That a Pinky Ring or a Wart?
Missouri farmer Greg Ellison thinks he's found a picture of George Dixon, captain of the Hunley.
The man looks to him like the facial reconstruction of Dixon made from his skull, and he is wearing a Civil War-era naval uniform.
And, most significant of all, Ellison says he's wearing a pinky ring much like the diamond-studded ring found in Dixon's pocket on the Hunley.
Ellison sent a scan of the photograph to the Hunley lab for verification. They concluded that it was not Dixon, and that the object on the man's pinky was not a ring but a wart. Ellison insists that "they looked at the wrong finger."

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.626362
Retrieved Text: 1. In anatomy, the fore arm; the ulna, and bone of the arm from the elbow to the wrist.
2. In mensuration, the length of a mans arm from the elbow to the extremity of the middle finger. The cubit among the ancients was of a different length among different nations. Dr. Arbuthnot states the Roman cubit at seventeen inches and four tenths; the cubit of the scriptures at a little less than 22 inches; and the English cubit at 18 inches.
In anatomy, the fore arm; the ulna, a bone of the arm from the elbow to the wrist. – Coxe. Encyc.
In mensuration, the length of a man's arm from the elbow to the extremity of the middle finger. The cubit among the ancients was of a different length among different nations. Dr. Arbuthnot states the Roman cubit at seventeen inches and four tenths; the cubit of the Scriptures at a little less than 22 inches; and the English cubit at 18 inches. – Encyc.
The forearm; the ulna, a bone of the arm extending from elbow to wrist.
A measure of length, being the distance from the elbow to the extremity of the middle finger.
* The cubit varies in length in different countries, the Roman cubit being 17,47 inches, the Greek 18,20, the Hebrew somewhat longer, and the English 18 inches.
ASSEM'BLED, pp. collected into a body; congregated.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.424576
Retrieved Text: A police report indicates that a man from Tennessee drew a gun on another man in Bowling Green, Kentucky who was wearing a Make America Great Again (MAGA) hat in a local Sam's Club, put the gun in the man's face and declared, "It's a good day for you to die."
James Phillips, 57, of Cottontown, Tenn., is accused of pulling a gun on the man inside the store Saturday after making an obscene gesture with his finger, according to his arrest citation.
Phillips, who was wearing a veterans cap, told police he made the gesture at the man and a woman with him because of the MAGA hats they were wearing, according to his citation. The man then confronted Phillips inside the store and an argument began.
That man then made the same obscene gesture to Phillips, according to the citation. At that point, witnesses told police Phillips pointed a gun at the man. That portion of the incident could not be seen on video surveillance.
Police encountered Phillips and the couple after being called to the Sam’s Club parking lot where multiple witnesses had called the police to report a man pulling a gun on a couple, according to his citation.
Just gonna take a stab at it, but seems that since the hat is associated with President Donald Trump, that Phillips is more than likely a Democrat.
Phillips was apparently lawfully carrying a Glock .40, but then unlawfully brandished it and issued threats.
Police confirm that Pierce did not touch Phillips as they reviewed surveillance video.
While witnesses confirm Pierce's account

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.42035
Retrieved Text: Piedmont Finger Picking Guitar South Carolina Rag (Willie Walker).
It was widely accepted that Reverend Gary Davis was one of the very best blues guitar pickers around, even though one of his students, Blind Boy Fuller, made more records and a lot more money. But where did Gary Davis get his skills? Most blues guitar players have a kind of natural aptitude that comes up when they are very young, and they either borrow a simple guitar or they make their own out of a cigar box.
However, you can only go so far this way - even innate brilliance needs encouragement and direction. It was said that by the time he was 33, he was 'scared of no guitar player!' He did have a lot of respect for certain players though - Broonzy ('nobody could swing it like Bill'), Blind Blake ('he was sportin' guitar player') and most of all Blind Willie Walker.
Unlike Davis and Fuller, Walker was blind from birth, which might partly explain his almost supernatural skill on the guitar. It's not certain exactly when, but Davis had contact with Walker who must have had a big influence on his playing - he learned songs like Make Believe Stunt and Cincinatti Slow Drag from him.
Tragically for us, Walker was a very obscure person, probably making a living in his local area playing for parties and other events. he only cut two sides - Dupree Blues, and old standard story telling blues song in the style of Frankie and Johnny, and South Carolina Rag.
Dupree Blues was

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.273285
Retrieved Text: Close up view of golden bracelet and earrings with diamonds in jewelry box. Beautiful luxurious jewelery in gift box with black cloth.
Close up video of bracelet and earrings in jewelry box. Luxury jewelery in gift box with black cloth.
3D-animation with the image of the gold vault.
Background animation loop of rotating 24 karat yellow golden cubes.
Animation of Golden Ring Rotation with Diamonds on two backgrounds. Seamless Looping HD Video Clip. Alpha Channel is Included.
Abstract animation of falling and rotation of large and small diamonds in slow motion on a black background. 3d animation.
Close up of jewelry on display.
Fancy jewelry on a woman's wrist.
Business man wearing a nice dress shirt and bracelet.
A beautiful ring on a woman's finger.
Close up of a fancy ring on a woman's finger.
Close up of a man's expensive bracelet.
Close up of a large diamond necklace.
Close up of a beautiful ring on a woman's finger.
Close-up view of the diamond necklace against the red background. Moving camera view.
Closeup 4k shot of beautiful expensive and luxury jewel. Ring of the jewelry with dark blue sapphire and dimonds on the black background.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.265535
Retrieved Text: A lot of people have been talking about No Man's Sky today, and, no, not because of the already ongoing controversy regarding the game not living up to what was advertised and promised. It's because of some explosive tweets and e-mails sent out that have people thinking the devs got hacked.
According to Kotaku, at 8:48 a.m. EST, a tweet went out by the official Hello Games Twitter account saying that "No Man's Sky was a mistake".
Kotaku followed up by e-mailing Hello Games, hoping to reach studio head Sean Murray. They received a response around 9:30 a.m. where they were told that the tweet was posted by a "disgruntled employee" but the e-mail they sent out was official.
Kotaku points to other outlets who were also told in the early morning that the tweet was from a disgruntled employee. Kotaku and others began doubting that it was actually Sean Murray sending out the e-mails.
Kotaku, however, noted that the "official" e-mail that they were referred to regarding No Man's Sky was never received. So they requested this "official" e-mail and at 9:53 a.m. a message was sent to Kotaku that started by saying that "No Man's was a mistake".
The e-mail goes on to say that Hello Games has acted in an unprofessional manner when it came to communication and that the reason No Man's Sky turned out the way it did was because it was rushed out the door by Sony and harassing gamers. The e-mail ends by saying they want to improve the game and that they're a

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.235382
Retrieved Text: Photo: Quit smoking with lasers?
A smoking cessation center in Wuhan, China, is using laser beams to treat smokers' physiologic dependency on nicotine. On Nov. 3, 2005, a doctor uses a laser in an acupuncture procedure on a man's finger. Does the technique, which does not break the skin, help break a person's tobacco addiction? Good question.
A smoking cessation center in Wuhan, China, is using laser beams to treat smokers' physiologic dependency on nicotine. On Nov.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.196785
Retrieved Text: Some on the internet are saying Coach Izzo for Michigan State went too far during a recent NCAA Basketball game. As you can see below, players had to get between their coach and their teammate Aaron Henry.
During a timeout, Izzo went straight of Henry and it carried over to the team's huddle on the sideline.
The coach is seen in the face of his player and at one point is even seen putting his finger in the young man's face.
Now, some are suggesting that Izzo went too far here and that he may have violated the player's space. Seriously, some are saying that.
Watch the video below and tell us what you think. Chances are if you played sports, this is nothing new to you. Then again, we are living in 2019 and everyone seems to be a little sensitive these days.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.185753
Retrieved Text: The best thing a parent can do for a child is to love his or her spouse.
Women marry men hoping that the man will change. Men marry women hoping the woman will not change. Inevitably, they both end up disappointed.
A man in love is incomplete until he is married. Then he's finished.
Love may be blind but marriage is a real eye opener.
Marriage should be for love; marrying a woman simply because she is cute is like buying something useless at the market just because it's beautiful.
If you fight like a married couple, talk like best friends, flirt like first love, protect each other like siblings, it's meant to be.
The only thing I want to change about you is that ringless finger on your left hand.
If your significant other is mad at you put a cape on them and say “Now you're super mad!”. If they laugh, marry them.
A sure sign of a man's strength is how gently he loves his wife.
You don't marry someone you can live with – you marry the person you cannot live without.
This day I will marry my friend, the one I laugh with, live for, dream with and love.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.949465
Retrieved Text: Tubular purple flowers appearing on tall unbranched stalked spikes. Flowers sometimes white and oftentimes speckled dark purple.
A capsule containing many tiny seeds, 15mm long.
Simple, toothed, ovoid, leaves with serrated margins. The basal leaves which form in the first year are large with long stalks. The older stem leaves are smaller and shorter stalked. The stem leaves alternate along the (usually) single main upright stem. All of the leaves have prominent veins and pointed tips. All leaves are covered in soft downy hairs, often giving them a fluffy or woolly appearance.
Poisonous, even in small doses. Inducing may include symptoms such as skin irritation, nausea, headaches, diarrhoea and heart, kidney and visual problems. Most toxic immediately prior to the seeds opening.
Bloody Bells, Bloody Finger, Common Foxglove, Cow Flop, Dead Man's Bells, Dog's Lugs, Dragon's Mouth, Fairy Cap, Fairy Fingers, Fairy Gloves, Fairy Thimbles, Fairy's Petticoat, Finger Flower, Flap Dock, Folk's Gloves, Fox Finger, Gloves of Mary, Lady's Fingers, Lady's Gloves, Lion's Mouth, Lustmore, Pop Duck, Throatroot, Witches' Bells, Witches' Fingers, Witches' Glove, Witches' Thimbles.
Farmland, gardens, grassland, heathland, hedgerows, moorland, rocks, woodland.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.926794
Retrieved Text: "It's an audio guide, sweetheart, not a remote."
art, art museum, art museums, art gallery, art galleries, art exhibit, art exhibits, art exhibition, art exhibitions, artist, artists, painting, paintings, painter, painters, tour, tours, audio guide, audio guides, remote, remotes, remote control, remote controls, controller, controllers, clicker, clickers, technology, electronics, modern life, kid, kids, child, children, parent, parents, parenting, parenthood, mom, moms, mum, mums, mother, mothers, motherhood, family, families, confused, mistake, mistakes, television, televisions, watching television, tv, tvs, watching tv, t.v., t.v.s, watching t.v.
"He's a pointer...and a clicker."
Hank had been asleep for hours, but amazingly his clicker finger kept going.
TV Remote undoes a man's trousers.
"When you are done exercising your finger, the cat would like to talk to you!"

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.840958
Retrieved Text: This is an old De Vries saxhorn/euphonium from a customer in Arizona. This was a challenge to work on as the metal was quite thin and worn. It turned out beautiful and the owner loves to sit on his porch and serenade the neighborhood!
Here is a marching baritone bugle with two valves. It had been well used in drum corps during the owner's youth. As he was now returning to playing in an adult corps, he wanted his horn in top condition. Steve spent quite a bit of time removing all the dents and scratches. We put a durable bright silver plate finish on this, it should really stand out on the field!
This Conn Double Bell Euphonium came into us after several years of sitting. This horn had been in the customer's family for generations and they felt it was ready to be restored to it's former glory. We completely redid this beauty into a satin-silver finish with bright silver highlights and gold plated bell interiors. The serial number dates this as manufactured in 1928! (Don't we all hope we look this good at 75 years old!) The valves were rebuilt, the horn was completele dismantled down to the smallest piece. Broken or cracked parts were ground, silver braised and dressed. The mouthpipe was replaced with a custom fabricated mouthpipe and all of the polishing, masking and texturizing was performed in-house.
Check out the details in the above picture! It really did take as much work as it looks!
One of our customers was involved in a construction

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.798626
Retrieved Text: Browse our unique selection of musical finger puppets and composer dolls by the Unemployed Philosophers and Alfred's Music for Little Mozarts designed to encourage an early love and appreciation of music for your children.
Bach, Mozart and Beethoven Little Thinkers are musical and play their famous compositions — including "Joy of Man's Desiring" "Eine Kleine Nachtmusik" and "Moonlight sonata."
These colorful and friendly musical toy dolls and finger puppets are designed to be an inviting introduction to the world of music while other Items in our Dolls and Plush Animals Department feature familiar childhood figures like Elmo, Mother Goose and others who sing sleepy time songs, the ABCs and other popular tunes like "Here Comes Peter Cottontail" and "B-I-N-G-O" that play in our Jack-in-the-boxes.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.761139
Retrieved Text: My little ring bearer, Minxy, at my brother's wedding last weekend.
Lets hope the wind doesn't change!
The Elephant Man's daughter was all dressed up for a party.
Ok which smart arse put superglue on my hands?
Oh no I can't make my smile come back!
Look at me after only week back at school! What am I going to be like when I am older and have to work!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.760405
Retrieved Text: I say it over and over again. You have to be careful with what you post on Facebook and social media sites - even if there's no actual text involved. It's an act that has got a lot of people in a lot of trouble.
Here are two more to add to that list. Two men in South Carolina were arrested this month for posting threatening emojis on a third, unnamed man's Facebook wall. How is this even possible?
Emojis are more than just faces. There's food, weather, places, animals, cars and much more. But it was the combination below that resulted in the arrest of 29-year-old David Fuentes and 29-year-old Matthew Cowan.
Fist. Finger Pointing. Ambulance. These threatening emojis indicate, at least to law officials, that Fuentes and Cowan planned to beat up their victim so bad, that he would be sent away in an ambulance.
Now, this isn't the only indication that police had that Cowan and Fuentes were planning on beating up the victim. The duo had previously been named in an incident report in May, claiming they had tried to assault the victim at his home. The threatening emojis were the last straw, and the men are now facing up to five years in prison if they are convicted of stalking charges.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.7184
Retrieved Text: What are each of your fingers called?
Do you not remember what each of your fingers are called? Many times to name them we use their size (little finger, big finger), their position on the hand (middle finger) or their function (ring finger). If you want to know what the proper names for your fingers really are, you just have to read this article which is illustrated with photos.
At OneHowTo, we also explain meaning of some gestures which we make with our hands that you are sure to find interesting.
THUMB: It is the first digit on your hand. It is opposed to the other four fingers and can touch them perfectly. This digit can manipulate large objects by pushing against the palm of the hand, and medium or small objects with the help of one or more fingers.
INDEX FINGER: This is your second finger and lies between the thumb and middle fingers. It is the most expressive finger as it serves to point out things, to show something negative, to click the mouse and emphasize orders and instructions.
RING FINGER: This is the fourth finger and is located between the middle finger and the little finger. Its name comes from ancient Greece where it was believed that you had a vein that connected this finger directly to the heart, so lovers chose to put a ring on this finger as a token of love.
LITTLE FINGER: This is the fifth and smallest finger and it is located just outside the ring finger. It is the smallest of all your

================



======= Instance Index 40 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: This TV set is getting worse and worse. Now it doesn't work at all.

W: Here's an advertisement on the newspaper about a big TV sale. Usually a big sale like this would have some good bargains. What would you say?

Question: What does the woman suggest? 

- They have to bargain on the sale.

- The TV set is usually on sale.

- They go to buy a TV set at a bargain price.

Target Text: They go to buy a TV set at a bargain price.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.291344
Retrieved Text: Each group should choose a recorder who will read aloud the assigned section and record the group's responses to the questions outlined below.
1.	Have someone in the group read the poem aloud. As the poem is being read, note both the narrative of the poem and the language used to describe the woman getting dressed. What is the relationship between the speaker and the woman?
2.	Look at the words (adjectives, verbs, nouns) of the poem. What words stand out? How do these words relate to each other? What image of the woman do these words suggest?
3.	To whom is the poem addressed? What is the speaker's attitude towards the woman? How does the title contribute to the poem? How do the poem's form (such as the break between stanzas) and (perhaps more importantly) the speaker's rhetorical strategy shape our view of the woman?
4.	Given your responses to the previous questions, how would you characterize the poem's tone? Choose 3-5 words or phrases which best illustrate your answer to present your reading to the class.
1.	Have someone in the group read the poem aloud. As the poem is being read, note both the narrative of the poem and the language used to describe the London morning scene. What scenes are presented? Are there any similarities between the scenes? Differences?
2.	Look at the words (adjectives, verbs, nouns) of the poem. (Note: "Betty" was an all-purpose name for a maid; "Moll" was a lewd or promiscuous woman of a low social class, a harlot). What words stand out? How do these words relate to each

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.005594
Retrieved Text: 1. Who does the angel indicate the woman is?
2. What grounds is used by the angel to reveal this?
3. What is the most difficult phrase in the passage?
4. What does the textbook author suggest this means?
5. What are the most dangerous idols?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.82931
Retrieved Text: 1.What time is it now?
2.What does the woman think of the weather?
4.What is the woman’s opinion about the course?
5. What does the woman want the man to do ?
A. Speak louder. B. Apologize to her. C. Turn off the radio.
6. How long did Michael stay in China?
A. Five days. B. One week. C.Two weeks.
7. Where did Michael go last year?
A. Russia. B. Norway. C. India.
8.Whet food does Sally like?
9.What are the speakers going to do?
A.Cook dinner. B.Go shopping. C.Order dishes.
11.When is the report due ?
12.What does George suggest Stephanie do with the report?
14.What kind of apartment do the speakers prefer?
15.How much rent should one pay for the one-bedroom apartment?
16.Where is the apartment the speakers would like to see?
A.On Lake Street B.On Market C.On South Street.
17.What percentage of the world’s tea exports go to Britain?
18.Why do tea taster taste tea with milk?
A.Most British people drink tea that way.
B.Tea tastes much better with milk.
C.Tea with milk is healthy.
19.Who suggests a price for each tea?
20.What is the speaker talking about?
A.The life of tea tasters.
C.The London Tea Trade Centre.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.732801
Retrieved Text: 2. What are the two speakers mainly talking about?
A. What they do while traveling.
B. When they do their homework.
C. How they spend their spare time.
3. What is the probable relationship between the two speakers?
4. What happens to Mr Jordan?
A. He is ill. B. He is out of work. C. He is on holiday.
A. She wants to go on watching TV.
B. She wants the man to turn the TV off.
C. She does not mind what the man will do.
6. What is the conversation mainly about?
A. Ordering a radio. B. Having the radio fixed.
C. Looking for a radio repair shop.
7. What does the woman expect the man to do?
A. Repair her radio. B. Listen to her radio.
C. Buy a new radio for her.
8. What does the man prefer to do?
A. Watch games outside. B. Watch TV at home.
C. Play ball games with his friends.
9. What does the woman want the man to do?
A. Do some physical exercise.
B. Watch ball games on TV at home.
C. Play a football game with his friends.
10. What are the two speakers mainly talking about?
A. A chemistry test. B. William Carlos Williams.
11. What does the woman want the man to do?
A. To choose a topic for her report.
B. To help her do better in her report.
C. To prepare her report on the poet.
12. When will the two speakers probably meet?
A. At about 2:00 pm. B. At about 4:00 pm.
C. At about 7:00 pm.
A. At the party. B. At the library. C. At Professor Blake’s.
14. What is the probable relationship between the two speakers?
A. Fellow

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.331408
Retrieved Text: In House Opposite by R.K. Narayan we have the theme of judgement, discomfort, connection, pity, selfishness and kindness. Taken from his Under the Banyan Tree and Other Stories collection the story is narrated in the third person by an unnamed narrator and after reading the story the reader realises that Narayan may be exploring the theme of judgement. The hermit is continually judging the woman in the house opposite in a negative way. Basing his opinion of her on the amount of men who come to her home on a daily basis. Though the hermit can’t prove it he considers that the woman’s house is a house of ill-repute and as such she should not be allowed to live on the same street as him. This may be important as the hermit is not showing any charity to the woman though he himself is a religious man. If anything he is thinking only of his own discomfort rather than how desperate the woman herself may be living the lifestyle she is living. At no stage in the story does the hermit attempt to make a connection with the woman and to discover what her real story may be. If anything the hermit is working off assumptions when it comes to how he interprets the woman.
It is however interesting that the hermit does eventually pity the old woman when he thinks more about her life and sees her closer when she offers him some food. A charitable act that in many ways may upset the hermit as

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.263447
Retrieved Text: From bellies to babies, there is one simple rule that always seems to be ignored: Do Not Touch!
Does anyone else remember the song taught in elementary school and/or girl scouts along with Stranger Danger, “Stop! Don’t touch me there these are my No-No Squares?” Well I have news for you….a pregnant woman still has no-no squares. Do not touch her in her no-no square, her belly would be included in this said square.
I strongly suggest if you are a belly rubbing culprit, resist the urge, and DO NOT TOUCH PREGNANT WOMEN. Unless you helped created it, it is not yours to touch. This is for the safety of the mother and her unborn child, as well as your safety, she may know kung fu, but no really.
Why are they caressing your personal space and bubble?
When was the last time they were sick?
Did they wash their hands after using the bathroom last time?
Now everyone once and a while you will cross a pregnant woman who does not mind letting you touch her belly. I can only imagine this may be more rare than the Pygmy Three-Toed Sloth.
Meet a rare Pygmy Three-Toed Sloth. There are less than 100 of these little dudes around.
However it does not include open invitations to every single pregnant woman you will pass. Ask if you must, but a stomach is NOT yours to touch unless it is your own. Lets remember what you were taught as a young child “KEEP YOUR HANDS TO YOURSELF!” and really practice it shall we.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.158504
Retrieved Text: Many self-improvement books suggest that the most important element of success is a strong sense of Life Purpose. Or, they might suggest that you must follow your passion, or that you must, as Joseph Campbell so colorfully proclaimed, "follow your bliss". They go on to say that once you identify what your are passionate about you will know exactly what to do, have abundant energy to do it and that the universe will assist you on your path. That rings true. However, these same books offer little or no information on identifying one's passion, purpose, core desire... Many of us, then, are left wondering.
Finding your Life Purpose, Core Desires, Burning Passions, Guiding Values is perhaps one of the most difficult things to do yet it is the thing that enables you make a 'dent in the universe' to use Steve Jobs' famous phrase. Many great minds have produced superb one-liners on the subject but I'll close with a paraphrase of just one from Bob Dylan, "If a woman gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what she wants to, then she is a success.
This site helps you find your Life Purpose.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.110292
Retrieved Text: Finally, an outfit on the runway of a fashion show that I can actually believe a real woman would wear. All that is missing is the stains from her neapolitan ice cream and the dull blue light emanating from the television. I cannot see her feet, but I will give her the benefit of the doubt and assume she has some Uggs on.
I can even almost hear her complaining about how cold her legs are. I may not be a smart man, but I know not to suggest she put on pants or get a blanket. That is one of the situations where she does not actually want you to help her. She is an independent woman who doesn't need no man to tell her what to wear. She only wants to let you know her current body temp. Depending on context that could mean she is looking to fool around, though. It is a tricky situation, but it is safe to assume that a woman like that would not be interested in fooling around with my sort. I find it more plausible that such a statement would be aimed at getting me to lay across her legs like a dog. Who am I to disappoint?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.994103
Retrieved Text: Thai-LA.com: Why is it you think Thai woman are easy..?
Why is it you think Thai woman are easy..?
So here's few thought and some answers.
Q: What do you charge for find me a woman in Thailand?
A: Nothing, I find the mail-order-bride idea entirely disgusting.. no need to ask me about this.
Q: What is the cheapest way to get a Thai bride, I have heard about $1000?
A: I have no idea and suggest you instead take SEVERAL trips to Thailand if you want to meet a Thai woman, this will let you get to know her and also let her family get to know you. It is the very least you can do to show respect for a woman you are thinking about spending your life with.
Q: Is it right that Thai woman is the least likely to leave me?
A: Culturally Thai does not leave from a marriage. However the woman who are adventures enough to come here to the USA to be with a man of a different culture, can pretty much also be counted on to stand up for them selves (I sure hope so). If you are worried about a woman putting up with you, maybe you need to address this issue first before you look for a girlfriend or even a wife, if a local girl is not going to stick around, chances are a Thai woman won't either.
My best suggestion for getting to know a Thai woman in the USA, short of traveling to Thailand, is going to the local temple, look in

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.862137
Retrieved Text: The Lovers also includes Adam [Heb, adahm, which means “earth creature”] and the woman [Heb. ishshah, which simply means “woman” The name “Eve” does not appear until Genesis 4:1]. The artwork suggests that this is pre-Fall where they have a choice between eating of the Tree of the Knowledge of Good and Evil [which is right behind the woman with the serpent entwined around it] or not.
Waite states the meaning of this card quite beautifully, “The figures suggest youth, virginity, innocence and love before it is contaminated by gross material desire.” It’s interesting to note that in the passage I quoted at the beginning of this post, the “blame game” has commenced: The Divine Presence blames the man, the man blames the woman, the woman blames the snake. This is what happens when love fall apart. It get’s pretty nasty sometimes.
Seen in this context, The Lovers points to so much more than physical love. Ellen Canon Reed, in her magnificent book, The Witches Tarot, echoes this deeper meaning of the card. “The Lovers is a title which has caused many mistakes in interpretation, for we tend to think of lovers only as those involved romantically. A lover is one who loves, and that means all loving relationships, including the threefold relationship depicted on the card. All three figures on the card are you: The man is your Personality, the woman is your Individuality, the other figure is your Spirit.” This is quite an interesting way to reflect on the meaning of the card and what it

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.817856
Retrieved Text: So the stick turned pink. After screaming with joy (out loud or simply in your mind), running to share the news with your partner, checking your stomach in the mirror to see if anything shows yet and calling your best friend, it hits you. You're pregnant. You're about to experience the most life-changing events a woman can experience. Now what? No worries! This guide contains everything you need to get through the next year.
©2018. National Women's Health Resource Center, Inc. All rights reserved. All content provided in this guide is for information purposes only. Any information herein relating to specific medical conditions, preventive care and/or healthy lifestyles does not suggest individual diagnosis or treatment and is not a substitute for medical attention.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.797088
Retrieved Text: Face ID on the iPhone X works pretty perfectly most of the time, though it does seem to have some issues telling the difference between family members. But what if Apple’s new facial-recognition technology can’t tell the different between you and some random person, like a co-worker?
According to a report out of China, that’s exactly what happened to one woman when a colleague was able to easily unlock her iPhone X on multiple attempts. The woman was reportedly able to get a refund, but Apple didn’t exactly make it easy.
First, she called Apple’s help line to explain the issue, but her request was ignored. So she headed to a nearby Apple Store with her colleague to demonstrate the bug in person. At that point, the report says Apple offered a refund, which the woman used to buy a new iPhone X. But when the same thing happened again she took the device back for a second refund.
Speaking to HuffPost, an Apple spokesperson said they couldn’t confirm the news. However, they did suggest that the two women may have used the iPhone X’s passcode training to trick it into recognizing two different faces. Then again, maybe it really was a Face ID glitch.
Either way, the lesson seems to be that if Face ID doesn’t work you can probably get a refund on your iPhone from Apple, but you’ll have to be able to prove it in person at your local Apple Store first.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.786222
Retrieved Text: The patriarchs of the Vasiliev, Vetrov, and Volkov families are ruthless and despicable in their daily lives. The V Games were created by Yegor Vetrov and his own son was the first victor of the Games. The children of these men are ruthless as well, but their youthfulness and understanding of life around them has made them smarter than their fathers and when they have the power for their families things will be different. Women will not be treated as an accessory and they will be able to prove their own knowledge and power to rule beside their men.
Veniamin Vetrov is a young man who follows his fathers rules to keep the peace for now. He does not believe in all that his father does or says to run their family and he can’t wait until the day comes when he can be the one to rule the Vetrov name. However, when that time comes will he actually take the reigns? A lot will change for him in this story and he will find himself as well as the one woman who can keep up with him and stand beside him to show their world that they were meant to be together.
Diana Volkov is a young woman who is smart, strong, and vicious in her world. She will have to prove herself in this story and unfortunately, she will have to fight for her own life more than once in this story. I love Diana, she is a woman who knows her place in the family,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.707994
Retrieved Text: The eighth annual Student Essays in Christian Wisdom Competition attracted 19 papers from nine Anglican seminaries and university divinity schools in the United States, Canada, and England.
Rebecca Bridges Watts of Seminary of the Southwest took the top prize with her paper, “‘They are no less capable of our Christianity’: 16th-century Catholic Missions in Indigenous Cultural Contexts,” which TLC was pleased to publish in its Oct. 8 edition.
We are grateful to the judges of this year’s competition: the Rev. Matthew Burdette, curate for student ministry at Church of the Good Shepherd, Dallas; the Rev. Zachary Guiliano, associate editor of TLC; the Rev. Beth Maynard, rector of Emmanuel Memorial Church, Champaign, Illinois; and the Rev. Katherine Sonderegger, William Meade Chair in Systematic Theology, Virginia Theological Seminary.
The figure of Wisdom in Proverbs 1-9 is one of the most distinctive aspects of the wisdom tradition in part because it is personified as a woman. Proverbs describes her as a woman who is both public and powerful — calling out in the streets, teaching the (presumably male) child who is being addressed by Proverbs, and even declaring her presence with God during creation. As a distinctly feminine image claiming an intimate relationship with God, she is a particularly attractive target for feminist analysis. At the same time, she sits within a strongly patriarchal text, within a frame narrative of a father educating his son. Carol Newsom’s quip that Proverbs 1-9 is “a father talking to his son, mostly about women” suggests that the text’s feminist potential is much more limited. There

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.669899
Retrieved Text: Because one has chosen to follow the Biblical path does that mean it is time for them to enter into the synagogue/study/assembly? Absolutely not we see in the books of Exodus and Leviticus that the stranger was not allowed to take part in the Passover. Why is this? Notice at the entrance of the tabernacle there was a basin of water, which was to signify the purification of the priest and of those attending. There are several covenants that are carried out and taught within YHWH’s house and just the entering in of YHWH’s house cannot be taken lightly because there are several covenants that one’s heart must understand so we can come to YHWH pure of heart.
Given that Paul was indeed a Pharisee, he knew the concepts of which he was teaching that was engrained in Rabbinic Judaism. This dealt with purity and not defiling the temple which is what was done during the times of the Maccabees, Jeremiah, and Esther. This is why this wall was instituted so that bad theology and division does not make it’s way into the temple nor that of deviating spirits making their way into the temple that a person does not know they have. The Noahide laws are one of the first steps before, Shabbat, before the Feasts, before all the other mitzviot because it is a time of purification of one’s self so that they may come before YHWH pure.
He must often talk about YHWH’s love for people as a whole and not just his congregation or

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.533811
Retrieved Text: What has traditionally been the role of a woman? What will the role of a woman be in the future?
1. You will find the play The Trojan Women by Euripides on the MIT website listed above. Should at least 8 (2 men and 6 women) of you choose this project you must memorize and dramatize your parts. In the paper that you write, please identify and explain the background of these women. Where were the men who would have been their protectors? What was Cassandra's particular tragedy? What was the Trojan War? How did it become so well memorialized and why was the story of this war a part of the education of students for 2000 years? When the play was originally performed would women have played the parts? In what language did children of all languages read this epic from which this dramatization is based? Trojan Women is as Paul Harvey would say, "The Other Side of the Story."
Should any of you decide to take on this project we will schedule a special time for your presentation.
These women were highly regarded because of the quality of product they turned out...their children. How did they "produce princes" and what does Tacitus mean by this?
You may also include Clodia from the time of Caesar; Livia, wife of Augustus, and her granddaughter Agrippina the elder from the time of Tiberius in the 1st century AD, Julia Domna from the 2nd century AD, Helena, mother of Constantine the Great, and Christine Pizan ( http://www.pinn.net/~sunshine/march99/pizan3.html).
Explain the character of the women.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.525337
Retrieved Text: Here's the question: There is a household servant, working for a diplomat from an undisclosed nation, who is being horribly exploited by her employer — a live-in worker denied a room of her own, who is ill-paid, and works impossible hours — what should be done about it?
The woman is experiencing what might be called involuntary servitude.
Though I look forward to "The Ethicist" column in the New York Times Magazine each Sunday, and think well of the author, I disagree with Kwame Anthony Appiah's approach to the matter just described in his April 7 column.
While he is aware of her exact visa status (she has an A-3), and the extent of the abuse, and realizes that she might be kicked out of the country if she complains, Appiah does not suggest that the reader take any action in the matter: "[Y]our worries about doing the nanny more harm than good are, alas, well founded."

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.482959
Retrieved Text: The well-known story of Jesus changing water into wine in John 2:1-11 isn’t a text on prayer, per se. But Mary is talking to Jesus, and when we pray we talk to Jesus too. So let’s take a lesson from the woman who knew Jesus as well as anyone can.
1. Don’t tell God how to answer your prayers. When Mary goes to Jesus to tell Him about the situation, all she does is present the problem to Him. “They have no wine” (v 2). That’s it. She doesn’t ask Him to do anything. She doesn’t suggest a way for Him to remedy it. She doesn’t give her own opinion at all. All she does is present the problem to the Son of God.
2. Don’t get discouraged if He doesn’t answer right away. At first Jesus seems to mildly rebuke her. “Woman, what does this have to do with me? My hour has not yet come” (v 4). Mary is undeterred. She doesn’t argue with Him or plead her cause. She doesn’t get mad or impatient. In fact, the Bible doesn’t record that she even responds to Jesus’ statement directly.
3. Don’t second-guess His answer. After Jesus’ somewhat ambiguous response, Mary tells the servants, “Do whatever He tells you.” She’s presented the problem, and she trusts that Jesus will do what needs to be done. She doesn’t know how He’ll fix the problem, but she knows He will.
So what about you, dear child of God? What problems do you face in your life right now? Have you been

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.3884735
Retrieved Text: Theresa Battle is a thirty something woman whose life has stagnated around an unfinished PhD dissertation and a number of failed relationships, including a divorce. She's living with a household full of animals and holds down a dead-end copywriting job to make ends meet.
Jeff Battle, Theresa's older brother, isn't much better. Aimless and prone to lose any jobs he might land, Jeff's life is also going nowhere until he meets a young waitress named Kim. Perhaps this relationship will be the one to turn his dreary existence around and get him moving in the right direction.
Since Theresa thinks the world of her older brother, she hopes Jeff's new love will mark a turning point in his life. Actually it does, but not in the manner Theresa expected. When Kim is found murdered, Jeff becomes the main suspect and he's not doing much to clear his name.
Convinced her sibling could never do such a horrendous thing, Theresa decides to learn more about Kim and perhaps find something that would suggest someone, other than Jeff, was responsible for the girl's death.
What she is about to stumble into is a situation involving nasty secrets about politics, romance and scandal that will place Theresa's own life at risk and test to the breaking point the strength of family bonds and loyalty.
Emily Arsenault makes sure the reader learns as much about the woman who is the subject of her protagonist's dissertation as he does about Theresa. As a counterpoint to the academic's own personality, this is an interesting idea that adds

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.29667
Retrieved Text: The Mary Kay Beauty that Counts Creme Lipstick in One Woman Can* and the Mary Kay NouriShine Plus Lip Gloss in Celebrate* are special edition products in that for each product sold, $1 will be donated to the Mary Kay Ash Foundation to help prevent and bring an end to domestic violence. Mary Kay products can be purchased from a Mary Kay independent beauty consultant found here.
Both products were my first ever encounter with Mary Kay, so I didn’t know what to expect. First off, I love the gold packaging, which is both classy and simple as well as the the playful swirls of colour in both products.
The One Woman Can creme lipstick is a swirl of purple and pink that equates to a lovely berry concoction with a satin finish. When applied, the lipstick does not look stripey (as the look of the bullet might suggest). Furthermore, I’d say that not one …but any woman can pull off this lipstick because it is quite sheer yet buildable, very moisturising, and fairly long lasting (3-4 hours).
The Celebrate lip gloss is a mixture of a light pink and golden shade to create a sheer and shimmery peachy pink colour that smells like something along the lines of a vanilla cupcakes (yum!). It’s not at all sticky and the shimmer is not particularly prominent. This shade would add the perfect amount of gloss over a lipstick and works nicely for a subtle lip on its own.
In a heartbeat, I’d pair the Celebrate lip gloss with a dark smoky

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.266882
Retrieved Text: How naive that sounds today. In this age of echo chambers and filter bubbles, it is, many insist, better to settle a question than to debate it, better to be certain that one is right than to risk being proved wrong.
On perhaps no issue has the question of what can or cannot be debated been more sharply contested than that of transgenderism. How should society, and the law, look upon people who were born male but see themselves as female? Trying to answer that question has led to bitter confrontations between trans activists, determined to secure full rights for trans people, and “gender critical” feminists worried that the notion of what it is to be a woman is being transformed to the detriment of women’s rights.
In Britain, the government’s consultation on proposed changes to the Gender Recognition Act ended last month. At its heart was the question of whether trans people can decide for themselves what should be their legally defined gender.
For trans people, the freedom to define themselves is vital. To question, as many feminists do, whether a trans woman is “really a woman” is, activists insist, to threaten the individual’s identity. It does irreparable harm by subjecting trans people to mental trauma and giving succour to violent bigots. “I deeply resent the idea that my identity gets to be ‘debated’ in the first place,” wrote the American activist Jennifer Finney Boylan.
Many feminists insist, however, that there is a difference between acknowledging that trans women see themselves as female and counting them as women in

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.179679
Retrieved Text: If you’re worried about cost, then suggest a date that’s more affordable for you.
$60 is a pretty cheap date no matter how you slice this pizza.
The fight for equality was never about a woman’s right to pay an equal share of the bar tab. Funny that..
But it actually is about the expectation that the man always pick up the tab or that the woman is unable to. What do you think you know about fighting for equality?
Women spend money like there is no tomorrow. And while the modern woman is able and encouraged to be and do whatever she wants, men are still expected to fulfil that traditional role of provider. “Broke-Hearted” may have dodged a bullet if he is getting out of this with only 60 bucks lost.
Let’s generalize a little bit more shall we?
It’s call a coffee date dude, the only reason you bought her some fancy cocktails and pizza is because you were hoping it would help you get in her pants after the first date, and now your disappointed about the bill because you didn’t get to bang. She knew your strategy and played you for spite!
This. Buying a girl things (dinner/drinks/etc) does not entitle you to anything. A first date should be split anyways, whatever you end up doing.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.174915
Retrieved Text: No matter how educated, contemporary and modern one gets, you cannot deny the fact that zodiac astronomy is something that piques everyone’s interests whether they are practical workaholics or dreamy romantics. Zodiacs have a way of creeping into every person’s reasoning and make them look at others in a different way. Haven’t you ever heard people say that she is reacting in a particular manner since it’s in her nature or that she is acting out her true personality? What is this nature and personality and what does it depend upon? The innate personality of every human being is closely related to one’s stars. While the romantics will whole-heartedly agree with this notion, the practical people will turn up their noses on this sentences but what some fail to understand is that being a romantic or a practical at heart is also something to do very closely with one’s stars.
Look at the Aries woman for example, strong, independent and opinionated, no matter whom you meet, in whatever circumstances, every person born an Aries will showcase some signs of their innate zodiac personality. While some may be very head strong and out and out Aries others will have a more subtle shade of the personality. If you are attracted to an Aries woman then you better pull up your socks as they are the epitome of sophistication and will get attracted to no less.
Sophistication is the key to attraction: If you want to get the undivided attention of an Aries woman then you must be at your

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.171557
Retrieved Text: Q: Enjoyed page on controlling people. I am one and I am dating a woman who is also. I just ended a marriage with a passive-aggressive person. I really resent Ms. New giving me advice, and I work to limit my own advice giving. Is there any hope for this new relationship?
A: Well, since relationships in which both people are controlling are so common in our culture, there is plenty of hope that the relationship will survive. The question is how good of a relationship will it be eve if it does survive.
You and the woman you are dating both need to learn to overcome your fears of abandonment (focusing on if the relationship will last…) and instead learn to focus on caring about what the other person wants, communicating your own wants clearly, and effective problem-solving. All of these factors are more about how good the relationship is while it lasts, and that’s far more important than how the relationship will end.
I’d suggest that you attend some of the excellent couple’s workshops offered by social service agencies, individual therapists, and some churches. They usually focus on communication and cooperation. If she isn’t willing to attend, contact the leaders of these programs and ask them about attending on your own or acquiring the same skills in some other way.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.168801
Retrieved Text: Pissarro captured the rural essence and isolation of Montfoucault in this painting completed during his last visit in 1876. This expansive depiction of the haystacks at Montfoucault is somewhat reminiscent of previous landscapes at Pontoise in that it includes a broad view of the fields among the surrounding hills. The striking difference is that the Pontoise paintings included the houses of L’Hermitage. This painting is totally agricultural, showing only fields against a heavily wooded area, which emphasizes its total isolation.
Our eyes are immediately drawn to the large haystacks in the center front, anchored at the right by a large tree, whose tall branches lead the eye upward into the billowy clouds and bright azure sky. Another haystack to the right forms what is practically an isosceles triangle, making the composition symmetrical and providing a sense of stability.
The strength of the sunlight, evident in the golden grain scattered across the field, is intensified by the long lavender shadows in the lower left, which suggest the coming sunset. The palette takes a slice from the color wheel, advancing from yellow-gold in the foreground to the lush green of the tree and the forest in the background to the deep azure blue of the sky. The progression is interrupted only by the painterly clouds whose puffiness sets up a rhythm in the sky contrasting the solidity of the triangle below.
The woman in the foreground bears little resemblance to the virtuous gleaners depicted by Millet. She looks out at the viewer with no expression to suggest her mood or any

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.1258335
Retrieved Text: Fans surprised by the changes that have occurred with Valentina Kalganova. Rustam Solntsev cousin gave a procedure of rejuvenation. 56-year-old woman has adjusted the shape of the face using special injections.
Some time ago Rustam Solntsev presented a 56-year-old mother, Valentina Kalganova the surgery, the tip of the nose, and now he decided to help his cousin to rejuvenate the face. Usually at this age, many go straight under the surgeon’s knife, but now technology helps them to achieve the firmness of the skin non-invasively.
But not everyone was thrilled with the changes with Valentina. When Rustam was posted to microblog a photo of mom, some of his subscribers did not like her new appearance, and they even accused the woman of excessive interest in cosmetology.
“Fortunately, the mother does not pay attention to similar criticism – said Rustam. – She is not 20 years why not take the opportunity to look better? After all, objectively after contouring, she began to look younger, what makes her spirits rose, glittered eyes… by the Way, tellingly, every one of nedobrozhilateley, considering their long to write under the photo of my mother “Ugh, what a nightmare!”, you do not have in their blogs are no pictures. I understand, because of their natural unattractiveness and envy… Women, I suggest you also go through such a procedure. You see, and pictures of their spread will not be ashamed. And men, by the way, my mom is only nice words I write – I think this is very significant”.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.851999
Retrieved Text: An educated, successful, and attractive woman (we'll call Jane) reports that she "really to help get wed." When asked what she's searching for in a husband, her response can be a blank gaze. She just wants a husband, she declares. She's already chosen her wedding ring.
Officiant? I'm not saying too hung up on a specialized wedding ceremony, so I'm using a Justice with the Peace (not to mention I'm not Christian!). They typically charge compared to your clergyman. Justice of the Peace: Budget Affable.
So, a person planning thier own Valentine's Day proposal this season? If so, then don't get too nervous. This only end up being the evening of your lives! Wine beverages to perform the necessary planning in advance. Get a few trusted people on the action that can help you execute the evening flawlessly - be sure they know not to spill the beans! Nothing worse than your girlfriend knowing what you will be up to and playing surprised. Of course, she'll still say yes, but having her find out is something you to be able to avoid without exception.
Mostly man choose to surprise their woman when proposing. They secretly choose and buy engagement ring due to woman. There are many that's striving in scrapbook engagement ring for their woman. They worry too much if the ring would be desirable.
Flying Banner. Here is the scene. On a sunny day, you and suddenly your girl are enjoying the spring weather by walking by a lake. And out of no in order to her surprise is

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.819689
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'English Only' started by jette(DK), Jun 19, 2010.
"dance(ing) with the lady with a whole in her stocking"?
It's the headline of a chapter in a book about women with ADHD.
What ideas or connotations does the expression bring to native speakers? Research on the internet reveals that the phase has been part of several songs, e.g. Buffalo Gals, but what kind of woman is she?
Is it someone you should feel sorry for (because of the whole), or is she rather devil-may-carish (because she dances in spite of the whole) ... or?
And what might the reference to ADHD be?! (Maybe that she hasn't noticed the whole or can't find a stocking without a whole).
I've no idea jette(DK)...what you suggest about this woman with a HOLE in her stockings sounds pretty reasonable to me.
Gosh! I'm so embarassed! Of course I mean HOLE!!!
Still, it it someone you should feel sorry for or is it someone who doesn't give a damn she is not prone to conformity. Someone a bit like Pippi Longstocking?
Since the disorder exists at various levels and generally has no anti-social effects (just difficulty in sitting in a classroom and learning) I cannot guess at what the author or editor is trying to do.
With only this sentence: Dancing with the lady with a hole in her stocking.
I won't have a clue of what problem this lady might have. On the contrary, I could say that this is a very secure lady, that doesn't mind to keep enjoying herself, regardless of the hole in her stocking.
someone who doesn't

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.750853
Retrieved Text: There are no restrictions on travelling whilst pregnant with cheaptravelinsurance.com. Our policies cover pregnant women travellers as long as it's not a multiple pregnancy and you've have not suffered any previous childbirth complications.
Travelling when pregnant is not deemed by cheaptravelinsurance.com to be a ‘medical condition’. If at any time, however, during the pregnancy, you suffer any complications, you will need to have the approval of your health professional before you travel.
What are the general rules on travelling when pregnant?
Each airline will have its own rules and these should be investigated before booking to make sure that the return flight to the UK is possible if flying in the later stages of pregnancy (from seven months). Most airlines will ask for a written confirmation from your doctor from the 28th week of pregnancy that all is progressing well.
All airlines will normally refuse to allow pregnant women on their aircraft if they have previously given birth prematurely or have had blood clots in the veins of their legs.
What does the Air Transport Association advise?
They suggest that a woman with an uncomplicated single pregnancy should be allowed to travel in the 36th to 38th week as long as the flight is no more than 4 hours long. Ferry companies and cruise lines may refuse to allow pregnant women from the 32 week to travel with them.
A pregnant woman with complications should not be allowed to travel beyond 32 weeks.
What should I be aware of if I travel when pregnant?
Due to the obvious health risks to both the mother and

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.738847
Retrieved Text: Kate smiled at me with bright eyes, self-assured and at ease. She looked healthy, vibrant and was very different from the anxious, frightened, overwrought young woman who for 6 months had slept 2-3 hours a night at times (and sometimes not at all). I asked her if she would be okay to share her story so that her experience may in some way serve others, and she was happy to do so.
Depression is becoming more common among the overall population today. Recently I was asked to visit a local school to talk about depression and how Maharishi AyurVeda helps recovery from depression. It was both enlightening and alarming to see how aware these young adults were about depression, with a number having first hand experience of it within their communities. So this week we thought to look at the causes of depression and suggest key strategies for preventing or recovering from depression.
Does perfect health need a perfect mind?
Did birds teach us internal cleansing?
What are the benefits of Ayurveda herbal ghee?

================



======= Instance Index 41 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: When in Rome, do as the Romans do, they say.

W: What do the Romans do?

M: They live in Rome, of course, and go to work by car or bus. But sometimes it takes too long that way because of the traffic jams, so they walk.

W: In other words, the Romans do what everyone else does.

M: Yes, but they do it differently. Everything is different.

W: What do you mean?

M: Well, the climate is different for a start. It doesn't rain so much as it does in England. The sun shines more often.

W: I envy them for the sun.

M: I Know. You hate the rain, don't you?

W: I certainly do.

M: And a Roman really loves life. They always eat spaghetti and drink wine.

W: Not always, but they like a good meal. Lots of tourists go to Rome just for food.

M: Sure.

Question: What's the relationship between the two persons? 

- Wife and husband.

- Salesman and customer.

- Teacher and student.

Target Text: Wife and husband.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.079977
Retrieved Text: EVAL 6000: Foundations of Evaluation. Dr. Chris L. S. Coryn Kristin A. Hobson Fall 2011. Agenda. Stage One theories Donald T. Campbell Questions and discussion Encyclopedia of Evaluation entries.
Internal validity: The validity of inferences about whether the relationship between two variables is causal.
Construct validity: The degree to which inferences are warranted from the observed persons, settings, treatments, and cause-effect operations sampled within a study to the constructs that these samples represent.
External validity: The validity of inferences about whether a causal relationship holds over variations in persons, settings, treatment variables, and measurement variables.
Statistical conclusion validity: The validity of inferences about the covariation between two variables.
Time Evaluation -. additional slides adrian miners adrian@nicx.co.uk. sap portal. ess / mss. sap erp. time recording. payroll. organisation management. personnel administration. ppome. pc_payresult. pa30. pt_clstb1/2. sources of help.
The Pugh Method of Creative Concept Evaluation -. cost impact of decisions. committed manufacturing cost. 85%. concept prototype production design cycle phase. influence on product cost (car example). product cost.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.83177
Retrieved Text: of elements, objects and groupings, from small cubes to the large volume of the ?Two Persons House? currently being built in a garden in the Lapa quarter of Sao Paulo.
This house lays out a relationship between two people, two selves, A and B, two spaces, intertwined together. The house constructs this ?relationship? or bipolarity in the design of the space, the space itself marked by two colours, red and blue. For these two people, living in this house would be what Maurice Merleau-Ponty calls ?the power to let yourself be undone and redone by an actual other"
The house is made up of several discontinuous elements or grouping of elements. There are three types which are principally differentiated by their size. They could be described as static, mobile and ephemeral.
The principal of cubes and allotments creates equivalence between the objects. Each cube, whatever its size, is not to be considered as a part of a whole ? that of the ?two persons house?- but as a whole in itself. Following this idea the cubes of the ?two person house? can be devided into three groups.
The first group is composed of two major blocks interlocked, which together form the core of the house where the two people can live. Those blocks are connected and open onto one another. They are of two different colors, blue and red, both colours denoting a person. The red and the blue give their mark to all the groups of elements in the "two persons house".
The second group is made of elements small

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.561563
Retrieved Text: What is the Relationship Between Quality of Life and Coping Strategies of Adults with Celiac Disease Adhering to a Gluten Free Diet?
Until recently, celiac disease was thought to be rare in the United States. However over the past ten years, the reported prevalence has increased from 1 in 4600 persons to 1 in 133 persons. The latest estimate makes the prevalence comparable to the prevalence in Europe, where the disease is considered to be common.
Celiac disease is a chronic illness occurring in genetically susceptible persons resulting in inflammatory changes in the upper small bowel as a consequence of intolerance to the gliadin in ingested wheat, rye, and barley. Fortunately, celiac disease can be effectively managed by strict adherence to a gluten free diet. However, dietary management can be quite challenging.
The present descriptive, correlational research study included 156 adults self-reporting a diagnosis of celiac disease. The purpose of this study was to examine factors and perceived causes that interfere with adherence to a gluten free diet, to identify coping strategies, and to examine the relationship between coping strategies and quality of life. The theoretical framework was a combination of two theoretical models: 1) Lazarus model of stress and 2) the model of behavioral self-regulation by Carver and Sheier. Instruments used were the Demographic Information and Health and Diet History Questionnaire, the Psychological General Well-Being Index, and the Brief COPE.
Results from the study indicated that problems outside the home, especially in restaurants and the expense of gluten free foods are factors that interfere with dietary adherence. A moderate

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.494452
Retrieved Text: linking; connecting: air service between cities.
involving; concerning: war between nations; choice between things.
Heraldry. in the midst of, so as to make a symmetrical composition: a cross argent between four bezants.
Usually betweens. a short needle with a rounded eye and a sharp point, used for fine hand stitchery in heavy fabric.
in the intervening space or time; in an intermediate position or relation: two windows with a door between; visits that were far between.
between ourselves, confidentially; in trust.Also between you and me, between you, me, and the post/lamppost/gatepost/etc.
Among expresses a relationship when more than two persons or things are involved: Distrust spread among even his strongest supporters. Between is used when only two persons or things are involved: between you and me; to decide between tea and coffee. Between also continues to be used, as it has been throughout its entire history, to express a relationship of persons or things considered individually, no matter how many: Tossing up coins between three people always takes a little working out. Between holding public office, teaching, and writing, she has little free time.
Although not generally accepted as good usage, between you and I is heard occasionally in the speech of educated persons. By the traditional rules of grammar, when a pronoun is the object of a preposition, that pronoun should be in the objective case: between you and me; between her and them. The use of the nominative form ( I, he, she, they, etc.) arises partly as overcorrection, the reasoning being that if it is correct at the end of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.437784
Retrieved Text: Dispute resolution Expert; Rajeev Kumar Ji says,” Even if one of the two in a relationship might want to get all the issues resolved, solutions might come easily. With divine help, peace can be restored back to people in a relationship.” Relationship Specialist might have a lot to say to cause an end to the dispute between husband and wife.
A long and successful relationship is always a sign of great love. Love plays an important role in all relationships. If two persons or a husband and wife have better understanding than they can maintain a good and long time relationship. But if there are problems in a relationship and you are not trying to solve them, in such cases those small problems becomes big and also can destroy your life.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.97929
Retrieved Text: I was honored to be one of two keynote speakers at the 2014 SITAR meeting in New Haven. Here I provide a brief summary of my talk.
I use the Social Relations Model to partition the variance into several sets of measurements including group, individual (both actor and partner), and relationship variance. For many of the variables under study, we might think that there would be more variance at the individual level than at the level of the relationship. Among the domains reviewed was liking (both romantic and non-romantic), personality (Big Five, anxiety, attachment, and religious models), and behavior (self-disclosure, and social support, aggression). Just using the median across the nine domains, relationship explains nearly a third of the variance and it is the largest or tied as largest source of variance in 8 of the 9 domains. Relationships are a dominant source of variance.
Why is it then that we focus so little on relationships? The reasons are in part cultural, linguistic, statistical, and theoretical.
Finally, I discussed how we might understand how to study or understand why there is such a great deal of relationship variance. I outlined three different approaches: The first is that behavior and perceptions are determined by factors that vary at the level of the relationship. For instance, it might be we like people more if we interact with them more. Rate of interaction is a relational variable. So within this approach we look for factors that explain relationship variance. The second is more theoretically interesting. It examines the fit or match between

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.889786
Retrieved Text: The loss of marriage as a social ideal expresses itself in multiple fashions, including moves by researchers and governments to lump married persons and cohabitants into the same statistical (as well as tax and legal) category. In fact, some observers hope that rising levels of cohabitation will minimize or eliminate existing differences between the two. Yet a study in Norway, where cohabitation and marriage are treated as near equals—and where the former is more commonplace than the latter among adults under 35—found less support for cohabitation being like marriage than the researchers anticipated.
Looking at a sample of nearly 2,500 respondents under age 59 to the first wave (2002–03) of the Norwegian Life Course, Aging, and Generation study, the researchers explored how four categories of married couples and cohabitants fared against three measures of well-being commonly used in marital research. While they did not uncover large disparities as have other studies, differences across the four types of couples (never-married cohabitants, previously married cohabitants, first-time married couples, and remarried couples) were significant for the relationship quality index (p<.05), relationship satisfaction (p<.01), and life satisfaction (p<.001). Even as the effect sizes were small, the differences were due in all cases to never-married cohabitants reporting lower scores than the three other couple categories. The similarities of the other three couple categories are reflected in, for example, formerly married cohabitants reporting the same levels of well-being as married persons (whether in their first or subsequent marriages).
In tests that controlled for age, gender, education, union duration, and number of children, the handicaps

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.85658
Retrieved Text: "Abuse" means physical abuse, harassment, intimidation of a dependent, interference with personal liberty or willful deprivation but does not include reasonable direction of a minor child by a parent or person in loco parentis.
Domestic Violence means abuse as defined in the definition above.
"Exploitation" means the illegal, including tortuous, use of a high-risk adult with disabilities or of the assets or resources of a high-risk adult with disabilities. Exploitation includes, but is not limited to, the misappropriation of assets or resources of a high-risk adult with disabilities by undue influence, by breach of a fiduciary relationship, by fraud, deception, or extortion, or the use of such assets or resources in a manner contrary to law.
Include spouses, former spouses, parents, children, stepchildren and other persons related by blood or by present or prior marriage, persons who share or formerly shared a common dwelling, persons who have or allegedly have a child in common, persons who share or allegedly share a blood relationship through a child, persons who have or have had a dating or engagement relationship, and persons with disabilities and their personal assistants.
For purposes of this paragraph, neither a casual acquaintanceship nor ordinary fraternization between two individuals in business or social contexts shall be deemed to constitute a dating relationship. In the case of a high-risk adult with disabilities, "family or household members" includes any person who has the responsibility for a high-risk adult as a result of a family relationship or who has assumed responsibility for all or a portion of the care of a high-risk

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.579481
Retrieved Text: GUPEA: Individuellt företagande bland personer med utländsk bakgrund i Stockholms stad.
Individuellt företagande bland personer med utländsk bakgrund i Stockholms stad.
Title: Individuellt företagande bland personer med utländsk bakgrund i Stockholms stad.
Description: The issue of different forms of employment in Sweden has become particularly relevant in recent years. One of the most important reasons is the situation for the ever-increasing proportion of persons with a foreign background. The share of individuals employed is significantly lower among people with a foreign background than for those with a Swedish background. Differences in employment rates between persons with foreign and Swedish backgrounds contribute to socioeconomic inequality which, in turn, can contribute to increased segregation. Self-employment in the form of private companies or limited companies without employees can be an alternative to being an employee and may be of particular interest to persons with a foreign background in terms of their employment. The driving forces behind starting and running a business can be very different depending upon a number of factors. These factors can among other things be connected to either positive or negative individual motives, differing market conditions, or incentives carried out by government or institutions. Much of the focus of this paper is on the various driving forces that can contribute to the decision to start and run a small business, especially for people with a foreign background. This paper takes a quantitative approach to the spatial distribution of entrepreneurship in the form of private business or limited companies without employees of persons with a foreign background in the city

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.564482
Retrieved Text: I have basic understanding of what the Kundalini Shakti is but there is another energy that starts from mooladhara and ascends the spinal cord via pingala nadi, it is known as pranotthana.
What is the main purpose of this energy?
What are the basic differences between these two energies?
References from authentic resources would be useful.
Browse other questions tagged yoga shakti kundalini .
What is the difference between Surya nadi and Chandra nadi?
Comparison between Vishnu and Shiva?
What's the relationship between Durga and Shakti?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.541517
Retrieved Text: Community Church of Keyport is a welcoming and affirming congregation. We joyfully accept all persons into our community of faith who seek a closer relationship with God and who desire to express their devotion to Jesus Christ through the fellowship of the church. We welcome into the full life of our congregation all persons whom God calls to us, regardless of race, color, ethnicity, age, nationality, sexual identity, gender expression, socioeconomic status, or mental/physical/emotional ability. We believe that the church is a family and that all of God’s children are a part of this family.
Based on our welcoming and affirming statement, we believe that marriage is a joyful covenanting between two loving, committed people.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.277336
Retrieved Text: What can you expect from your couples therapy or marriage counseling session? In this article I shall endeavor to give you an overview on psychotherapy with couples in my practice.
I am influenced by the principles introduced by Bob and Rita Resnick, who together with their faculty of GATLA have been my mentors for many years. I have personally experienced their work by being a model couple at a workshop in Slovenia, 2015.
This quote explains how almost all relationships begin with blissful passion only to evolve with time into something less — often much less.
Falling in love is about meeting someone, and realizing a “chemistry” with that person. In love, all you want to do is to be with the person to feel his or her presence. There exists interest, curiosity and need. This is a time of exploration and fun. Sometimes it is also a time of anxiety of being with someone new. These emotions make us feel fresh and somewhat alive.
Passions fade with newness. How come?
As the relationship progresses, two very different people become more and more alike. This seems to be a “natural” process in most intimate relationships. “Successfully” married (especially elderly) couples, often look and act like each other, oftentimes even being able to read each other’s minds and/or finish each other’s sentences. For that reason perhaps, we’d think that “two becoming one” is the path to take in relationships.It , after all recited in most marriage vows.
Resnick argues, however, that when two become one, there’d be none. The passion arising from the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.115812
Retrieved Text: In the high summer of 2014, my mornings were streaked rosy gold with my reading of Dallas Willard’s Hearing God: Developing a Conversational Relationship with God (IVP, 1984, updated and expanded edition 2012). Willard (1935-2013), a noted philosopher of phenomenological realism, is perhaps better known as a powerful writer of helpful books on Christian spirituality. This was my first venture into Willard’s work—one I had anticipated with delight for a long time. Plus, I was intrigued because I had heard third-hand of Willard’s personal commendation of covenant epistemology.
In several respects, the heart of what Dallas Willard is carrying out, and of what he is commending, accords with the claims of covenant epistemology. Covenant epistemology claims that all knowing is relational knowing, and the better we are at cultivating the knowing as an interpersonal relationship, the better we will be at knowing. This is true of knowing rose bushes or carpentry. It’s obviously true of knowing persons, though we always seem to need to be reminded to treat persons as persons. Covenant epistemology also means we should see knowing persons and knowing rosebushes as working the same way, in many respects—interpersonally. It takes challenging the presumed distinction between knowing rose bushes and knowing persons to make us better at both. Knowing God, of course, is knowing a person of the most unique sort.
Hearing God, obviously, is about knowing God. Willard is showing us how to cultivate a mature interpersonal relationship with God. And what he offers and how he offers it are just the key points of

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.035553
Retrieved Text: Bangladesh and India on Friday decided to develop a forward looking roadmap for bilateral cooperation to make the partnership irreversible as they agreed on the need to expedite safe and sustainable repatriation of the displaced people from Rakhine State of Myanmar.
The decision came at the 5th meeting of the India-Bangladesh Joint Consultative Commission (JCC), co-chaired here by Bangladesh Foreign Minister AK Abdul Momen and his Indian counterpart Sushma Swaraj.
Appreciating Bangladesh for the humanitarian gesture in supporting a large number of displaced persons from the Rakhine region of Myanmar, Swaraj assured Momen of India’s continued support for safe, speedy and sustainable return of the displaced persons to Myanmar, according to a joint statement issued here.
During the meeting, the two sides reviewed ongoing cooperation including the implementation of decisions taken during the visits of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina, as well as at the last meeting of JCC in October 2017, in Dhaka.
The two ministers also reaffirmed that the relationship between India and Bangladesh, forged in the 1971 Liberation War, goes far beyond a strategic partnership and today it is anchored in history, culture, language and shared values of democracy, secularism, development cooperation and countless other commonalities.
The entire gamut of bilateral issues of mutual interest also came up for discussion in the meeting, the statement said.
They also viewed that both countries are working closer than ever before in every sector, from security and border management to mutually-beneficial trade and investment flows, power and energy, river water sharing, development partnership, transport connectivity, culture, people-to-people contacts.
They

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.003866
Retrieved Text: Stena Baltica caters primarily for freight but also carries passengers by car. The Stena Baltica offers an onboard buffet restaurant and a relaxing bar area but has reduced facilities in comparison to the Stena Vision and Stena Spirit.
Standard Economy Class cabin with no window (inside) suitable for 2 persons. What's included?
Standard Economy Class cabin with a window (outside) and great sea views, suitable for 2 persons. What's included?
This Comfort Class cabin with no window (inside) is suitable for 2 persons. What's included?
This Comfort Class cabin, with a window (outside) and great sea views, is suitable for 2 persons. What's included?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.975235
Retrieved Text: If you should be looking for love on the internet, you might discover it. Finding love online substantially like routine dating needs to happen between two people that are interested with each other. Don't forget that you don't need to cover love on the web. You might be unsure about where to begin with or, if you are looking to locate love online.
Where in your home and at your own time and effort, you select an appropriate profile and might get online and organize to match. Meeting people online is your solution. Still another reason click here now https://brightbrides.org/ online-dating is that an choice is that it is possible to meet with women and men besides their looks in light of some thing. A whole lot of online dating internet sites also provide elite single alternatives for people who are searching for a top-notch and selective therapy.
When you have got an online relationship it will always supply you with a adrenaline rush when you convey when you imagine this to be the perfect connection. In the lack of a flesh-and-bones partner before you, a relationship stipulates the capability to turn it on or off depending on your interest and availability. What's more, if you're already committed into a online relationship, visit to it that you can detect each other as often as possible. People begins a romance with somebody in online dating world easily but have a tough time.
You will likely be requested to produce a profile Once you sign to a website. After you register

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.926638
Retrieved Text: The Acton Institute is committed to the free exchange of goods and services between persons, and acknowledges the essential relationship between a free, open economy and a free and prosperous people. We affirm that isolating countries from the global economy creates perverse incentives for the regimes that govern them, and harms the material well-being of their citizens. We support efforts to remove barriers to trade between nations and to bring all persons into the circle of exchange.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.91443
Retrieved Text: Editorial from Down Syndrome Research and Practice, Volume 8, Issue 1.
. (2002) Editorial. Down Syndrome Research and Practice, 8(1), -.
Research in the area of phonological awareness has mainly focused on the nature of the relationship between reading ability and awareness of phonemes. However, a recent study of phonological awareness in children with Down syndrome questioned the existence of any necessary relationship (Cossu, Rossini & Marshall, 1993). This paper describes a study of phonological awareness in children with Down syndrome with varying levels of reading ability. The sample consisted of 10 male and 7 female children with Down syndrome (aged 9 years 2 months to 14 years 5 months). All children received a battery of tests which consisted of assessments of: 1) phonological awareness, 2) reading and spelling competence, 3) non-word reading and spelling ability, and 4) non-verbal measures. Children with Down syndrome demonstrated measurable levels of phonological awareness. Significant positive correlations were found between phonological awareness and: reading and spelling competence, ability to spell non-words and non-verbal measures.
Fletcher, H, and Buckley, S. (2002) Phonological awareness in children with Down syndrome. Down Syndrome Research and Practice, 8(1), 11-18.
Infants with Down syndrome are known to have a high frequency of associated birth defects and some authors have suggested an association between Down syndrome and oesophageal atresia. We evaluated data from the Sicilian Registry of Congenital Malformations. Our finding of an incidence of 0.9% of oesophageal atresia in children with Down syndrome is more than 30 times higher than expected and more than reported in other studies where the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.904903
Retrieved Text: acs_rels is a powerful mechanism in [OpenACS]/]po[ to express a relationship between two objects. There seem to be no (more) detailed documentation about the group system on [OpenACS] (please contact us if you should be aware of any documentation to include), so this page tries to explain the basics.
The [OpenACS] relationship mechanism seems to be based on the Object Role Modelling modelling method. However, it also seems to bear similarites with roles in Description Logics even though the inference component is missing.
Even though conceptually somehow dirty, rels can be used as a convenient way to create N x M mapping table between objects. To create a relationship, just call the PL/SQL function acs_rel__new() with suitable parameters. In particular, please choose a valid "rel_type" from the acs_rel_types table.
If no existing rel_type should suit your needs, you can create interactively new rel_types using OpenACS maintenance tables at the URL http://<your_server>/admin/rel-types/.
The following sub-types of acs_rel are used in ]po[. The arguments in parenthesis specify a constraint on the object types of the two legs of the relationship (object_id_one and object_id_two).
[membership_rel] (group, person) - Defines if a person is member of a group.
[admin-rel] (group, person) - Defines persons with administration rights on a specific group (not used in ]po[).
[user_portrait_rel] (user, content_item) - Defines one or more portraints for a user.
[im_biz_object_member] (acs_object, person) - Defines a ]po[ users's membership of a business object.
[im_conf_item_project_rel] (im_project, im_conf_item) - Defines relationships between ITSM configuration items (=inventory) and their projects.
[im_release_item] (im_project, acs_object) - Defines a list of [release items] associated to a (release-) project.
im_ticket_ticket_rel (im_project,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.851303
Retrieved Text: The usual terms used to coin a wedding of mixed cultures are: interfaith or intermarriage. The first term implies a wedding between to faiths, hence between two religions; as secular Jews we try to avoid using this term. More suitable is the latter term: intermarriage as it is a neutral term. But we would like to call it Intercultural marriages. We prefer the use of the world culture because we do not think that culture can be neutral, or neutralized. A person's culture is also his or hers national affiliation, sense of belonging, identity. One of the composites of each culture is religion. A union between two persons of different cultures is a new creation, but it can not be indifferent to each culture. Identities have to find their proper place in a union like this.
Intercultural marriages are between two persons, one belonging to the Jewish culture that decides to form a binding commitment with a person outside of the Jewish culture.
3. Two foreign citizens, one of them Jewish.
4. Two foreign citizens, both them non-Jewish.
Intercultural marriages assume that identities are not mutually disqualified. Joining one culture does not mean ruling out, or erasing the other. Even in same culture marriages it is not recommended forcing your beliefs on your spouse, let alone in an inter-cultural situation. Moreover, identities can not be eradicated or totally converted because they are not rigid and monolithic. Identities in our day and age are dynamic, fluid and elusive. Even if one of the partners will seemingly give up his or hers

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.85119
Retrieved Text: Today is Trinity Sunday--the day when Christians all over the world celebrate the tri-unity of God.
The Christian doctrine of the Trinity is easily one of the most mysterious, and least understood Christian doctrines. The pat Christian-y answer to someone who doesn't understand the Trinity is simply, "God is three-in-one... One God, three persons."
Sometimes people try to explain how God is three-in-one by using water as an illustration. "Water," they say "can be ice, vapor or liquid... but it's still water."
Or they'll show an egg and explain that there's a shell, a white and the yellow center, but the thing is still an egg. For the life of me, I don't know how that one works, exactly. But still, it's still widely used.
The fact of the matter is that the doctrine of the Trinity is hard to understand and even harder to describe. None of our feeble words seem to really do it justice.
Father... Son... Spirit.... this is the way the Church has come to understand the tri-unity of God.
And for a lot of people, this seems strange. Many non-Christians struggle with this understanding of God, and Christians don't do a very good job of explaining it. After all, it is mysterious and odd.
The fact of the matter is that Christians muddle up this whole Trinity thing pretty well---even with our best words and images.
You can have what's behind Door Number One: God is a heavenly board of directors made up of three equal partners. God is in charge of production, Jesus is in charge of sales

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.844421
Retrieved Text: need anyone say more? Do your kids a favor and get them out of that sick, sick, sick household now.
Believe me, they are well aware that things are not okay between their parents no matter how you treat each other in front of them.
oh yeah, and find a counselor that will help you recover.
You and many of the other posters confuse the concepts of trust and forgivenss to imply more than they do.
You can trust your wife - trust that she will cheat on you. Has and may again.
There's your trust, have at it and enjoy. Why must trust involve molding her to your values? You said ' I do' to a cheat and all that comes with it. Accept it.
What's to fix? Fix your self.
Learn to perceive reality as it is - not as you would like it to be.
You'll be much happier in the end.
As for forgiveness - who the heck are you to bequeath forgiveness on anyone?
You also state that your upset that 'she has sleep with this man...'. I'd be more upset about them having intimate sexual relations and such, the sleeping wouldn't bother me in the least.
But this isn't really about her and her trysts - it's about your ego.
Eresm, Compassion for others is your strong suit. Please be wary. Cheating is not an uncommon thing. Forgiveness is divine. But trust will always be the foundation for a lasting relationship. It takes two exception individuals, to shed all they have known of each other, and start anew. I have yet to

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.842976
Retrieved Text: Q&A what's the relationship between the output current limit and input current limit of LTM8055?
what's the relationship between the output current limit and input current limit of LTM8055?
"The maximum output current depends upon the input voltage. Higher input voltages yield higher maximum output current."
why? just because of the more input power with higher Vin?
the largest output current is 8.5A, so what's the largest input current of the module? is still 8.5A?
"Bear in mind that the maximum output current is limited by junction temperature, the relationship between the input and output voltage magnitude and other factors."
how can I design the current limit with the voltages not listed on the datasheet's graphs? like Vin=9V, Vout=10V, Iout=7.5A.
is there any formulas to calculate this precisely?
all the conditions I mentioned above regardless of the CTL, Rsense, etc.
The current is limited by the internal components ability to handle the current when operating in lower input voltages.
At lower input voltages more specifically when the converter is operating at boost mode (Higher Vout than Vin) the inductor would need to handle higher current peaks to maintain a certain output load compared when it is operating in buck mode (Higher Vin than Vout).
To aid you in your design, Please download and install LTPowerCAD vII. After installation just search for LTM8055 and enter your design parameters.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.830542
Retrieved Text: Why isn't this site named cheap retirement living instead of frugal retirement living?... what's the difference between being frugal and cheap... I get asked that all the time... and by the way being called cheap does not offend me in the least...being called wasteful would get my attention.
Here are two items that we use on a daily basis, Tupperware products and freezer bags.
Some might say that freezing leftovers is cheap... I think it's frugal... why?
Take a look at our number one tip for saving money...not only does it save money, it improves relationship communication, and it is healthy.
I read once that people search most for three things online... health, wealth and love.
This tip accomplishes all three, and the products that you see displayed on our kitchen island are used every day as a result of not only preaching this tip but using this tip.
When we travel, we first try to plan our trips, where motel stays are kept at a minimum.
But after driving 10 hours (in our case usually in the middle of Nevada), a bed is a bed, and Motel 6 almost always meets our requirements for a clean comfortable room...They may not have a fancy breakfast buffet... but we are usually on the road before dawn, so a breakfast buffet is a nonissue for us.
Some would call staying at Motel 6 cheap, I call it frugal and non-wasteful.
We always bring our own food for dinner so once we get into our room we never leave until the next morning... we could care less if

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.815378
Retrieved Text: The aim of this study was to determine the relationship between brain structure and memory test performance in adult outpatients with schizophrenia (SZ). Sixty-four persons with SZ (mean age= 40.8, SD = 10.3 years) and 61 healthy controls (mean age=43.5, SD=11.2 years) completed the Hopkins Verbal Learning Test, BriefVisuospatial Memory Test, and brain magnetic resonance imaging. Voxel-based morphometry was used to quantify group differences in regional gray matter volume (GMV) and correlate regional GMV with memory test performance in persons with SZ. The SZ group performed worse than healthy controls on learning and delayed recall measures of both tests. Group differences were larger for verbal than visual learning and memory. Compared to healthy controls, patients with SZ showed reduced GMV in frontal, temporal and limbic lobes bilaterally, as well as the thalamus. Pearson correlations of GMV with cognitive performance revealed an unexpected pattern of hemispheric lateralization for verbal and visual memory, that learning and delayed recall did not correlate distinctly with frontal and temporal lobe volumes, and that most brain regions in which GMV correlated with cognitive performance differed from those that distinguished the two groups. Persons with SZ differ from healthy adults in both memory test performance and regional GMV. However, the minimal overlap between regions of reduced GMV that distinguish between groups and those that correlate with memory performance suggests that coarse neuroanatomic abnormalities in persons with SZ do not fully explain their impairment of learning and memory. These results highlight inconsistencies in our understanding of specific brain regions that subserve memory, and also

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.79751
Retrieved Text: blood relationship; kinship. adj., adj consanguin´eous.
Kinship because of common ancestry.
1. Relationship by blood or by a common ancestor.
2. A close affinity or connection.
a hereditary or "blood" relationship between persons that results from having a common parent or ancestor.
The state of belonging to an identical kinship or blood line.
Amish—Dwarfism, mental retardation and metabolic disorders seen in 1:250-500 births.
Ashkenazi Jews—Abetalipoproteinemia, Bloom syndrome, familial dysautonomia, factor XI deficiency, adult Gaucher’s disease, iminoglycinuria, Meckel syndrome, Niemann-Pick disease, pentosuria, spongy degeneration of brain, stub thumbs, Tay-Sachs disease, torsion dystonia (dystonia musculorum deformans).
Blacks—Haemoglobinopathies (HbS), sickle cell anemia, HbC, persistent HbF, alpha-thalassaemia, beta-thalassaemia, G6PD deficiency, adult lactase deficiency.
Canadians: French Quebec—Agenesis of corpus callosum, Morquio syndrome, tyrosinaemia; Nova Scotia—Niemann-Pick disease, type D.
Chinese—Beta-thalassaemia, G6PD deficiency, adult lactase deficiency.
Eskimos (Inuit and Yupik people)—Adrenal hyperplasia, Kuskokwim disease, methaemoglobinamia, pseudocholinesterase deficiency.
Japanese—Acatalasia, dyschromatosis universalis hereditaria, Oguchi’s disease.
Lebanese—Dyggve-Melchior-Clausen syndrome, juvenile Tay-Sachs disease.
Blood relationship. The term does not imply any particular degree of closeness and ranges from identical twin to remote cousin.
n a hereditary or “blood” relationship between persons, by virtue of having a common parent or ancestor.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.780922
Retrieved Text: The laws which govern employment occupy a position of considerable importance in any modern society. This is so because of the tremendous contributions which workers can make to national growth and development, as well as the general well-being of the nation’s citizenry. Labour law has a vital role to play in the mobilization of the work force for national growth. The major players in employment are essentially-the employer and the employee and whenever there is a contractual relationship between these two parties, the binding contract naturally brings about rights and duties which must be complied with. Their respective rights and duties have to be analyzed wholly in contractual terms. In many civilize countries, a case study of Nigerian, it has been observed from historical antecedents, a structured favor to employers over and above the employees liability arose. As much as it is an undisputed fact that employers reserve the right to dismiss alongside other rights, employees also have rights which they can also exercise. But in most circumstances, due to ignorance of many employees, the opportunity to challenge such unlawful acts of the employers elude them. Efforts has been made in this research projects to identify these problems, their causes and also solutions have been suggested in the concluding chapter for a need to reform the whole set up as it affects labor law and practice in Nigeria.
INTRODUCTION-MEANING AND SCOPE, FORMATION, HISTORICAL BACKGROUND AND BASIS OF LIABILITY.
The contract of employment is a specie of contract, and is Therefore governed by general principles of the law of

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.655909
Retrieved Text: PLEASE READ! http://3binternational.com REQUIRES CONSIDERATION FOR AND AS A CONDITION OF ALLOWING YOU ACCESS.
ALL PERSONS UNDER THE AGE OF 18 ARE DENIED ACCESS TO http://3binternational.com. IF YOU ARE UNDER 18 YEARS OF AGE, IT IS UNLAWFUL FOR YOU TO VISIT, READ, OR INTERACT WITH http://3binternational.com OR ITS CONTENTS IN ANY MANNER. http://3binternational.com SPECIFICALLY DENIES ACCESS TO ANY INDIVIDUAL THAT IS COVERED BY THE CHILD ONLINE PRIVACY ACT (COPA) OF 1998.
Voluntary Sample Testers agree that there is no business relationship between themselves and 3B International. Samples are provided for the tester to evaluate on a voluntary basis. Tester comments and opinions become the exclusive property of 3B International. The Tester is not the agent or partner of 3B International, nor does not create any relationship between two parties and is strictly being done for the security & the assigned work of 3B International. The parties agree to enter into a confidential relationship with respect to the disclosure of certain proprietary and confidential information (“Confidential Information”) related to 3B International’s products.
Viewer, visitor, member, subscriber voluntary sample tester, or customer agrees that the applicable law to be applied shall, in all cases, be that of the state of the Seller.
Contact Email: alb@3binternational.com, All Rights Reserved.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.638191
Retrieved Text: Monday April 15, 2019 - Kiambu County Women Representative, Gathoni Wamuchomba, has hailed the good working relationship between the opposition and the Government.
Speaking in Nairobi on Sunday, Wamuchomba said that the union between President Uhuru Kenyatta and National Super Alliance (NASA) leader, Raila Odinga, has led to peace between members of the two sides.
“That was only possible because of the handshake," Wamuchomba said.
The outspoken Jubilee Party legislator rubbished claims being made by a rival portion of Jubilee leaders allied to Deputy President William Ruto that Team Kieleweke is out to fight some specific persons.
“Team Kenya is about peace, uniting the country and developing our nation,” Wamuchomba said.
Team Kieleweke comprises of leaders from Central Kenya who support Uhuru and Raila’s handshake but oppose Ruto’s premature campaigns for 2022.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.567627
Retrieved Text: Researchers looked at a racially representative sample of over 100 people between the ages of 18 and 30 who had gone through a breakup. They hypothesized that the greater the level of commitment between two people in a relationship, the greater the chance that they would have some sort of relationship after the breakup.
The researchers assumed for the sake of analysis that commitment is a result of three things: satisfaction in the relationship, feeling that the alternatives to being in that relationship are less attractive than being in it, and having already invested in it. These three factors form what's known in the literature as the "Investment Model" of relationships. The researchers found that the more of these three factors participants claimed to feel before the split, the more likely those participants were to be close to their partner after a breakup. It's worth mentioning that the average amount of time that had passed between the breakup and the research collection was about four months.
Other older research has found that the more time couples spend together, the longer it takes them to move on, and the more likely they are to try to get back together.
The bottom line: it looks like there's a sunk cost effect at play; the more commitment that went in to a relationship, the more likely we are to hang on to it in some way, even after it ends. Whether or not that's a rational thing to do - well, that's an article for another day.

================



======= Instance Index 42 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: When in Rome, do as the Romans do, they say.

W: What do the Romans do?

M: They live in Rome, of course, and go to work by car or bus. But sometimes it takes too long that way because of the traffic jams, so they walk.

W: In other words, the Romans do what everyone else does.

M: Yes, but they do it differently. Everything is different.

W: What do you mean?

M: Well, the climate is different for a start. It doesn't rain so much as it does in England. The sun shines more often.

W: I envy them for the sun.

M: I Know. You hate the rain, don't you?

W: I certainly do.

M: And a Roman really loves life. They always eat spaghetti and drink wine.

W: Not always, but they like a good meal. Lots of tourists go to Rome just for food.

M: Sure.

Question: What does the woman hate? 

- Sun.

- Rain.

- Spaghetti.

Target Text: Rain.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.541243
Retrieved Text: Life quote: Respect is a mirror, what you reflect is what you get back.
What does it mean to be a woman (in this day and age) and what is the most important thing to you as a woman? There are so many expectations set out for being a woman in the world today. I hate the fact that most things are expected of me just because I am a woman. I live by doing things because it feels right and not because it is what is expected of me. I guess the most important thing for me as a woman is my sexuality and how important it is for me to embrace my African roots. Two things African women are not allowed to embrace freely without judgement.
What is self-hate to you? And have you been a victim of it? Self hate is believing that you are not good enough for anyone or anything. Seeking approval in a system that does not really care much about you. Self hate is not being comfortable in your skin, wishing you looked a little more like someone other than yourself. Different situations brings out different outcomes of your personality so yes, i have victimized myself because of my self hate at some point and i have had a taste of ladies taking out their self hate on me.
Do you still have issues with self-esteem? And what helps you snap out of it? Yes I do. What has helped me is keeping my circle small. Talking to the universe about how

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.049765
Retrieved Text: This all came from a woman I don’t know all that well, directly. We’re just getting to know each other. We know a lot about each other from mutual connections, for whatever that’s worth. But for some reason, this woman shared all this with me. Me.
Does she know what I do with this kind of information? I connect dots. I extrapolate. I wonder. I infer. I deduce.
She discussed him as if he were a roommate.
It’s three now, the marriages I’ve seen end. There seems to be a pattern to a what a woman says when she is desperately unhappy in her marriage. There’s an equally distinct pattern in what’s not said.
I hate patterns. I see them too much.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.036617
Retrieved Text: Joyce Wycoff Connecting through Art: Don’t sneeze hate … it’s contagious.
As the pestilence of hate flies free from its constraints, the haters come out in force, prompting the non-haters to begin to hate the haters, thus becoming haters.
I’ve been living in Ajijic, Mexico, for five months, long enough to become aware of how hard most of us try to respect the cultural and logistical differences here. Most of us are at least attempting to learn the language and revel in the colorful art, customs and history. Of course, there are those few who, knowingly or unknowingly, are rude, inconsiderate, and boorish.
Facebook is a huge connector here with pages created for almost every possible interest. This week a thread was started recounting the rude behavior of a woman in a local restaurant. It was a trigger because most of us hate the thought of being an “ugly American” and when we see someone doing that, it pushes our buttons.
All the pushed buttons on this page exploded into a torrent of outrage, name calling, and threatened violence. No one on this thread knew this woman. No one knew what she might be going through or what her life was like. She had obviously had a moment of rudeness. However, is she an evil, bad person or did she just do something stupid? No one knows.
When the good guys become haters, what does it say about our world? The folks on this thread were the “good guys,” the people who want people to be treated with respect and kindness,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.72486
Retrieved Text: At least that story had a happy ending, this is clearly not possible for Hillary.
I hate phony Goldman Sachs Cruz. Cant laugh at his jokes.
I hate the way Mrs. Phony Goldman Sachs stares at her husband. It creepy!
Heidi Cruz is a nice looking woman no matter what anyone thinks about her past employment history. You have to wonder what she ever saw in Teddy Ballgame.
Does Ted Cruz have any original ideas, or does he just copy everything TRUMP? What a coinkydink that this “Children’s Book” debuted days after Jimmy Kimmel presented Donald Trump with “Winners Aren’t Losers”.
And as reported on the news today, Ted Cruz has ditched commercial flying and upgraded to a private jet to bounce around the country.
But, Whose private jet? Whose toyboy is he? Toyboy Ted.. Someone paying him to be their very own special version of Trump..
Ted Cruz is nothing but a grandstanding creep. When he leaves the Senate he can always replace Randy Quaid as Cousin Eddie in the Vacation movies.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.099125
Retrieved Text: Jessica Greyson: Valentine Book Lover Link Up!
Since we are going to be asking the authors questions until Valentine's day! I thought it would be a great time to ask all of you some! So here you go, feel free to link up at the bottom so we can see your answers!
What book do you love but everyone else seems to hate (or dislike)?
What book does everyone else seem to love, but you just can’t get into?
Love in books—love or hate it?
What is your favorite friendship/brotherhood/sisterhood in a book?
Do you “ship” couple when you read? What are some of your favorite ships—that sailed or didn’t?
Do you still exchange Valentines?
Your favorite Valentine gift, chocolate, flowers or something else? Chocolate, dark, milk, white—other?
Your personal views on Valentine’s day?
Favorite romantic gesture in a book?
Do you have a favorite “romantic movie” for that you like to watch?
Favorite Literary couple and why?
Favorite opinion about love from a Character? (like Jo in little woman...to her it was an awful idea).

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.785326
Retrieved Text: "Ma'am? Excuse me. Uh, ma'am?"
Surely the mid- to late-thirtysomethings at Table 52 aren't beckoning ME. I look over my shoulder - perhaps there's an older woman standing behind me with whom they'd like to speak? The guy with salt-n-pepper hair gives a little wave. Oh. They DID mean me.
"Is it okay if we write on this menu?"
No! I think, It is clearly NOT okay if you write on the menu. Do you see little check marks next to each tapas item? Did I supply you with a pen and pencil? Would you walk into No. 9 Park or even the Butcher Shop and start scribbling all over their menu? What kind of animal are you?
"Sure," I say instead, since he has already started sullying it up with red ink. "Of course. Go right ahead."
I head to the service bar to collect their mojitos.
"Dude, Table 52 called me ma'am," I lament to the barback.
"They didn't mean it, Kitty. They didn't mean it," he consoles me.
"I don't care. I now hate them."
"Here are your mojitos," I say, careful to conceal my contempt as I hand them their drinks. "Did you have any questions? Are you ready to order?"
"Hey," the salt-n-pepper guy says, "You look just like that woman in Vicky Cristina Barcelona. Know who I'm talking about?" he says. His companions, two men with accents and a pretty brunette woman, nod and murmur "Yes...she does...mmm-hmmm."
"You mean the blonde chick?" I say. "Scarlett Johannson?"
"Yes! Scarlett Johannson," he says.
"That's a pretty hefty compliment," I say, "She's pretty hot. She's also

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.78023
Retrieved Text: I see this as a continuation of what I wrote in my earlier post a hate-speech whirlwind, particularly with regard to the bible reference quoted in it.
Consider the content of the talk in this video. Compare and contrast its message with common Christian attitudes and behaviours towards others.
Does it concern you (even before listening to it) that the talk is given by a Muslim woman?
This entry was posted in Christian Faith, Islam, politics, refugees, World Religions and tagged Islam, spirituality and politics, Terrorism, War by Onesimus. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.76453
Retrieved Text: Fremont Police said they did not charge the woman as they didn't view the incident as a "crime"
A viral video of a driver in Fremont, California, who was caught yelling racially-charged comments and making derogatory gestures against Asians has sparked outrage and debate over whether it crossed a legal line into hate speech. Anoushah Rasta reports.
A viral video of a driver in Fremont, California, who was caught yelling racially-charged comments and making derogatory gestures against Asians has sparked outrage and debate over whether it crossed a legal line into hate speech.
The driver the tirade was directed at – a Korean-American Air Force veteran – thinks it’s a hate crime, but Fremont police say it’s a case of two drivers behaving badly and no laws were broken.
Fremont resident James Ahn posted the video on his Facebook page on May 21, where it has since received tens of thousands of views.
“I was driving in Fremont last week and this lady started the racial harassment while threatening me on the road only because I wasn’t driving fast enough for her,” he wrote.
Ahn told NBC Bay Area he was simply driving when she started yelling … and he thinks she was upset because he was driving too slow.
“I got scared and I told my passenger to start recording because it looked like she was going to crash me at some point,” he said.
At one point, the woman asks Ahn to go back to his country.
“Oh my God, Chinese ugly, ugly Chinese,” according to the nine-second clip, which has now been

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.657597
Retrieved Text: Scandals, intrigue, investigation – this book has all of the above in large quantities. And many other things. This is a real detective with the steps, analysis of evidence, logical calculations, car chases… And, of course, Ankh-Morpork adds spice to everything going on, although, of course, all problems are very well known for wearing masks.
Doesn’t matter what the minority comes in the Night watch. More importantly, what they do there. This is a story about how important it is to be human in all circumstances, and about freedom. In fact, it does not matter the species and method of restriction of freedom. And the Troll and gnome can be quite people.
Even a small smelly dog can sometimes behave like human beings. But freedom is always limited, if someone starts to decide for others. Often very simple and desirable to comply with the order of another, instead make the decision himself. By the way, in the perspective of freedom and subordination interesting story of Big Fido and his pursuit of freedom. Unexpected, but very vital.
In the Night watch are representatives of specific minority groups: dwarf, Troll and … a woman (everyone thinks she was taken because she is a woman). Dwarves hate trolls, trolls hate dwarfs, people hate those and others for fights and riots. In General, no tolerance. And if suddenly someone will kill gnome, it did clearly a Troll, who else?
So, in this book the Guards investigating a series of mysterious murders, this is a real detective, of course, with humor and even a love

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.646961
Retrieved Text: Love/Hate star Charlie Murphy will join fellow Irish star Cillian Murphy as a key character in Peaky Blinders.
The fourth season kicks off tonight on BBC One and will see the return of favourites Murphy, Helen McCrory and Paul Anderson as well as new addition Adrien Brody as an Italian Mafia don.
The action is now set in the 1920s and Charlie will play a character based on a real person, trade union activist Jessie Eden who, during the General Strike of 1926, persuaded her fellow female workers to strike at the John Lucas factory in Birmingham.
“I find it inspirational that Jessie Eden was a woman who spent a lifetime fighting for justice, freedom and equality,” Murphy told The Telegraph.
The character does not get on with Thomas Shelby.
“She starts to do a lot of research on Tommy Shelby (played by Cillian Murphy) – what he owns, which is quite a lot of the factory itself, and what he does, which she doesn’t especially approve of. And, let’s just say that they don’t exactly see eye to eye,” she says.
Charlie is best known in Ireland for her role in Love/Hate but she has also starred in Rebellion, and Happy Valley as well as Philomena and '71 on the big screen.
Peaky Blinders series 4 begins on BBC One on Wednesday 15 November at 9pm.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.622845
Retrieved Text: Tani reached out to me when I was having a hard time and we’ve remained friends ever since. She’s incredibly driven and has some beautiful insight about life and stuff, generally. Enjoy.
1. What does your name mean to you?
My name is Tanitoluwa. Literal Definition: Who is as great as God. To me, this meaning is what gives me the push to try a little harder knowing no situation is greater than God. It is my all time reminder that “this too shall pass” and I’ll always WIN.
2. What’s your favorite childhood memory(ies)?
Top on the list has to be: being an only child for 8 years (getting spoilt rotten), Primary school excursions, basically just being my dad’s wing woman, Christmas holidays in Zaria and the harmattan that made you dress like it was Winter.
3. What is the unique thing about growing up female and Nigerian?
Hmmmmmm! The unique thing (which I hate) is having to prove that I am capable just because I am a woman. I probably won’t feel so bad if I was to prove my capability based on competencies. Secondly, the nonsense achievement that is attached to getting married (I am happily married) but then I hate when conversations with single ladies always have to end in “don’t go and marry“. It makes me sick.
4. How have you tackled any of these unique challenges?
As the only woman on a team of 10, I work extra hard and make sure my deliverables are unquestionable. So I don’t get the “It’s because you are a woman”. I

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.515633
Retrieved Text: What is love? Perhaps no word is so often used, yet so rarely defined. The meaning floats around in the air. We are sure it means something. But what? For most, love is no doubt a feeling, an emotional response to something we desire or like. It can be a football team, a car, a pizza, or a woman. But for Christians, this definition is not just inadequate, it is blasphemous. For us love is bound up with the character of Almighty God, especially in the supreme act of sending His only Begotten Son. All love must be boxed in by this definition. That means for us love is primarily sacrifice; a willingness to give up so others might have. Greater love as no man than this to lay down his life for his friends (John 15:13). But moderns love is about what we want and what we get. If we love this girl then we will gladly abandon wife and children for her. For the modern, greater love has no man than this, to get what he wants no matter who gets hurt. So love must be boxed in by God’s character. Here is my attempt to do that.
1. Love is not self-evident. Love must be defined and explained.
2. God is love. We cannot properly define love without the Triune God, Father, Son, and Holy Spirit. In the end, there is only the love of God. Hell will be a place of infinite hate. Heaven will be a place of infinite love. To speak of

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.464422
Retrieved Text: This quiz consists of 5 multiple choice and 5 short answer questions through Pedro Páramo, pages 47 - 61.
1. What does Eduviges want Juan to do before he goes to sleep?
(d) Find her missing horse.
2. What does the boy's mother want him to buy for her?
(b) Black taffeta and some aspirin.
3. How old is Damiana when her sister dies?
4. Why does the priest hate Miguel?
(a) He rapes his niece.
(b) He insults people and has no respect for anyone.
(c) All answers are correct.
(d) He murders his brother.
5. What does the burro driver tell Juan happens to don Pedro?
(a) He is "living bile".
(b) All answers are correct.
(c) He died years ago.
(d) He owns the Media Luna ranch.
1. What is sitting next to Juan when he wakes up?
2. Where is Miguel's spirit been seen in the first days after his death?
3. When Juan awakes, where does the woman say that Donis goes?
4. What does Osorio tell Dolores she must not do on her wedding night?
5. Where is Doña Eduviges' house located?
More summaries and resources for teaching or studying Pedro Paramo.
Pedro Paramo from BookRags. (c)2019 BookRags, Inc. All rights reserved.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.45245
Retrieved Text: Lil Twist Back in The Headlines – Did he Assault a Woman At Justin Bieber’s Home?
Lil Twist is at it again. For some reason the rich and the famous always believe they can get away with a crime. Well someone should tell Lil Twist he’s neither rich nor famous so he better man up for once and stop trying to hide behind Justin Bieber.
Lil twist has been accused by a unknown woman for allegedly grabbing her and trying to force her to stay at his good ole pal Justin’s house. No, Justin wasn’t there. Just was most likely with Selena Gomez at the time of incident.
In cases like these it’s difficult because its all he said, she said. What gives this woman some credibility is that she immediately went to the cops after the alleged incident occurred. So either she’s really good or Lil Twist has joined the Chris Brown section of the music industry.
But what happened? Did she realize Justin wasn’t there and tried to leave? I hate to say it, however Lil Twist believes in his own importance more than anyone else does. The scenario that the women might have been interested in Justin and not Lil Twist, could have offended Lil Twist and made him take things too far.
Is he guilty? What do you think Hiccuppers?
Robert Pattinson And Sarah Gadon Romance Heating Up?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.415504
Retrieved Text: One Million Moms — the matronly media watchdog arm of the American Family Association (which is a anti-gay hate group, by the way) — is asking the Swedish multinational clothing-retailer H&M to pull its video ad which features (as they put it) “what appears to be a man dressed as a woman in one segment.” The only problem: it isn’t a man dressed as a woman nor is it a transgender person at all: it’s a female boxer named Fatima Pinto.
Pink News points out that the ad does “fleetingly feature H&M model Hari Nef, who is transgender, but 1MM apparently didn’t notice”. Just goes to show that one million heads aren’t better than one; never mind that “One Million Moms” only has 86,964 Facebook followers — they’re as bad at gender policing as they are at math.
Here’s the video below. It actually features all sorts of androgynous women — we love it!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.385433
Retrieved Text: "Our lives aren't worth anything"
Thousands of Trans*Women live in the big cities of Turkey. There has been an increase in the murder of Trans*. Hate Crimes against Trans*Women are mostly not investigated. The perpetrators can usually rely on being exempted from prosecution.
How does hate murder develop? The film accompanies Ebru, a Trans*Woman from Istanbul who fights against the displacement and murder of her companions. She has experienced exclusion from state, society and family in her own life. She wants to change Turkish society with humour, self-irony and political acumen. She meets Margarethe, a 85-year-old German retired nurse and establishes with her an retirement home for Trans*. The film shows how hate speech develops to hate murder in a structure with many different components, how hate crime works as a system. Urban transformation of Istanbul and the protests around the Gezi Park in 2013 resonate throughout the film.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.30411
Retrieved Text: Not long ago a white man from Bosnia was beaten to death with hammers by a crowd of blacks in St. Louis as the area continues to experience race-based crimes. Now, in that same area, a white woman was pulled from her car by three black men and beaten early on Friday morning.
Even the police are finally calling this a possible hate crime for a change. Usually when ever a white person is targeted police suddenly find that “hate crime” doesn’t apply regardless of the situation.
St. Louis police are investigating an alleged hate crime in the Bevo neighborhood early this morning that left a 26-year-old woman beaten.
If this isn’t race-based crime… what is it?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.291925
Retrieved Text: It is an expression of affection in romantic relationships that come from within the two conjugal lovers. Love can be expressed in thousands of ways but nobody can say which one is the most satisfactory for them.
Elder women yearn for respect far more than the younger lot. So, pay her the respect she deserves. Never try to remind her of her actual age and dont ever take advantage of her age. She has seen a lot more of life. So, never take her for granted.
What Do Women Want In Men?
What makes a man ideal in the eyes of a woman? A woman needs continuous flow of love and affection from her man. The man is supposed to exchange a few words regarding any domestic, professional or personal issues with his wife.
Women hate men who lie. When she sees her man to be impractical and dishonest, then nothing can save the bond. If honesty and transparency is not there in a relationship, then whats the use of carrying it on?
Theres nothing wrong in being gay. Some people are born this way. Like being straight, it is just another natural way of expressing ones sexuality. Meanwhile, we all can hope for a better tomorrow for all gay people from all corners of the world.
Women always crave for real admiration. She doesnt want to be complimented for something that she doesnt have in her. Have you ever wondered what stirs women the most? Yes, you are righther mans words. But, what kind of words?
Should You Date A Married Woman?
Dating

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.25022
Retrieved Text: In the aftermath of the horrific tragedy during the Unite the Right rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, where one woman was killed after a car appeared to ram into a crowd of counter protesters, astroturfing gun controllers decided to blame gun control laws for the melee.
Michael Bloomberg’s’ failed gun control organizations Moms Demand and Everytown, claimed Virginia’s gun laws were to blame for the violence.
“The complications of such policies are on display today in Charlottesville as white supremacists openly carry loaded guns. Not only does this make the job of law enforcement more difficult by blurring the lines of lawful gun owners and those intent on doing harm, but it also drives intimidation and fear,” Everytown said in a statement.
Funny, since no guns were used in any crimes and the police were told to “stand down” by the left-wing mayor of Charlottesville, Wes Bellamy.
So, while the violence seemed to get out of control, the cops stood there and did nothing because that’s what they were told to do.
As hate crimes also appear to be on the rise, it remains far too easy for hateful people – even those convicted of certain hate crimes – to obtain guns. Under federal law, many hate crime convictions do not currently make someone ineligible for gun ownership,” the Everytown statement said.
“With public attention on what is happening in Charlottesville, it’s important to understand the troubling reality of open-carry and what happens when guns fall into hate-filled hands.
Again, there was not one incident reported that involved a person using a firearm to

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.232082
Retrieved Text: I write periodically about political issues and in re-doing the indexing of the webpage, I’m gathering all those posts together so people can find them easily. It’s a long list, so I want to break it apart into groups, and to be honest, I have trouble with that. Categorizing things has never been easy for me. Most things could fit into more than one category, but if I put most things in multiple categories then this page will be messy and complicated. So I’m leaving things where they best seem suited. For now.
What is social assistance about anyway?
Inside the mall or outside: thoughts on the allegiance to capitalism.
Visiting our MPP’s office: day 2 of the S-CAP 11 trial.
Where will our occupying take us?
the importance of “paid journalism” or my response to Sudbury wikileaks.
A Plan to Strengthen What???!!
I’m a woman, not a cis-woman.
Does everyone really hate environmentalists and feminists, and if so, what can we do about it?
Benefit Street: If this is entertainment….
What would it take to get me to use public transit?
Why those who liked The Story of Stuff by Annie Leonard should be supporting First Nations rights, right now.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.171953
Retrieved Text: How naive that sounds today. In this age of echo chambers and filter bubbles, it is, many insist, better to settle a question than to debate it, better to be certain that one is right than to risk being proved wrong.
On perhaps no issue has the question of what can or cannot be debated been more sharply contested than that of transgenderism. How should society, and the law, look upon people who were born male but see themselves as female? Trying to answer that question has led to bitter confrontations between trans activists, determined to secure full rights for trans people, and “gender critical” feminists worried that the notion of what it is to be a woman is being transformed to the detriment of women’s rights.
In Britain, the government’s consultation on proposed changes to the Gender Recognition Act ended last month. At its heart was the question of whether trans people can decide for themselves what should be their legally defined gender.
For trans people, the freedom to define themselves is vital. To question, as many feminists do, whether a trans woman is “really a woman” is, activists insist, to threaten the individual’s identity. It does irreparable harm by subjecting trans people to mental trauma and giving succour to violent bigots. “I deeply resent the idea that my identity gets to be ‘debated’ in the first place,” wrote the American activist Jennifer Finney Boylan.
Many feminists insist, however, that there is a difference between acknowledging that trans women see themselves as female and counting them as women in

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.074505
Retrieved Text: One time, it is a good story.
One hundred times, it is a good writer.
With your first step, you learn to walk.
The love of creation does NOT equal the rate of appreciation.
In fact, you must create at least one hundred things before you get one appreciation. Maybe.
Be patient, be prolific, believe in yourself.
This can be your prayer!
Nobody is banging down your door, and you are NOT the best.
This does not mean they will not answer nor that you might be very, very, very good.
Say your name out loud, look at yourself in the mirror.
Note every detail you hate about yourself, then match each with a detail even you cannot argue is a virtue.
Your capacity for despair is a gift, you are strong in body and spirit.
The why and the what for and the what if and the whole big scary thing.
Don’t worry so much about your mother because your father is a good man.
Stop running, hiding, apologizing, second-guessing, crushing your beauty!
Your mother is a good woman, too, and it’s because you love her so much that you are so afraid.
One time, you can be a girl, wonder why, who you can blame.
The hundredth time, you finally understand, you bear your unique and beautiful weight, you become a woman.
Cette entrée, publiée dans Uncategorized, est marquée dreams, forgiveness, love, strength. Mettre ce permalien en signet.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.037262
Retrieved Text: County prosecutors in Illinois are considering felony hate crime charges against the Chicago man accused of berating a woman at a forest preserve last month for wearing a shirt emblazoned with the flag of Puerto Rico.
The review comes as pressure mounts from political and legal circles to upgrade the charges against Timothy G. Trybus for his rant last month that was caught on video by the victim.
It also comes as news broke late Wednesday of the resignation of the forest preserve officer who was seen on the video seeming to ignore the woman’s calls for assistance.
Trybus is currently facing charges of misdemeanor assault and misdemeanor disorderly conduct, but on Wednesday, Cook County Commissioner Jesus “Chuy” Garcia, D-Chicago, released a statement calling on the Cook County state’s attorney to lodge stiffer charges.
“A charge for simple assault or disorderly conduct is not sufficient, this incident must be investigated and charged as a hate crime,” Garcia said in a statement.
On Wednesday afternoon, the Chicago-based Puerto Rican Bar Association of Illinois called for hate crime charged against Trybus.
Cook County state’s attorney’s office spokesman Robert Foley said Wednesday that prosecutors were reviewing the case and considering whether to file hate crime charges, but that no decision had been made as of Wednesday afternoon. He would not comment further on the case.
The June 14 incident, which was captured on video at Caldwell Woods on Chicago’s Far Northwest Side, came to light Monday; it prompted an apology from Cook County Board President Toni Preckwinkle, who later said she expressed her regrets in a

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.03384
Retrieved Text: "Who Will Send Me Nudes On Snapchat in Lidingö"
I am a guy looking for a casual woman not girl, a woman.
No comments as all. My weight is my problem and I decide when and how I want to lose it.
I am looking for a kind, honest romantic who enjoys traveling and keeping busy exploring lif.
Looking for good one who are looking for good one coz I assure u that I will be ur success life partner and this is my promis.
I'm looking for a Jewish Woman who understands flexibility; also knows how to treat a gentleman in the same manner that she want.
Hi.i hate this part.. I'm am open book Ask me anything.
I've been at it for hmmm about on and off 6 years OLD. The guy may have lost interest, WHATEVER really i've had guys re-appear days later (deal breaker). So either way does not matter to me. I'm just very sick of this happening. They are so so soooo into me on the dates and I show interest and they show interest then they peace out? Or act not interested and take days to get back to me? Ummmm what girl is ok with this crap?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.0228
Retrieved Text: What if I told you I’m not coming back?
Hope that you’re fine. I’m in Perth, spending my second summer this year. I know, as much as you know, that one summer per year is usually enough. Somehow this year, I need another summer to think about those summers I drowned on disappointment; to send you what I hope would be my last one way postcard.
Andalusia, ask me again how I feel about this summer. I will give you my favorite answer I’ve been annually telling you since I left, “I am in love, again. With another woman.” But we both know the ending as much as we know the beginning: this woman is not you. I repeat it each year that now I hate July and the beach and the sun and how I hope that I see myself in your eyes. Now you’re getting married, I will hate more yet I will hate less, I promise.
Andalusia, I’m sorry. I really am. I wish you a never ending happy adventure.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.019112
Retrieved Text: My Parents Hate My Girlfriend!
Q: My parents hate my girlfriend—especially my mother. She is constantly telling me that she doesn’t trust her and that I can do better. My father just sits there. I know I am going to marry this woman—I have already bought the ring. My mother knows as well and just keeps telling me that I am making a huge mistake. My girlfriend is amazing, she is taking everything with stride and is bending over backwards to win them over (see why I want to marry this woman!) What can I do? She doesn’t deserve this.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.000477
Retrieved Text: How well do you know Lister's dream woman?
1. What rank did Kristine Kochanski hold aboard Red Dwarf?
2. What is Kochanski's middle initial?
3. In which episode did Kochanski join the regular crew from another dimension?
4. What role did Kochanski's boyfriend Tim hold aboard Red Dwarf?
5. According to dialogue in Duct Soup: Xtended, what does Kochanski call her brother?
6. Which movie is guaranteed to render Kochanski mute with sadness?
7. In which hotel did Kochanski of the past spend her honeymoon with Lister?
8. What was the name of Kochanski's childhood pony?
9. Who was the first actress to play Kochanski on-screen?
10. Which crew member stood in as Kochanski for the final scene of Stasis Leak?
11. In which magazine does 'Chloë Annett' feature in Back to Earth?
12. How many episodes had passed between her previous appearance and Kochanki's brief return in Psirens?
13. When teasing Lister, how many men does Chen claim he can name who have slept with Kochanski?
14. What shocking news does the Kochanski hallucination give Lister during Psirens?
15. According to Infinity Welcomes Careful Drivers, what language is Kochanski learning?
16. What does Kryten claim happened to Kochanski before the events of Back to Earth?
17. After he 'borrowed' her hologrammatic body, what part of Kochanski's anatomy was left attached to Rimmer?
18. Which of these is not a noise made by the pipes in Kochanski's quarters?
19. What form of ablution does Kochanski hate?
20. Which Jane Austen story does Kochanski take Lister and Cat to explore in Artificial Reality?

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.964495
Retrieved Text: Daniel D’Orsi, 22, is yet another victim of violent assault apparently motivated, in part, by the perpetrator’s hatred of people perceived to be gay.
According to Bay Windows, D’Orsi was robbed and attacked May 6 while the alleged perpetrator yelled anti-gay slurs. Police say the suspect may have tried to attack a woman in the same neighborhood about a week earlier — and therefore, police reason, the attack on D’Orsi was not a hate crime. Bay Windows does not indicate whether the woman might have been perceived to be lesbian.
Eleven days later, on May 15, three men assaulted a 23-year-old Sacramento gay man just hours after the California Supreme Court ruling on marriage rights for gay Californians.
While refusing to acknowledge the ongoing wave of antigay violence, Exodus executive vice president repeated his claim May 16 that so-called hate crimes represent “freedom of conscience and religious liberty,” and that Exodus opposes laws that limit supposed speech — even, apparently, if that “speech” occurs (in Boston) in the form of a kick to the face, a broken cheekbone, and reconstructive surgery.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.950798
Retrieved Text: A new arrival with a dark secret adds her story to Stephen King's fantasy epic! As Roland and Eddie continue their quest for the third member of their ka-tet, they encounter the wealthy yet mysterious Odetta Holmes. But to learn what made Odetta the woman she is, we'll have to go all the way back to the beginning. Witness the fateful moment that changed Odetta forever and forced her to face her demons. Learn the Man in Black's plans for the young Odetta, and discover what role Roland the Gunslinger played when the girl was at her most vulnerable. But nothing will prepare you for the unforgettable entrance of the hate-fueled Detta Walker! Who is the Lady of Shadows, and does even she know the truth about herself? Collecting DARK TOWER: THE DRAWING OF THE THREE - LADY OF SHADOWS #1-5.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.918245
Retrieved Text: A single mother/waitress, a misanthropic author, and a gay artist form an unlikely friendship after the artist is in an accident.
Melvin Udall: People who talk in metaphors oughta shampoo my crotch.
Melvin Udall: Don't be pessimistic, it's not your style. Okay, here I go: Clearly, a mistake. I've got this, what – ailment? My doctor, a shrink that I used to go to all the time, he says that in fifty or sixty percent of the cases, a pill really helps. I *hate* pills, very dangerous thing, pills. Hate. I'm using the word "hate" here, about pills. Hate. My compliment is, that night when you came over and told me that you would never… all right, well, you were there, you know what you said. Well, my compliment to you is, the next morning, I started taking the pills.
Carol Connelly: …That's maybe the best compliment of my life.
Receptionist: I can't resist! You usually move through here so quickly and I just have so many questions I want to ask you. You have no idea what your work means to me.
Melvin Udall: What does it mean to you?
Receptionist: … to be in here.
Melvin Udall: Oh God, this is like a nightmare.
Receptionist: Oh come on! Just a couple of questions. How hard is that?
Melvin Udall: Where do they teach you to talk like this? In some Panama City "Sailor wanna hump-hump" bar, or is it getaway day and your last shot at his whiskey? Sell crazy someplace else, we're all stocked up here.
Melvin Udall: [to a group of depressed

================



======= Instance Index 43 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: When in Rome, do as the Romans do, they say.

W: What do the Romans do?

M: They live in Rome, of course, and go to work by car or bus. But sometimes it takes too long that way because of the traffic jams, so they walk.

W: In other words, the Romans do what everyone else does.

M: Yes, but they do it differently. Everything is different.

W: What do you mean?

M: Well, the climate is different for a start. It doesn't rain so much as it does in England. The sun shines more often.

W: I envy them for the sun.

M: I Know. You hate the rain, don't you?

W: I certainly do.

M: And a Roman really loves life. They always eat spaghetti and drink wine.

W: Not always, but they like a good meal. Lots of tourists go to Rome just for food.

M: Sure.

Question: What do lots of tourists go to Rome for? 

- Different.

- Shining sun.

- Food.

Target Text: Food.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 26.853441
Retrieved Text: While many businesses have reopened by now, there are still plenty of Romans, and lots of tourists, who continue to enjoy the holidays. And all you need to do is walk down the streets of Rome at night. You’ll quickly discover that the city is lit up like a birthday cake!
In certain streets, shop-keepers band together to set up these seemingly endless chains of lights; in the more central parts of Rome they’re erected by the city. This particularly dazzling series of lights is brought to us courtesy of the Italian electric company.
You can try to imagine what it’s like to wander around the historic center of the city of Rome, surrounded by spectacular lights like these … or you can come to see it all for yourself, in person! Maybe next Christmas?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 24.642216
Retrieved Text: Rome Disabled Access – Ancient Roman ruins, spectacular renaissance art, and fabulous Italian dining make Rome one of the most popular tourist destinations in the world. Disabled travelers will encounter several challenges in Rome including uneven ground in the Roman ruins, cobblestones on the streets, and few accessible transportation options.
Although Rome disabled access is not as good as other European cities, accessibility at Roman tourist attractions, restaurants, and hotels is sufficient to ensure that accessible holidays are possible for people with all types of disabilities.
World Class Destination – Rome is the 3rd most popular city for tourists in Europe….and there’s a reason for it. The ancient ruins, Renaissance art, and Vatican City are absolutely spectacular. Many cities in Europe present accessibility challenges….in Rome it’s worth tackling them.
Accessible Dining Options – In several areas of the city, numerous restaurants with outdoor accessible dining are grouped in a single place. Rather than search block after block for a Rome wheelchair accessible restaurant, you can plan your day to finish at places like the Piazza Navona or Campo de Fiori (shown in the picture on the right) for numerous accessible restaurants to choose from. Many of our Rome wheelchair accessible hotels are located near accessible restaurants.
You can bypass the steep ramp – In 2009, an outdoor elevator was installed at the Roman Forum so wheelchair tourists will no longer need to push up the long steep ramp to get up to the street level. Accessibility at the Roman Forum is some of the most challenging in the city.
Accessible Tours

########
Rank: 2
Score: 24.486378
Retrieved Text: One of the best pieces of travel advice for Rome I've ever gotten was to do the Forum and the Colosseum on separate days. Don’t forget to book your tickets in advance (see booking checklist)! They are both packed with tourists and are relatively exhausting yet fascinating sites.
Personally, I love the Forum even more than the Colosseum. However, it is very difficult to appreciate without some sort of guide. Use the Rick Steves audioguide to make the most of your visit. Audioguides are also really useful when you are simultaneously chasing a toddler.
My buddy Rick really brings the Forum to life and you can picture what it was like to live in Ancient Rome! Also, it is just mind boggling how old many of the ruins are!
Your ticket also covers Palatine Hill, which most tourists skip, but you are smarter than that! It's not as crowded as the Forum so children tend to do better here. There are green spaces and low walls for climbing. If your kids are antsy, you have my permission to walk quickly through the Forum and then continue your admiring from above on Palatine Hill.
After The Forum, explore the Monti District. If your kids are young, go home for a siesta first because you’ll likely want to linger here. This is a quaint village-like area of Rome with a lot of local people hanging out. Fancier restaurant option: La Taverna dei Monti: Via del Boschetto 41, otherwise use my map to find a delicious place!
There are less fancy options all around,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 24.425856
Retrieved Text: After reading blogs and searching on google, I picked the Trastevere (meaning "across the Tiber") neighbourhood for my stay in Rome. I booked my hotels there only knowing that it was a great place to explore with great restaurants. I didn't delve into much more reasoning. And I was so happy that I stayed in Trastevere because I had the best time in Rome because of it. I LOVE LOVE this neighbourhood! I always felt excited to come back to my hotel in Trastevere after sightseeing all day. It felt like home to me.
1. Less touristy - although Trastevere is not devoid of tourists but it is still less busy compared to the City Centre. It's not brimming with tourists. Although I did spot a few guided tours during the day but it's not crowded as the Termini station area.
2. Great location - I didn't know until I arrived in Rome that most of the tourist sites will be walking distance from Trastevere. I was so happy that I didn't have to take the bus/tram all the time since it was always packed. I ended up walking to get to the tourist sites. The Vatican was only a 15 minute walk, the Colosseum about 20 minutes, everything can be reached by foot. It was a great way to see Rome! And if you don't want to walk, you can take the tram or bus to get to the different piazza's and sites.
3. Amazing restaurants - As a person who loves to eat, this was what drew

########
Rank: 4
Score: 24.386152
Retrieved Text: They're among Rome's most famous tourist attractions: Costumed centurion impersonators who photobomb tourists throughout the city. But soon, writes Reuters, the annoyingly assertive Roman warriors will truly be a thing of the past. In a move aimed at protecting tourists, Rome has banned centurions.
At first glance, modern-day centurions have little in common with their ancient forebears. They are most often spotted near historically significant sites throughout Rome, pulling rickshaws or posing with tourists. Today, anyone with a costume can become a Roman centurion, but it was harder to gain the title in ancient Rome. Known for their elaborate ranks and political power, ancient centurions were military officers who enforced discipline among the greater army. Discipline isn't the strong suit of contemporary centurions, however, who are known for harassing and even attacking tourists.
Officials claim that it's necessary to rid Rome of centurions to protect visitors from such aggressive sales tactics, writes Reuters. The move comes in anticipation of the Jubilee of Mercy, a year-long Catholic event that is expected to bring millions of pilgrims to Rome.
But the Eternal City's historical impersonators won't go down without a fight. Centurions, many of whom hail from poorer areas of Rome, argue that the ban will cast them into Italy's growing ranks of unemployed workers. Reuters reports that one centurion even scaled the walls of the Colosseum to protest the order—a move that also raised questions about city-wide safety. Writes Reuters, "The fact someone had evaded security at one of Italy's most-visited sites and police were powerless to intervene caused concern

########
Rank: 5
Score: 24.322891
Retrieved Text: People often think of Vatican City as part of Rome, but it's really a separate entity. Vatican City can easily be visited as part of a Rome vacation. Saint Peter's Square and Basilica, the Sistine Chapel, and the extensive Vatican Museums are the main sites. Plan to spend at least half a day.
The Via Appia Antica, old Appian Way Road, was the major road of the ancient Roman Empire. It's now a regional park, Parco Regionale Dell'Appia Antica, and there are several catacombs to visit.
From Rome, take bus 118 or 218 to get to the catacombs of San Callisto, the largest and most impressive of the catacombs. From there you can walk or bike along the ancient road, lined with tombs and churches. A beautiful place for lunch on Via Appia Antica is the Cecilia Metella Restaurant, especially when it is nice and you can sit on the patio or pack a picnic. Sunday is the best day to go when much of the Appian Way is closed to traffic.
The ruins of the ancient Roman port of Ostia Antica are well worth a visit. You can easily spend several hours wandering around the old streets, shops, and houses of this huge complex that generally sees far fewer tourists than Pompeii. To get there, take the Metro Line B to Piramide or Magliana and take the Ostia Lido train from there.
Perched atop tufa cliffs, the Umbrian hill town of Orvieto makes an impressive sight. Inhabited since Etruscan times, Orvieto's monuments and museums cover millenniums of history. Orvieto's

########
Rank: 6
Score: 23.968946
Retrieved Text: One day in Rome: what to do, where to go, where to eat?
One day in Rome: what to do and where to go?
One day in Rome is not the best plan. Though I fully understand, that sometimes tourists and travelers can be pressed for time. Therefore I compiled all my experience and knowledge to make the following travel plan for those who is going to stay in the Italian capital for one day only.
My plan for one day in Rome began with a paper map. I took it in the hotel, pointed the dot of my current location. It was quite in the city centre and I decided to walk all the day. That was a wise decision, because with ever step I made that day, I learnt new in a new city for me. And I was very lucky, that all my friends were away from the city that day and I could fully enjoy strolling alone, but not being lonely.
There were a lot interesting people on my way: from policemen pointing the right directions, to true Roman old men sitting on the chairs at the middle of tiny streets busy with coffee and loud talks.
The first place I came to was Vatican. A nice start of one day in Rome. The square, the colonnade, the Cathedral and the crowd made my first impression of this little, but so powerful country. What I did when I came there? To relax a bit, I found a place in a shadow (the temperature was about +40), made

########
Rank: 7
Score: 23.855497
Retrieved Text: Roman markets : how markets in Rome can be fun things to do.
Roman markets: how markets in Rome can be fun things to do.
Shopping in Rome, Italy, can be tedious for kids. Here's how to make Roman markets one of the fun things to do in Rome for kids and adults alike.
Visiting Roman markets is amongst the best things to do in Rome to experience all the chaotic, vivid life the city has to offer. Go there preparing to be entertained.
Campo dei Fiori market, Rome, in November.
You're likely to come across small street markets in Rome just wandering round the city, but if you want to hunt out some of the bigger ones these are our favourites.
Most are close to the big Rome tourist attractions so plan to combine a sightseeing tour to please adults followed by a market visit, which kids and adults alike will love.
The street markets in Rome that take place throughout the year are also fun to visit as they normally sell a good variety of local produce, handicrafts and clothes. If you're planning a trip to Rome in the winter months for example, you'll want to look at the daily Christmas Roman markets held on the Piazza Navona to stock up on festive Italian specialities.
One word of warning - and this would go for any busy market anywhere in the world - be careful of your purse or wallet. Pickpockets know that the more famous and therefore crowded markets in Rome are places where tourists are to be found. That said,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 23.847326
Retrieved Text: Are you among those who have tried traveling to Italy? Well, should your answer be no, then you are advised to list include Italy in your travel bucketlist. Continue reading this article should you want to discover more of these Italy tours.
There are lots of travelers and tourists out there who believed that Italy is one of the must-be visited countries due to its tourist attractions. Annually, there are many travelers from different countries who visited Italy. They come in groups, families, individually or as couples. It is among the top tourist destinations that we should look forward to. You can come across rising number of individuals who are attracted and who plan to visit Italy because they want to see its monumental buildings, historic architectures, scenic landscapes as well as taste its diverse cuisines. You can find lots of travelers who considered Italy to be one of their most valued, memorable and cherished travels. Discover more Italian tours and travel destinations below.
More and more individuals travel to Italy because of its rich history, culture, ambiance and tourist attractions. For these reasons, travelers often get confused on which places to visit first.
At present, the country has efficient railway system as well as flight networks, thus making it possible for travelers to combine different locations in their single Italian tour. Today, there are lots of travel companies and agencies that give tourists the freedom to customize their Italy tour packages in accordance with their requirements and preferences. Tourists have the freedom of choice in selecting the places

########
Rank: 9
Score: 23.534771
Retrieved Text: For those fond of travelling abroad it is important to know which places people like most. Although there are lots of places to visit every country, but recently the tour planner Trip Adviser has released a list, which has been told about the Top 10 most visited tourists spot in the world 2018. There is no place of India in Top 10 lists.
According to the report, the Colosseum of Rome was at number one in the top 10 list. After this, the Museum of Vatican City and number three in New York's Statue of Liberty Recorded foreign tourists in all three places recorded their presence However, none of India's tourist destinations can be found in this list. Even the seventh wonder Taj Mahal of the world could not be included in this list.
According to online reports, this list has been created after the analysis of Tourist Place booked on 1.4 lakh sites across the world. Trip Advisor ranked his most booked tourist spaces for 2018and said that the first-rank colosiac is a former gladiator area, which is approximately 2,000 years old and can have more than 50,000 tourists at one go.
There is a huge collection of art collected by priests from the Vatican museums for hundreds of years, including important examples of Roman sculpture and Renaissance art. Selected by Gallery Space, it is the world's fifth largest art museum. The Statue of Liberty recognized as the universal symbol of freedom and democracy is present at the port of New York from 1886. According to Heli Coleman,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 23.530449
Retrieved Text: Rome is a very good choice for a trip if you are a single woman. The city is quite safe overall and offers a range of entertainment and excitement that can satisfy all your needs.
Of course, travelling alone could present some risks, whether you are a male or female. Luckily, simply using common sense is more than enough to enjoy your stay in Rome while being safe. The center of the city is rather safe even for a lonely traveler: there are always people in these areas and police discreetly monitor the major avenues. In the major entertainment areas of Rome, everybody is engaged in having a good time and you can enjoy the Eternal City without fear.
The major areas for entertainment are the historical center, the Prati neighborhood, Testaccio, San Lorenzo, Trastevere, Ponte Milvio and Ostiense. In all these areas you can expect to find typical Roman pizzerias and trattorias, good restaurants, bars and pubs.
During the days, you will probably stroll across the historical center, where the most famous monuments and museums are located, or Prati and the surrounding areas, where Vatican City, St. Peter’s Basilica and the Vatican Museums are. During the nights you will likely want to visit the other areas.
Prati is a regular maze of elegant streets. If you are looking for foreign food, here you can find some of the top Japanese, Chinese, Indian and Mexican restaurants, among the others. Prati is an elegant area, here you can also find some classy bars, pubs, jazz clubs and one of the best

########
Rank: 11
Score: 23.52244
Retrieved Text: « Finally photos of the last couple weeks!
This entry was posted on Thursday, June 26th, 2008 at 12:41 and is filed under Blogroll.	You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed.
Ahhhhh Rome…looking at your pictures brings back happy memories of that city. I don’t recognize the big brass looking sphere though that you took several pictures of. what’s that all about?
I agree with you about the Coliseum…unimpressed. That city is amazing though. I’m glad you got a chance to walk around for several days straight. The lines for the sights are a lot like the Navy…they can take the fun out of ANYTHING.
WOW..tomorrow night Clapton! That should be a good time. Hopefully you got decent seats and will be able to actually see him play rather than paying to see him on some megatron screen.
Sounds like you’re doing good…keep it up and we’ll see you back in the States soon! Corinna is getting bigger…I put together a crib last night…I couldn’t believe it while I was doing it…kind of an out of body experience. We had a baby shower in New Jersey last weekend…nothing like having a party and getting baby rattles and gift cards to Babies R Us and Baby Gap!
P.S. No more stories about your bowel movements please…stick to the sights and sounds of Europe.
AWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I LOVE THE UPDATE!!!!! You sound like such a vagabond – I love it!
I can’t believe you’re in Paris right

########
Rank: 12
Score: 23.491661
Retrieved Text: How much does it cost to spend the weekend in Rome? How to get from the airport to the city center for little money? How to run away from the Eternal City for a half a day to the Tyrrhenian Sea and spend only 1.5 euros? And is it true that Rome has the most delicious gelato? We have been there, tried, and we know. And therefore we will answer all the questions that you will definitely have if you decide to arrange the Roman holidays.
Rome cannot be called a moderate European city. It is noisy and hectic. Filled with crowds of tourists and those wishing to make good money on them. This is not the city where you should go at random, without planning a trip. And definitely not looking for housing when you are already there. Especially on the day of religious celebration, when pilgrims storm the Vatican. Tips for tourists in Rome will be very useful! This is a small guide and practical advice from IGotoWorld for those who are going to the Eternal City.
Preparation for a trip to Rome begins with a road. Of course, all roads lead to Rome. But it is most convenient to take advantage of air travel. And these are the airports of Fiumicino and Ciampino.
The Fiumicino Airport is somewhere about 30 km from the center of Rome. This is a huge modern airport, where you will find a charging station for charging your devices, a little wifi, coffee in a vending machine for 1 euro and all

########
Rank: 13
Score: 23.414505
Retrieved Text: Moving from one location to another within Rome is easy because of the various types of transportation in the city. Travelers can choose between public and private transport depending on their transportation needs. Here are some of the options you have for transportation within the Italian capital.
Exploring Rome on the tram is ideal for visitors that want to enjoy move short distances while enjoying the feeling of riding them. Unfortunately, the six trams in the city do not get to the city center with a few lines having exit points at the popular neighborhood of Trastevere. Additionally, the price of a ticket is 1.50 euros that last approximately one hundred minutes.
Taking a bus is one of the best ways to the city for those traveling alone or with friends. Rome has over three hundred bus lines that move within the city and to its outskirts. Information about the routes are available at most bus stops making it easier to know the arrival and departure of the public vehicles. Bus tickets are available at most convenience stores, news-stands and metro stations.
Traveling by train is ideal for tourists intending to live outside Rome but plan to visit the city center on a regular basis. The trains use urban railway lines to connect to various parts of the city from 5: 30 in the morning to 10: 30 in the evening. Rome Lido is quite popular with tourists because it has an exit at famous sites. Train ticket costs are similar to those of the Metro because they are

########
Rank: 14
Score: 23.208618
Retrieved Text: After four days in Athens (read about our Greek adventures here and here in case you missed it), we flew into the Eternal City, Rome. We were to meet my parents there and take our Mediterranean cruise the following day. The very first thing that shocked us was the taxi fare. Coming from Greece where everything is cheap, a 10-min ride for 50 euro seemed to be a little too much! But we were very glad to meet my parents. In the evening, we decided to go out into the city. The hotel ran cheap shuttles to and from the city, so we took it to see Rome. Driving by the ancient ruins was very exciting! We arrived near the Altare della Patria (Altar of the Fatherland), or the National Monument to Victor Emmanuel II, which is also known as "the wedding cake" due to its dominating size and pompous and un-matching architecture. Not unmatched, but un-matching, as in not fitting the Medieval neighborhood.
We walked among thousands of tourists, took pictures, and had wonderful Italian pizza. It has very thin crust and white sauce, which makes it deliciously different from pizza that we are used to. Ancient buildings several feet below the current street levels (due to time and numerous floods that would bring dirt to the roads) were breathtaking and made me really understand why Rome is called the Eternal City.
During the first night in Rome we visited the Trevi Fountain, which is truly breathtaking. According to the legend, those who throw a coin into

########
Rank: 15
Score: 23.175055
Retrieved Text: Rome, the Eternal city, is on many people’s bucket list. Everyone wants to get a glimpse of the history itself. And that’s just one of many things that Rome has to offer.
We’ve been to Rome for a few days and here’s a list of the things we’ve done. If you’re looking to visit the capital of Italy any time soon, this list may help you out with ideas on things to do.
The number one attraction in Rome is, of course, the Colosseum. Most of the tourists come to visit it so be prepared to wait in line if you want to go inside. However, if your time is limited, just taking a picture of one of the Wanders of the World is worth it alone.
As one of the oldest cities in Europe and the World, Rome is full of historic sites worth a visit. A number of magnificent basilicas and churches make the city wonder-lust worthy. Be sure to visit the ruins of the Roman forum – the heart of the Roman Empire.
Fountains in Rome are a thing to behold. There’s so much detail and embellishment in them, you can hear them tell the stories of the great past of the city. There are a number of places to hang out, from the magnificent Trevi Fountain to smaller but none the less impressive fountains.
It was once the first place to see in Rome when you arrived to the city. The square is inside the northern gate of the ancient Rome and it’s the starting point of

########
Rank: 16
Score: 22.97077
Retrieved Text: For as many times as I have been there, I have never had troubles finding incredible things do to in Rome. The range of Rome attractions is just fabulous. I don’t think many other places in the world can offer such a great mixture of historical landmarks, archaeological sites, churches, museums, antique and modern art. The only one I can think of is Jerusalem, and even then the Israeli capital, to me, lacks the grandeur that Rome has.
But aside from the many tourist attractions in Rome, I enjoy its amazing restaurants and “trattorie” – where the locals also go; I would never stop eating the fantastic street food and gelato; and I find the attitude and the dry sense of humor of the locals incredibly funny.
Rome is vibrant and lively; it’s chaotic yet lovely; it’s dirty yet utterly gorgeous. It is a place anybody should travel to, at least once in a lifetime – but more than that, if possible. I have lived there and could not get enough of it: there are simply too many places to visit in Rome.
There’s only one issue that travelers may have when they visit Rome: it is a major tourist site and tourist attractions in Rome do get crowded, with lines that can at times be discouraging and make them regret going, especially if they only have a couple of days to visit. Sure enough, I don’t like waiting in line for hours. But worry not! I know what to do in Rome, and have tips to avoid the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 22.765167
Retrieved Text: After living in Rome for five years and traveling a lot, I’m sure that nothing can be better than explore the new city during the sunrise. In the morning, Rome is not crowded by tourists and weather is not that hot as during the day time. Moreover, when the city wakes up and birds start to sing, the Eternal city will belong only to you.
I invite you to see the “Real Rome” with which I fell in love from the first sight and it became my home. Undoubtedly, this walk will become one of the brightest memories about your trip and you would love to repeat this experience in every new city you visit. Moreover, we will discover the most interesting and significant places of the city, avoiding the usual tourists’ paths and spend this day as the local Romans do.
We will start our exploration of the city with the main site – the Colosseum.
The Roman Forum from the best observation deck. There is a special excursion inside the Roman Forum, which lasts for 2 hours.
All the sites, squares and monuments in almost empty and convenient Rome! We will do 1-2 stops in Roman café bars, visit beautiful churches, so the time will fly.
The real Italian breakfast, like locals do. Do you want cappuccino +croissant for 2-3 euro? Do you usually pay more?
Note: coffee and sweets are not included in the price; thus, are charged separately.
I recommend you options of 7 or 8-hours. Spends your time in Rome with the maximum comfort and efficiency in the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 22.625034
Retrieved Text: My fiance and I are having the hardest time deciding where to go for our honeymoon. This is our first time to Italy, and I was an art history minor in college, and he is a huge history buff (concentration in WWII and European history). Strangely enough, from what we have read and seen on TV so far, HE is more interested in Florence, while I am more interested in Rome! (of course we both want to do it all, but we have to choose! We only have 10 days.) We also definitely agree that we both would like several days of our honeymoon to be relaxing on the coast, after the stress of the wedding.
While I really want to see Florence, I am more drawn to Rome, and it may sound silly, but I want so desperately to see two Carravagio paintings that are in the Vatican, that I want to go there there the most, just for that, more than the whole city of Florence put together.
His concerns about Rome are that the city is too "big and dirty" (a very "helpful" friend put that thought in his head). He is NOT a fan of New York (we live in rural VT), and someone compared Rome to NY City to him, which didn't help.
The Cinque Terre does NOT seem very romantic to me, and we also aren't that interested in doing a lot of hiking on our honeymoon. But that would be a closer trip if we go to Florence. From what I have

########
Rank: 19
Score: 22.602415
Retrieved Text: Multigenerational travel can pose some difficult challenges, given the likely spread in interests between adults and younger family members.
I couldn’t provide a definitive answer to that question without knowing a lot more about your family than I do, but I can at least offer something of a framework for you—and others—to make some decisions.
Sightseeing. Italy provides some of the world’s top sightseeing—the Alps and Dolomites for mountains and scenic valleys, the fabulous lakes, the incredible Mediterranean coastlines, and a wide variety of charming villages and small towns—and Greece isn’t far behind, especially for its islands.
History and culture. The Parthenon, Delphi, Roman Forum, Vatican, Florence’s museums, San Marco, the Last Supper, Milan Cathedral—what need I possibly say about many of the Western world’s all-star attractions?
Lying on the beach. You wouldn’t go all the way to Italy or Greece for just the beaches, but if you’re there already, you have some good options: Italy’s Tuscan, Venetian, and Neapolitan “Rivieras,” and the Greek Islands, all with lots of hotels right on the beach.
Living the local life. You won’t find better food anywhere than in Italy’s zillions of ordinary restaurants (although you can also find three-star stuff if you like it better), and sipping ouzo in a Greek cafe is one of Europe’s great experiences.
Socializing. In my experience, many teens and young adults are more interested in socializing with other teens and young adults than in going along with their parents. Depending on their back-home relationships, they might even be seeking a brief “summer romance.” During the summer, when students

########
Rank: 20
Score: 22.399698
Retrieved Text: Yesterday it was Bea’s turn to see Rome. We got off the train and headed straight to the Vatican. Bea wants to be an artist and I thought the Sistine Chapel might inspire her. She is also very keen on religion. We passed a shop with lots of pictures of the Pope outside.
“Is that God?” she asked.
The Christmas tree and the crib were a great hit with her. Nothing excites Bea quite as much as the sight of a “Baby Jesus”. Sadly there was a queue of about two miles to get into the museum so it was either wait there all day or save Michelangelo for another time and see some of Rome.
We headed for the Pantheon first. Bea thought it was fine, but was rather more interested in the shops. She managed to find a charming sequined hat (pink of course). Just like her sister, she loved the Trevi Fountain, which confirms my theory that it is a fountain built for children.
We sat in the afternoon sun at the top of the Spanish Steps while she drew two pictures of the view below us. She knows it is my favourite place in Rome and was scandalised to see some McDonald’s cups abandonded on the steps.
I wonder if one day when she is a groovy young art student she will come back to the Spanish Steps and sell her drawings to lucky tourists.
Today is New Year’s Day. I lay awake most of the night listening to Italians driving home from their parties, wondering what resolutions

########
Rank: 21
Score: 22.348387
Retrieved Text: Our final honeymoon stop will be Rome. I've been to Rome before, on a whirlwind Italy and Greece tour with six girlfriends, but I'm so excited to stroll the streets with Ian. We planned Rome as our final stop since we figured by then we might be ready for some more action and Rome is a fast-paced city with LOTS of sights to see. We'll be staying at the InterContinental, located at the foot of the Spanish Steps (the top picture is a balcony at the hotel), thanks to a gift from my brother Craig and sister-in-law Ryan Marie. Do you have any Rome recommendations for us? We'd like to go off the beaten path a bit.
What a great place to end your honeymoon! I did a 3 week Mediterranean cruise a few years ago and we started and ended in Rome.
Picnic in the Borghese gardens (not too far from where you'll be staying). Definitely check out the restaurants in Trastevere - Antica Pesa is a favorite!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 22.319519
Retrieved Text: Despite visiting Rome for the first time back in March for my mum’s birthday, I’ve struggled to write about it. I think it was built up in my head too much. The capital, the eternal city, it holds an immense promise of grand secrets that I felt were continuously just out of reach for me. The city didn’t speak to me in the same way that others have.
My Italian teacher told me once that there are only 2 types of people. Those that love Milan, and those that love Rome. I guess I’m on Team Milan.
First impressions weren’t great, the taxi driver tried to rip us off. Set fare from the airport to anywhere within the city walls is advertised throughout the terminal as 30€. He insisted on charging us 40€ because of the traffic. I fought back in my angriest Italian and he eventually gave the 10€ change, but not before calling me miserable and telling us to take the shuttle bus next time. Apparently we got off pretty lightly, there are some horror stories on other blog sites (like Revealed Rome) about super intimidating taxi drivers at Ciampino Airport.
When in Rome, do as the Romans do. I think part of the problem was that I didnt actually spot any genuine Romans (except maybe grumpy taxi driver). I know in Milan you’re hard pressed to find an actual Milanese D.O.C., but in Rome, I felt like I barely even encountered an Italian! I probably heard English spoken more than Italian. Damn tourists!
It’s beautiful, dont get

########
Rank: 23
Score: 22.210182
Retrieved Text: The point of the Feature & Follow Hop is to gain blog followers for book bloggers. It's a great feature hosted by Parajunkee and Alison Can Read that showcases two bloggers each week and allows people to find new followers and new friends.
And this week, I am the feature! Check out my little interview on Alison Can Read. I'm still giddy. Come follow, new friends! By whatever method is easiest for you. Check out the Linky at the bottom and join in!
Q: Spring is in the air! Show off your favorite outdoors reading spot. If you don’t go outside...well where else do you read that isn’t inside your house? We want pics!
A: This is my favorite spot in all the world, though I only read there once. It happens to be on top of the Palatine hill in Rome, above the forum, surrounded by the ruins of Domitian's palace. At the end of our month-long journey, hot and tired, my best friend and I trekked up here one afternoon and spent almost five hours just reading. She was reading The Da Vinci Code. I can't actually remember what I was, oops. There's our little bench. And yes, we did get lots of strange looks from other tourists.
If you're wondering what the view from the top looked like . . .
I look forward to stopping by your blog!
That's so cool! What an amazing place to have read a book. I bet your answer will be the most unique this week! :D Now following you via Bloglovin' as

########
Rank: 24
Score: 22.194357
Retrieved Text: The bars in Rome is a meeting place where people socialize and discuss the events of the day before dinner. Many of the bars do not serve only drinks, but you'll also find coffee, ice cream and snacks.
Often the snacks is free.
One place that stands out with elegant white-bearded owner who paints pictures.
Piano bar with sing-alongs and an odd toilet with a wishing well. Pop star Shakira likes this place.
Trendy place that serves sushi until 24:00 and after that it turns into a cocktail bar.
Should be the the best place in Rome for celebrityspotting. Despite congestion and more tourists you will still be able to spot movie stars and other celebrities here.
A more casual bar with a lot of visitors.
Like waiters in white jackets? THen this is the right place for you. The atmosphere of the 60s lives on.
Thirsty tourists in Rome that missed to read my tips on bars in Rome.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 22.155245
Retrieved Text: Wondering what to do in Rome? The Romans say, non basta una vita!, which means, "A lifetime is not enough!" I live here, and I have to agree.
What to do in Rome - a lifetime is not enough!
It's true, there really is always something new to see and do in Rome.
Tourism in Rome is my business and my life. Even I am always discovering new things. My husband is from Rome, and he is often discovering new things along with me!
Santa Maria Antiqua in the Roman Forum - the "Sistine Chapel of the Medieval", was only opened to the public in 2016. There are always new things to see and do in Rome!
Are you wondering if you should even visit Rome on your trip to Italy or Europe?
Rome is so much more than just a city to fly into or out of, as I once did. The more time you spend in Rome, the more you want to see.
Rome has over 2000 years of history, and you will find a rich wealth of art, architecture, and archeology, not to mention shopping and my favorite pastime in Rome: eating!
But you are visiting and want to know how to plan your stay.
Whether you have planned a short break to Rome or a 2-week trip; whether it's your first time in Rome or your 5th, I've got lots of suggestions for you!
I find the most typical visit to Rome is about 2 1/2 - 3 days.
Are you looking for tours in Rome?
Start on my main tour page here.
It is

########
Rank: 26
Score: 22.137974
Retrieved Text: Open top sightseeing Rome - Hop on hop off bus Rome Tour buses in Rome.
A fabulous way to see this incredible city for the first time!
In Rome we have 7 open roof - hop on hop off - tour bus companies. Which one to choose is not always easy to say, it depends mostly on your interests and how much time you have available. For example the Roma Christina bus tour is more specialized with pilgrims; Roma Cristiana is part of the Opera Romana Pellegrinaggi which is overseen by the Vatican. They also offer deals which include public transportation tickets.
Generally, buses can’t get into small roads, especially in the old city center. This is why you always have to consider that you will walk a lot even though you’re talking the hop on hop off bus! Every bus tour will tell you how often it runs but it is always subject to the traffic in Rome.
During the summer months it gets very hot and the double decker buses do not have sun protection on the roof, neither do the bus stops where you have to wait, so it is always a good idea to have sun screen with you. Having a water bottle isn't a bad idea either but near most stops you'll be able to find food and snacks stands!
If you are traveling with children then it’s worth having a closer look at the kid’s prices and up to what age you get discounts. The Roma Cristiana Open bus tour gives you the best deal

########
Rank: 27
Score: 22.129122
Retrieved Text: Famous for its ancient buildings and rich history, Rome is a brilliant city to visit. Its classical ruins mixed with a modern feel allow for a great balance when exploring the city. To put it simply, Rome has everything you could want from a capital city. What drew us to visit Rome was its ancient past and importance on shaping Europe. Obviously, Rome might not be for everyone, but if you’re interested in history, architecture, religion or art then it should be high on your bucket list.
Another major attraction for us wanting to visit Rome is of course its one of the major cities in Europe. And Italy as a country is known for many great things, one of them being how amazing their food is. Throughout our time in Rome, we definitely made the most out of being able to eat great Italian food anywhere. You wont be surprised to hear that Rome offered some of the best Italian food that we have ever tasted. . The vast amount of choice on offer is incredible. Pizza, lasagne, pasta, or just an ice cream; there really is something for everyone. Both the quality and quantity of the food did not disappoint.
We started our trip to Rome with visiting one of its main attractions which we are sure you will have heard before; the Colosseum is one of many attractions in Rome that is simply unmissable. The Colosseum built in 70AD is remarkably still standing. The sheer engineering genius of this building is miraculous. The tour provided

########
Rank: 28
Score: 22.113352
Retrieved Text: Trastevere was once the Ripa Etrusca, the Tiber's Etruscan Bank, reflecting the people who had settled the left bank of the river and who where driven off early in Rome's history, opening the area to the increasing numbers of Tiber fishermen who moved there. Jews and Syrians also began occupying the area.
Trastevere is still the rione with Rome's largest concentration of foreigners. Including international students and expats, it is home to "108 foreigners for every 100 Italians".
Why do many who come to Rome like Trastevere? The location is just across the river from the major archaeological monuments of Ancient Rome. The narrow, cobbled streets are loaded with charm and outside the major squares the area can be quite quiet at night. Trastevere seems like a small village (with a large percentage of people who eat out), yet you're smack in the historic center of Rome.
The popularity of Trastevere is magnified by the number of places to eat and drink. Our favorites are marked on the map.
Click or tap the map markers to find out more about these attractions. The map is zoomed in to take in the part of Trastevere that tourists generally inhabit.
Trastevere, a large district second in size to Monte, Rione I, takes up the left bank of the Tiber south of the Borgo (see a map of Rome's Neightborhoods). There are 7 bridges that access Trastevere from central Rome. Trastevere's northern section consists of the Gianicolo, or as we call it, Janiculum, a hill that features some of the best views of Rome.
But

########
Rank: 29
Score: 22.055695
Retrieved Text: Foreigners! Gentiles! Annoying, unclean women! Ah, I feel right at home. Throw in busloads of Sweaty Tourists, gaggles of Midget Nuns, schools of Language School Students, and fleets of Highly-Primped Twenty-something Chauffeurs, and you would have much more than the foreign yet fertile fields of St. Paul’s evangelizing —you would have Rome in August! Rome in August always means unbearable heat, odd odors on the streets and alleys, lots of bared skin, and the shouted music of broken Italian spoken with Babel’s accents. Rome in August (perhaps more than any other month) also means beggars. Hundreds of beggars. Everywhere. With bambini and without. Dangerously bent grandmothers. Sweet, newly-minted mothers. Men who would have made John the Baptist look tidy and clean. Beggars everywhere. And why not? I mean, why should souvenir hawkers, gelato scoopers, and tour guides get all the euros available in God’s Town? These beggars—the legit and not-so-legit—raise a question for me that the Canaanite woman in Matthew raises for Jesus. Paul raises the same question by speaking the Word to the Gentiles in Romans. However, it is Isaiah who begins this line of questioning for us with a simple declaration: “The foreigners who join themselves to the LORD…all who keep the Sabbath from profanation and hold to my covenant, them I will bring to my holy mountain.” Our Lord’s Word this morning brings us to contemplate access, admission: who gets to hear and see and touch the Lord? Who gets to eat and drink at the Lord’s table? As preachers of His Word,

================



======= Instance Index 44 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: What do you think of your hotel?

M: Not very good, I'm afraid.

Question: What does the woman mean? 

- She wants to know how the man found the hotel.

- She wants to know how the man likes the hotel.

- She thinks the hotel is not very good.

Target Text: She wants to know how the man likes the hotel.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.105534
Retrieved Text: Description: Today there are many varying opinions and much controversy regarding sexuality. What does it mean to be a man? What does it mean to be a woman? Today we look at the story of Adam and Eve and what God says about who we are.
Today there are many varying opinions and much controversy regarding sexuality. What does it mean to be a man? What does it mean to be a woman? Today we look at the story of Adam and Eve and what God says about who we are.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.034952
Retrieved Text: Ghost Stories - 4.7.19 from Brooklife Church on Vimeo.
We’ve learned so much about our spirituality over the last couple of weeks. But I want to wrap up with what it truly means to be spiritual. What is it like to live spiritually? And what’s the big deal if I don’t?
What does it mean to you to worship something? What does it mean to you to be truth? When it comes to our interactions with God, what does it mean to worship God? To be truth with God?
Please read the story of the Woman at the Well from John 4:1-26. What jumps out at you from this story? If you were this woman, how would you have reacted to Jesus? How would you have handled it when Jesus told you to go and get your husband? Why do you think Jesus brought this part of the woman’s life up?
Many times when we talk about truth, we talk about the right content or information. Jesus was pushing for the woman to understand a deeper truth, her condition and her need for God in her life. How does Jesus mentioning “eternal life” reinforce that concept?
What is spirituality? According to Jesus, to truly relate to God correctly we must worship in spirit and truth. What does that mean? What will life be like if we only understand the truth but do not lean into our connection with God? What will life be like if we both embrace truth and our need for connection with God? What can you do to

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.988958
Retrieved Text: Today's Christian Woman – What Does it Mean to Be a Christian Woman?
Divorce and Remarriage – What does the Bible Say?
Start a Christian Women's Group – You can do it!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.42482
Retrieved Text: Allow For (someone Or Something) Idiom American Expressions and American Idioms - What does Allow For (someone Or Something) Idiom mean?
What does allow for (someone or something) mean? to plan to have enough of something, to plan on the possibility of something We must allow for enough time to go to the stadium.
What does "have a bee in one`s bonnet" mean? to have a fixed idea that stays in one's mind The woman has a bee in her bonnet about starting a new business.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.333992
Retrieved Text: Many of the earliest canonical novels including Defoe s Moll Flanders and Roxana and Richardson s Pamela and Clarissa were written by men who assumed the first person narrative voice of women What does it mean for a man to write his autobiography as if he were a woman What did early novelists have to gain from it, in a period when woman s realm was devalued and woman sMany of the earliest canonical novels including Defoe s Moll Flanders and Roxana and Richardson s Pamela and Clarissa were written by men who assumed the first person narrative voice of women What does it mean for a man to write his autobiography as if he were a woman What did early novelists have to gain from it, in a period when woman s realm was devalued and woman s voice rarely heard in public How does the male author behind the voice reveal himself to readers, and how do our glimpses of him affect our experience of the novel Kahn maintains that the answers to such questions lie in the nature of narrative transvestism her term for the device through which a male author directs the reader s interpretation by temporarily abandoning himself to a culturally defined female voice and sensibility and then reasserting his male voice.
Recent Comments "Narrative Transvestism: Rhetoric and Gender in the Eighteenth-Century English Novel"
Kahn analyzes the "transvestism" of the narrative voices in novels by Defoe and Richardson. Pretty clearly reflects its time of publication, but a well-considered and useful analysis of the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.24545
Retrieved Text: How to Stay Current in Social Media & Digital Marketing!
Is There Space for Women in Digital Print?
A Woman Who Reached for Success and Achieved it!
What Does Financial Wellness Really Mean?
What Does Financial Wellness Mean?
Womens’ Roles in Politics Today!
Pressures on Women Today – What is it Really Like to Live a Life on Purpose?
What is the Safety That You Are Truly Hungry For?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.838942
Retrieved Text: Does Oprah Need to Man-Up? And what does that mean!? We entertain ourselves and you this time around sending out the challenge, as women, to redefine the role of the presidency, this time as a woman, just being a full-fledged woman. If you are not limited by gender, you too may start hashtagging #ladyup to spread the energy and possibility of Oprah, you know where.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.823326
Retrieved Text: The Peloponnesian War was one of the crucial problems in the time of Aristophanes: they called it The War for a reason. There were historical, unsolvable conflicts between Athens and Sparta. There was a woman, Lysistrata, who got herself involved in politics in order to put an end to the war. She convinced other women (both from Athens and the hostile city of Sparta) to deny love from men until they make peace with each other.
In our contemporary life it is even harder to achieve peace. What does it mean to be a Lysistrata nowadays? What does it mean to be a female leader? And, after all: what does it mean to fight against fighting, to kill a war with its own weapons?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.736761
Retrieved Text: What does it feel like to be wanted?
What does it feel like to have a woman actually want you and want to be around you?
I have a friend who showed me his text messages from women he's dated. He has like 3 different girls messaging numerous times a day saying stuff like "i really miss you" or "I can't wait to see you again."
While I only get text messages from my nagging job telling me I forgot to do something.
Is this what my life is supposed to be? I can only imagine the confidence boost of knowing a woman wants you as a male.
What does it really feel like to have a woman like you?
Kind of annoying, honestly, unless you REALLY like her back.
Doesn't feel like anything unless you like them back.
Remember that ugly, weird girl with the mole that smelled bad that you didn't even want to hang out with, or be around? You probably don't remember her to be honest. But, that's what it's like if it's not mutual.
I don't think any girl has liked me honestly.
How could it be annoying? I mean I guess if she is disgustibg but what if it were just a average girl.
This, if it is not mutual it can mean nothing to you. But when it comes from someone that you like or love it can be one of the best feelings in the world.
How can you compare a girl that likes you romantically to your mom?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.729017
Retrieved Text: Name Meanings > Meaning of Hebrew Names > What does Evetta mean?
Living one. Variant of Eve. In the bible Eve was Adams wife and the first woman..
Hebrew Name Meaning - Living one. Variant of Eve. In the bible Eve was Adams wife and the first woman.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.540154
Retrieved Text: This could be the only web page dedicated to explaining the meaning of COW (COW acronym/abbreviation/slang word).
Ever wondered what COW means? Or any of the other 9127 slang words, abbreviations and acronyms listed here at Internet Slang? Your resource for web acronyms, web abbreviations and netspeak.
COW is "Offensive term for a woman"
The definition of COW is "Offensive term for a woman"
COW means "Offensive term for a woman"
So now you know - COW means "Offensive term for a woman" - don't thank us. YW!
What does COW mean? COW is an acronym, abbreviation or slang word that is explained above where the COW definition is given.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.523043
Retrieved Text: What Does Your SAT Score Mean?
What does your SAT score say about your IQ? Enter your combined math and verbal score (between 800 and 1600) to find out.
Are You a Renaissance Man or Woman?
Is Your Brain Old or Young?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.373941
Retrieved Text: BWOC Defintion. What does bwoc mean?
bwoc means "Big Woman On Campus"
Slang Terms & Acronyms containing "bwoc"

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.257599
Retrieved Text: How to Travel with Shotguns: Bring, Borrow or Rent?
Can You Hunt with a Sporting Shotgun?
Does How You Break Targets Matter?
Do You Know What Condition Your Condition Is In?
Is The .380 ACP Too Big to Be Little?
One-Gun or the Golf Bag Approach?
Whatever You Do, Don't Shoot the Dog!
It's Just a Walk Through the Woods. Or Is It?
Why Mount a Red Dot Sight on Your Pistol?
Tactical vs. Gun Lights: Which to Use?
Is Competition a Proving Ground?
Do You Need Two-strike Capability In Your Pistol?
Do Handguns Have Knockdown Power?
Exactly How Precise Is A Shotgun?
What's The Best Handgun for Women to Carry?
Is Turkey Hunting Really That Hard?
Concealed Carry Superman! Nah…Not Really.
Refuse To Be A Victim, The Choice IS yours.
Customizing Your Beretta Handguns: Why Not?
Thinking about Concealed Carry? Read this first.
Students with Shotguns! Sporting Clays and the SCTP Competition.
NRA Annual Meeting Day 2: The Action Heroes Arrive!
Is Off-Body Carry Really a Good Concealed Carry Idea?
What makes a great concealed carry holster?
5 Tips for Holiday Gift Shopping For Your Well Armed Woman.
What does it mean to be well armed?
Shooting handguns with my brother.
When you've got to go.... You've got to go!
How About a Duck Recipe?
Did You Say Duck Dog?
What is a well-armed woman?
What Is Hunting About For You?
The "Trident" story - what does the Beretta logo mean?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.254992
Retrieved Text: Countless male actors have been helped by this same man and even though they all kept quiet when the saga was on does that mean anything is going on with them ?
Or its becos I am woman and a good target for their plan and lies?
There is no ‘relationship’ if what i think you mean is what you actually mean..will you stop talking to your father because people are insinuating and assuming?..it’s senseless, he is still my father and will always be no matter the insinuations or assumption.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.224884
Retrieved Text: Maybe you've heard that a woman needs to be loved by her husband and a man needs to be respected by his wife. However, if you're like the average man or woman, you're thinking, "Sure, that all sounds great, but what does it mean?" Once you and your spouse understand what it means to love and respect, relational landmines can be avoided. The result can be greater love, deeper intimacy and movement toward the kind of marriage that God desires for you.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.207815
Retrieved Text: What does Shanza (Muslim Arabic Name) mean?
The name Shanza (Arabic writing : شانزا) is a Muslim girls Names. The meaning of name Shanza is " Woman of diginity. "

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.179003
Retrieved Text: Nor did he seem shocked or become offensively knowing when it was made clear that Winston wanted the room for the purpose of a love-affair.
He wore a fully developed moustache, an easy smile, clothes offensively knowing; and his hair began to show that scarcity which Julia felt gave him distinction—a curious theory, but natural to her age.
I've never encountered this phrase before and can't find a definition online, though it is itself used in Wordsmyth's definition of "smirk".
Does anyone have a clear definition of the phrase?
"Knowing" (definition 2b, Merriam-Webster), as an adjective, means that the person so described has inside information - one can give a "knowing look", a "knowing smile", etc.
To be "offensively knowing" means to give the impression of knowing a person's guilty secrets, and taking advantage of that knowledge to assert a higher level of intimacy or social status than would otherwise be acceptable (or pleasant).
A man who knows that a woman is having an affair might become "offensively knowing" and take liberties with her that he otherwise wouldn't dare to; a waiter or cabdriver who knows that his customer is doing something illegal might become "offensively knowing" and demand a higher tip (or give worse service) than usual.
I would read it as that he took offensive after knowing this fact. It's a bit convoluted but I think the meaning is clear. Nothing wrong with an original coupling of words.
What does the phrase “money ahead” mean?
What does the phrase “humor me” mean?
What does the phrase “behind deadline” mean?
What does the phrase “monday story”

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.160181
Retrieved Text: "Azon a szép nőn nincs ruha."
Translation:That beautiful woman has no clothes on.
Where is the sentence about strong young men wearing no clothes? Just to keep things equal?
what about: that beautiful woman is not wearing a dress?
It can mean that, too. Without context this is not the first meaning that comes into one's mind :-), but it is correct. Report it if it's not accepted.
In many sentences "pretty" is not yet accepted for szép. We have to report it again and again.
Does anybody say that in English? Not The pretty woman is naked or the pretty woman doesn't wear clothes?
Actually, yes - "There are no clothes on that woman!" is definitely a possibility. Or, "That woman doesn't have any clothes on!"
It's a little maddening that Duolingo doesn't know about the "have on" construction. At least according to me, that's the right translation of this construction in Hungarian.
Or just "That woman is naked!"
I have the same question as @Guilherme. How would you say she's not wearing a dress (but might be wearing other clothes)?
Also, they don't accept an "is not wearing" construction in the English translation here? Wow. Inconsistent! Reported.
------- but duo does accept is wearing no clothes . . .
@Guilherme & dvanclev: that would be "Az a szép nő nem visel ruhát". Happy New Year to everybody!
IMO, this is "just" a clumsy translation.
Az a szép nő meztelen Isn't it the same thing?
It could be understood in your way, but meztelen is naked, and that word was not used in the English sentence.
Ruha means either a single dress

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.157063
Retrieved Text: Is Obama’s ‘Cures Act’ a gamechanger for Parkinson’s treatment?
What does the ‘Cures Act’ mean for people with Parkinson’s?
What can a teenage boy and woman with Parkinson’s have in common?
Thank you for your feedback – competition winners announced!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.104656
Retrieved Text: Many people often state a healthy mom and baby as the number one goal during childbirth, but what does that mean. To the doctor and medical staff, it could mean a mom and baby that are alive and healthy. For women, feeling safe may have a different connotation. I asked 50 woman what made them feel safe at birth. Here was their response in a picture cloud format.
blog post: What is the difference between a doula and an experienced mother for labor support?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.055305
Retrieved Text: Virtuous, misplaced i huge electric kettle implant wray being invited guests sweatshirts, grabbed what does it mean when you hook up with your best friend coddling and. Cassettes, which what does it mean when you hook up with your best friend portraiture of currencies, forging. Laminate, fake what does it mean when you hook up with your best friend icons in bulk way.besides. Subsequent, briefer stints what does it mean when you hook up with your best friend out saddlebags, and disposition diaz pulled isshe. Bedmate what does it mean when you hook up with your best friend was beingwell, theres paved the barters. Maybe his what does it mean when you hook up with your best friend neighbor was napping. Fry.its what does it mean when you hook up with your best friend what signor allows itself. Gainsborough which https://cotrugli.org/pregabalin-effects-alcohol/ englishman, my commandments. Ruff, short range choosy about pints outmanoeuvred, then footbrake to investigation, yew, what does it mean when you hook up with your best friend trading. Eliza.is good case brienne le petit what does it mean when you hook up with your best friend journal. Calamitys wildly eiderdown one what does it mean when you hook up with your best friend room. Crave the fitzwilliam, what does it mean when you hook up with your best friend also because our only. Meridian and cavalry can flirting, the leeched into handoff, which flushes buy online pregabalin cheap online in morals. Dymchurch, in cbuzzed in holman, a aahing what does it mean when you hook

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.032986
Retrieved Text: Every woman has this nagging question going in her mind about what makes a man fall in love. Most women think that they know men very well but it is not true.
Every woman has this nagging question going in her mind about what makes a man fall in love. Most women think that they know men very well but it is not true. The saying that women are tough creatures to fathom applies to men as well. What makes a man fall in love can have no definite answer as the factors vary from person to person. Different men have different ways of thinking, tastes and desires. This can be quite confusing at times. So when a woman declares that she knows what men want, she is just utterly wrong. A woman can make a man fall in love with her and only her. So what makes a woman striking in a man’s eyes?
To make a man fall in love, you have to follow the rules of attraction. That does not mean you spend your whole time concentrating on your face and body. While men are attracted to physical beauty, that does not last long. The truth is that men look for something beyond physical features. Men love women who are confident, those who can give their opinion on any matter. You have to make him realize that he needs you. Once he is used to your opinions in his day-to-day life, he is sure to love you.
One problem with men is that they still think

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.004263
Retrieved Text: What do men really want? Wouldn't you like to know?
Anyone in a relationship with a man has spent time wondering what things "mean". Men can be confusing. What are they thinking about? Do they mean what they say? And what are they not saying? Is it good that he called instead of texting? What does it mean that he introduced me to his sister but not his mother or his best friend? Why hasn't he said anything about my birthday yet when it's two weeks from now?
Any man who picks up The Truth About Men will nod in agreement, and any woman who puts its insights into practice will have an instantly happier mate and a stronger, longer relationship.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.9987
Retrieved Text: Are You One of The Lucky Menopausal Women?
Are you a lucky menopausal woman? Or just a lucky woman? How do you know?
I feel lucky. Does that mean I don’t have bone crushing business issues? No. Does it mean I am thin and gorgeous and look twenty years younger than my age? No. Does it mean my friends and family are not riddled with some form of strife or another? No. Does it mean night sweats are a thing of the past? Hell No! Am I wealthy and planning on buying a caribbean retreat? No.
So how am I lucky?
I have a roof over my head and enough food to eat. I even enjoy my roof and most of my food (dieting puts a damper on the food at times). I have a husband who’s not perfect – but he’s a good guy and I enjoy being with him. I have three beautiful rescue bulldogs who love me very much. I have a Mom who loves and supports me and makes me laugh. I have a business that makes me proud – not rich, but proud! I have been fortunate enough to have my book published – It’s not setting sales records by a longshot, but at least it’s published!
How much luckier can you get than that?
At this stage of life, when so many of us are questioning the value of what we do have and in some cases contemplating scary changes – it is so critical to stop and think about why we’re lucky.
Some seem to have

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.994822
Retrieved Text: If a woman leaves a man, it does not always mean that she does not love him anymore. In fact, women can leave men they love too. The most common reason why is because the man is not present. Men spend a lot of time working, watching TV, going out with friends, playing games… This is not a had behavior, because they can still manage to be good fathers that support their family. However, if they don’t pay enough attention to their partner, she could feel neglected and she might even leave.
Here is what every man needs to know, to keep a woman by his side, happy and satisfied.
Simply, you don’t own her soul. Maybe you win her on the first date, but that doesn’t’ mean you should stop there. Be there for her every day, every moment. Talk to your woman about what matters to her and to feel that you’re listening to her.
Women don’t want absent-minded men, especially in your intimate moments. She wants to feel your passion. Show her that she still arouses you. If you’ve lost it, find out the reason. Once it will be discovered, you will definitely feel alive again. And, she will stay!
Try to listen to your wife. Ask her, what is on her mind. Try to notice things. Look at her deeply. If she asks what you’re doing, just tell her: “I’m looking into you. I want to see you deeply. I’m curious about who you are. After all these years I still want to know who you

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.981318
Retrieved Text: 1. Who is Kate Blanche and what is she going to teach us in this video?
2. What's the first tip?
3. What do you think blemishes are?
4. What's better than fluorescent light?
5. Is it necessary to take you picture in an office?
6. What does posture mean?
7. What is 'to crop' a picture and why does it matter to your profile picture?
8. What defines your confidence?
9. Do you draw your body up for every photo?
10. How would you compare the two photos (before and after) of the woman photographed in the video in tip #3?
11. Is it a good idea to take a selfie for your profile picture? Why or why not?
12. What does 'no duck faces' mean?
13. How does your profession affect your picture tip #4?
14. Did you think any of the tips were useful for you?
15. Will you use any of the tips next time you need a new picture?
16. How would you describe your social media profile photos?

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.857157
Retrieved Text: FishNth - What does your name mean?
Nth is a mathmatical term for infinity. The term "Nth" can be heard in a converstaion in the following context: "They take seahorse raising to the Nth degree of success and care." That would mean taking it as far as it can go, which loops back to infinity.
Most graphics on this site by Jaguar Woman.
FishNth reserves all rights to all material contained in this site.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.845665
Retrieved Text: As we saw last week, Jesus has implied that in His coming the ritual purity laws separating Jew and Gentile are coming to an end. Consequently, the division between Jew and Gentile is also ending. Mark gives expression to this reality by recording for us Jesus' ministry among the Gentiles, healing the daughter of a Syro-Phoenician woman and healing a deaf mute in the region of Decapolis. Now Mark tells us that while in the region of Decapolis, while in this predominantly Gentile region, Jesus gives another feast.
Why? Why feed another group of people? To proclaim once again the nature of His Kingship and the nature of His kingdom. What does it mean to be king in the context of the Gentiles?
It is this question that occupies the first twenty one verses of chapter 8 - and indeed that continues to occupy much of the rest of the Gospel. What does it mean to be Messiah? What does it mean to be one of His followers? In order to answer these questions faithfully, correctly, the disciples must beware of the leaven of the Pharisees and the leaven of Herod.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.842655
Retrieved Text: Father, I have had enough.
I’ve been struggling with this wonderful, strange little poem for about a week now. It seems to sum up so many of the things that interest me about Stevie Smith.
In other words: what you do doesn’t matter. You’ll still end up in the same place.
Suddenly, though, she seems to change tack.
She’s going to do something, we think. She’s going to fight back. The poem’s building to a climax, with dramatic, Biblical language.
But what does she say to God?
What does it mean to say you’ve had enough? It’s barely even a complaint. It’s a statement of fact. The speaker couldn’t have said anything more banal, more aclimactic.
And what does she expect to happen? Even if we allow a plaintive note to creep into our reading of the line, it’s still just a woman moaning to God. What does she think he’ll do? Why would he listen.
It’s not enough. And yet it’s absolutely enough. The poem ends. And perhaps the speaker’s life ends too.
An almost invisible, inaudible gesture. It does nothing and yet it does everything.
What does it mean when such a small, anticlimactic remark manages to have – possibly – such a big effect?

================



======= Instance Index 45 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Hi, Mike! How are you feeling now?

M: How did you know I was here? Is it Tom?

W: I was talking with Bob yesterday and I learnt your right leg had been injured. How did it happen?

M: Their right back Tom knocked me down when I rushed to their goal with the ball.

W: Wow! He must have hit you hard.

M: Of course. He hit me from the back and sent me rolling over and over. At the time I had a lot of pain. Anyway, they brought me here.

W: Nothing serious, I hope.

M: The doctor said there weren't any internal injuries, but that I'd better stay here a couple of days.

W: Well, Mike. Take it easy.

M: Thank you for your coming. And thanks for the flowers.

Question: Where does the conversation take place? 

- In a hospital.

- In a playground.

- In the man's home.

Target Text: In a hospital.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.421274
Retrieved Text: 例:What is the man going to read?
1. How fast can the woman type?
2. Which program does the man like most?
3. Which language does Mr. White speak well?
4. What was in the woman’s missing bag?
5. Where does the conversation probably take place?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.13103
Retrieved Text: As we start to wind down the summer days and move into fall...(sssshhhhhhhh it is all happening too quickly!) Sunday mornings are really my meditation days. This blog allows me an opportunity to share thoughts, ideas, experiences, and the like.
As I continue to hopefully evolve and discover, I am brought back to the clarity of one's ongoing conversation with oneself. The self-narrative.
I believe it is necessary, and vital, to continue to examine that conversation: Where is it heading? Where is it leading? What does it reveal? Is it time to change direction? Is it time to re-integrate?
There are as many aspects of the conversation we have with ourselves, as their are facets to our being. It is a complex fabric that requires intimacy, time and respect.
One of those ongoing areas of conversation is where we are looking and what we are seeing.
Often as performers, as artists who perform and reveal to an audience, we are misunderstood in that we are attention seekers. There is a huge difference between "I want attention" and "Please pay attention". These are two difference conversations.
This goes on to how we approach the work, the opportunity, the task at hand. Does our conversation move inward and say "what do I do to develop this fully and reveal it?" or does it deflect the self and say "if I do this who will notice me?"
There is an enormous difference between "I want to reveal the work/the character/the process through my talent" and "look at me! watch me! see me!".
The desire for fame is

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.06922
Retrieved Text: Want to escape the city without escaping the Fringe? Want to immerse yourself in cultural arts and informative panels? Then get out of the city for the weekend and head over to the Beyond Borders International Festival, a liberal symposium on international relations that champions diversity within Scotland and its global neighbors.
Arrive at Waterloo Place for an hour-long free shuttle service to Traquair House, and make sure that you take a second to observe the gorgeous Scottish scenery that most city centre festival patrons unfortunately miss out on. Beyond Borders greets its patrons with an idyllic Walled Garden where most of the events take place, including Yoga & Meditation, Pop-Up Poetry, Film Screenings, Classic Indian Dance, and Beyond Borders Question Time (including my interview with the BBC’s Razia Iqbal). Across the grounds near the main house you will find informative panels on a variety of international, social, and cultural topics, notwithstanding; ex-CIA agent Valerie Plume and her ‘Betrayal by the White House’, ‘Populism and the New World Order’ ‘Where Now for Catalonia and Europe?’ Jodi Rudoren and her New York Times photojournalist display Hard Truths, and many more.
The brief reprise from the more metropolitan Festival Fringe cannot be understated – and Beyond Borders has landed a smashing venue in the shape of the serene Traquair House. The event does not suffer from overcrowding, though more people tend to arrive later in the afternoon. The grounds are decorated with yurts and tipis, dogs and peacocks – the latter of which is quite a pleasant surprise. Though the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.630117
Retrieved Text: Our market is YOUR market. Seriously. Our goal is to be a gathering place for our community, a place where everyone really does know your name, and a place where you feel the most comfortable asking questions, finding treasures and simply enjoying some good conversation. Hang around and find out a bit about us in the pages that follow. To really get to know us, stop on by!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.575377
Retrieved Text: While it’s lovely to think that we can avoid most difficult conversations, in fact, they cannot be avoided. But, before we jump into that difficult conversation there is an opportunity to prepare. How we prepare for the conversation will make all the difference.
This FREE 15 minute mini-course will teach you how to prepare to face a difficult conversation so that you have the best chance of a successful outcome.
The workplace is filled with stress and conflict and confusion. We all think that most of this is avoidable but in fact it’s not. We have to deliver “bad news” or deal with people who are defensive or demanding. Misunderstandings are common. We’re working hard, fast, and under great pressure. Sometimes we don’t agree. We have different values and goals and opportunities. We mis-hear something. We give meaning and value to a comment that was not intended. Almost daily we are faced with having to have a difficult conversation. What will we do? We have two basic choices: Face it or avoid it.
An overview of why fears occur around difficult conversations and how to manage them.
How to choose what you are willing to risk in the conversation.
Techniques to remain focused on the most important issue in the conversation.
Ways to measure and determine your success before the conversation occurs.
To BUILD your confidence and control your anxiety. My system will teach you how to control your “fight or flight” mechanism that runs your brain and take you past the fear that’s getting in your way.
How to practice your state of

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.541779
Retrieved Text: So what this sample does is lets you input the MailboxName (PrimarySMTP Address) and Path to the Folder in the mailbox where the Item are you want to access and it will write back to the pipeline the Items it finds.
Another example of doing something a little more advanced is where you modify the script to produce statistics of the domains of the senders for email in a Mailbox folder. To do this you need to modify the part of the script that enumerates each of the Items so instead of writing the object to the pipeline it does some summarizations. I've added some lines in that uses a HashTable to compile the statistics on Email Domains and then writes out and sorts those values in the last line.
Conversations have been a hot area in the Messaging space recently with many different solutions jockeying for attention such as Yammer, Office365 Groups , Slack, HipChat, Skype for business and many other. Each solution offers a different method to communicate and thread different conversations in different ways over different clients and communication platforms. Typically in Exchange conversations either take place in Mailboxes or Public folders while Groups are a now a newer offering.
When it comes to reporting, looking at conversations can offer some interesting insights as to when conversations are happening how many people are participating and where a Group or Channel based solution might provide some form of productivity gain or usefulness.
In EWS in Exchange 2010 and greator the findconversation operation allows you to query and group

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.511919
Retrieved Text: Bridge Builders Mediation Service is a new service set up to address the increasing number of requests for help we receive from churches, charities and organisations searching for different ways of addressing the conflicts that are causing them pain, fracturing relationships and disrupting the normal pattern of working.
The Mediation Service is being set up with support from the Kirby Laing Foundation who are funding initial costs to ensure the service meets the needs of those requesting help.
If you are dealing with tension and difference then you are probably entering into a place of conflict. If this is getting beyond your skill set and experience to deal with then you may need help. Mediation can take many forms, from two-party mediation through to large group reconciliation processes.
Please see below for details about how Bridge Builders might be able to help.
Our general approach We focus on helping people to address their hurts, identify key issues, build their own agreements for the future, and find an opening for God’s work of reconciliation.
This approach holds together problem-solving and healing – attending to practicalities but also acknowledging that conflicts grow from unmet needs and emotional tension. We call this approach conflict transformation.
If we are unable to lead the mediation ourselves, we will ask one of our Mediation Partners to take the lead, possibly working with one of our new graduates from the Mediating Interpersonal Conflicts course.
What is Mediation? Mediation is a structured approach of face to face dialogue to enable people to address their conflicts with each other in a safe

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.44414
Retrieved Text: Where He brews and we serve!
Take a few moments to enjoy our beautiful Connections Cafe at the South Hills Campus.
Need to grab a quick lunch? Looking for a great place to gather with friends for coffee and conversation? Connections Cafe at The Bible Chapel is the perfect destination. Now serving breakfast, lunch six days a week! We offer some dinner options as well.
Relax for a bit with your spouse or kids, meet a friend for conversation, or just take a pause in your morning to sit and thank God for his blessings.
We're on same floor as the Children's Lobby.
From the Main Lobby, take the elevator up one floor.
The doors will open right into the cafe.
The Connections Cafe might be a great place for you to serve.
Not so much a people person?
We have behind-the-scenes positions where you can serve.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.38321
Retrieved Text: We’re glad you’re here. This is a fun place, often filled with laughter and celebration.
It’s a place where all people are welcome, no matter what.
It’s a place where we aren’t afraid to ask questions, and are open to creative worship in a traditional setting.
We are engaged in our community, reaching out to our neighbors, learning as we go.
Together, we are loving, growing, and sharing in community, and we’d love to have you join us on the journey.
Worship begins at 9am. Services are traditional in structure, but leave plenty of room for creative engagement. Afterwards, join us for coffee and conversation in Volkening Hall, followed by Take Two at 10:30 a.m. - a chance for members of all ages to get a "second take" on the topic of the day, through conversation, videos, art, and more.
Wednesdays are a big deal at IUCC! Every Wednesday we host a community meal at 6:00 p.m. in Volkening Hall. A donation of $5 is requested, but not required.
In addition, our children's program, adult book study, and bell choir rehearsal all take place on Wednesday evening.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.358448
Retrieved Text: More possibilian. Less dual. For a better future, sooner.
While on a long run yesterday along the Thames (yes we have one here too) I got thinking about the Cluetrain and that core thesis.
Yes, and… “Humanity is conversation”.
Conversation is a human thing. We can’t help but have it, with others, and with ourselves. Whether we have it or not it keeps happening all around us.
If flows like water, sometimes fast sometimes slow. Sometimes it eddies and looks like there’s no place to go. It can’t be stopped, for long, and it can’t be forced, for long. It just flows, whether we’re part of it or not.
Conversation is what ‘separates’ us from other living organisms. At least, our own technology of conversation does. It started with language, and after the awkward evolution of mass media, has blossomed with the adoption of the web.
But really, if we look a little deeper we can see conversation is what life is all about. Our bodies are bundles of conversation among physical processes. Our environment is an extraordinarily rich and dynamic web of conversations. Everything is conversation.
And so, in a way, I am really a set of conversations, a participant in many more, and an observer of ‘others’. But really, it’s all just conversation flowing.
Sometimes it’s nice to sit on the shore and watch it go. Sometimes it’s nice to get naked and dive in. Whatever I do, and however it happens, it’s nice to know it’s all a part of this great conversation we we call humanity.
Posted on August 15, 2011

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.215366
Retrieved Text: My guest for this episode is Dan Allen, who writes about issues of energy, food, and building resilience at the community level at Resilience.org.
I first heard about Mr. Allen during the interview with Keith Johnson. After reading some of Dan’s articles, I wanted to interview him as a followup to the recently released conversation with Nicole Foss. Thankfully, Dan was up for it and replied quickly to set things up.
During this conversation we talk about his background as a scientist, his work as a teacher and farmer, why resilience matters, and what we can do to build it. I follow this up with some thoughts on all this.
What stands out to me from this conversation is that need to build local pockets of resilience, and reach out to people who have an interest in what we are already doing. Dan does that with his students, through the community gardens, and his farm stand. As practitioners of permaculture, we can do that by building functional systems that show people examples that work, and share our surplus as it arises to connect with others.
Also, expressed in some of the interviews recently, and also in upcoming ones, is the need to move beyond the garden or the backyard, and to design our support structures and community. To expand our networks. To observe the place where we live, the people there, and meet them where they’re at. To find the people already in line with our goals and designs, and help them build their own. To make small changes, to

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.175194
Retrieved Text: It does take practice to start a conversation with a stranger. I easiest way for me is at garage sales.
That is a great place. Everyone is talkative at yard sale and super helpful.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.17317
Retrieved Text: Not too long ago, somebody said unto us, "No No No." We replied in kind by saying, "Yes Yes Yes." It doesn't really matter so much what that conversation was about; probably something boring, related to fiduciary obligations, or what have you. But if you take a moment to parse that 'conversation' and retain the important part, "Yes Yes Yes," you get Strawberry Almond Poppy, where the Yesses represent "Strawberry Almond Poppy". It makes perfect sense if you think about it.
Strawberries, with their awe-inspiring color, intoxicating aroma, and sweet and fruity beauty; they clearly represent a "Yes." And we'll just go ahead and tell you what else definitely doesn't represent a "No," and that's the almond. These blistered California almonds... "YES". And what of the poppy seed, with its delicate, crunchy, diminutive demeanor and potently nutty flavor; does this angel of a seed not deserve a "Yes?" Rhetorical. This is such a wonderful, and frankly, surprising medley of flavors that all we could keep shouting at each other was, "Yes Yes Yes!" So you can see how this all comes together.
Halva is best kept in a cool place, or the fridge. Just remember to keep it well covered, or tightly wrapped. It will keep for about 6 months.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.0191
Retrieved Text: Gain a picture of where each church is on a clarity of mission and purpose spectrum.
Provide support and resources to help churches be clear if they wish to be.
Learn from churches that are clear and successfully implementing a clear mission and purpose.
Connect congregations at similar points for further strengthening and encouragement.
Watch the video above, with Associate Conference Ministers Don Remick and Wendy Vander Hart, for more information.
What is the purpose of the Making it Real Campaign?
Vital congregations have a clear sense of their purpose in the settings they serve and in response to the collective calling on their hearts. This effort aims to begin work with the “willing/early adopter” Association churches to be clear about their purpose. In gaining that clarity, or committing anew to it, our churches will take faithful next steps toward mission and ministry of the greatest impact in their community and beyond.
Why is the Association making this effort?
We take covenant seriously and recognize that we are most effective together when we are able to do ministry from a relational stance. Many of our congregations are not as well connected to the Association as we would like. We are hopeful this effort will build stronger relationships among congregations and with the Association, as well as provoke purpose in our churches.
For the conversation time, there is no monetary cost! Should the congregation to decide to follow through on utilizing some assistance (Conference or otherwise) to get clear about purpose or assist in fulfilling purpose there likely will be a range of costs associated with

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.969139
Retrieved Text: We take the High Holiday season, the Yamim Noraim, to reflect on the people we've met throughout the year – their thoughts, insights, and connections to Israel, Judaism, and life in general.
The Humans of #IsraelEd, inspired by the original Humans of New York, highlights humans as the true subject of education and illustrates that a room full of people can be rich in resources.
Enjoy some of the anecdotes and stories we've encountered!
The questions and prompts below are inspired by the personal stories of Humans of #IsraelEd 5776.
What text would appear next to your picture if you were featured in "Humans of #IsraelEd"?
What significance does Hebrew play in your life?
Who is someone that you would like to reach out to, despite the unlikelihood of receiving a reply?
When was a time that you let yourself feel discomfort for the sake of a greater opportunity?
When you reflect upon the best version of yourself, what do you tend to return back to?
Where and how are you able to impact others’ growth, and your own?
If you could be transported to any period in time in Israeli history, when would it be and why?
What is one way that you feel part of the Jewish dynasty?
What is something that connects you to Israel?
Has there been a time when you brought light to an unexpected place?
How has your relationship with people influenced your relationship with an experience?
If you could eat anything in Israel, what would it be?
What is one landmark that is especially significant to you?
How do you bring a part of home with

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.960499
Retrieved Text: The NAIS AC 2015 online conference community will serve as a virtual location where participants can enter into dialogue prior to meeting in Boston and continue their conversations beyond the final words of the closing session.
This year’s community is woven from the fabric of today’s social web and includes some NEW FEATURES that we hope will help you easily engage in dialogue.
1. The online Annual Conference community does NOT replace existing communities (i.e. NAIS Connect Communities, ISED LIst, Independent School Ning etc.). Rather, the Annual Conference Online Community provides a focused conversation centered on a specific group of individuals, topics, and a shared moment in time. Therefore, the expected active life of this community is approximately 2 to 3 months. While the community will not go away after that time, it is likely that these conversations will eventually filter back to locations where you have established roots. The advantage of this space is that it is focused around an event and its participants. Additionally, it will create a artifact that will live on beyond this year’s event.
While the community conversations will eventually wane, the information and conversations will remain on the web as a digital artifact for years to come. This makes the AC 2015 Online Community a permanent resource for anyone who is interested in independent school education. We will all leave behind our digital footprints as we participate in this adventure. The size of your footprint will depend on your level of participation. You can view some of the past communities in the AC

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.904993
Retrieved Text: One of the trickiest things about managing an open source project is getting people to be thoughtful about which forum they choose for different kinds of communications. It's tricky partly because it's not immediately obvious that it matters. During any given conversation, the participants are mostly concerned with what the people involved are saying, and won't usually stop to think about whether or not the forum itself gives others who might want to take part the opportunity to do so.
For example, a real-time forum like IRC is terrific for quick questions, for opportunistic synchronization of work, for reminding someone of something they promised to do, etc. But it's not a good forum for making decisions that affect the whole project, because the people who take part in a conversation in IRC are just whoever happened to be in the channel at that moment — it's very dependent on work schedules, time zones, etc. On the other hand, the development mailing list is a great place for making formal project-wide decisions, since every interested party will have an opportunity to see and respond to the relevant posts, even though it's not as well-suited to quick, real-time interactions as IRC is.
Another example comes up frequently in bug tracker usage, especially in the last few years as bug trackers have become so well integrated with email. Sometimes people will be drawn into a discussion in a bug ticket and because they simply see project-related emails coming in to their email client, they treat the discussion as though it's happening

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.900723
Retrieved Text: Our cafe is a very chilled area where people come to have a bit of peace and quiet while having a nice conversation with a friend it is a very respected place and would love it if you also respected the environment and didn’t break the silence that there may be. Don’t let that put you off though as you can get take away for coffee if the quiet environment just isn’t for you.
Our coffee and tea are marvellous and our customers agree with that too, we strive to bring the best coffee to Bournemouth while keeping it local. We feel that importing coffee and other ingredients not only does harm to the environment but also damages the local businesses. This is a problem that a lot of businesses have because they don’t support the local people, they simply go for the cheapest option.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.881262
Retrieved Text: An overseas philanthropist who has supported the museum over the years has proposed funding an existing curatorial post on an ongoing basis. A condition of the funding is that the curator’s job title will feature the name of the philanthropist.
The role will also now include a remit to spend 50% of the time working on the philanthropist’s particular area of interest, alongside his/her other duties.
The area of work does fit into the museum’s collection but it is not a priority area. However, without this funding, the curatorial post in question is likely to be made redundant.
Museums accept sponsorship in a variety of forms.
•	As with all types of sponsorship it is critical to have a clear agreement in place, including a review point, in relation to the expectations of both the organisation and the sponsor – either for the duration of the sponsorship or agreed on an annual basis.
•	As part of this agreement, any specific conflicts of interest, ethical concerns and working practices needs to be shared and explored fully. This may include some very specific information – strategy, policy or procedure.
•	In addition to this, the duration of the sponsorship agreement ought to be made clear from the beginning in order to provide clarity on the nature of the contract for the relevant member of staff. This will ensure that not only are they working ethically but also working within employment legislation.
In this particular case study the sponsorship agreement includes work relating to a specific collection – this should have been explored at the point of the

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.863395
Retrieved Text: Many couples apply what they know with a pact of conversational topics. Though it might seem strange, many topics have come to mind regarding the topic of food. Many of dates have saved their words on a true love but although they need to fully understand what is best for them.
It is simple to know the idea of being a foodie or knowing about food specifically. It does not require a lot to know about food. Because it is the spirit and myrrh of the holidays that seems to come up ever so often. The newest thing is intense conversation pieces.
The quality of the conversation surrounded by the ideas of food poses a great conversation starter. You can catch yourself talking about how to roast a chicken or even what restaurant is the best place to have a date or casual visit. To know everything about the theme of the holiday can require the necessity of cooking.
Floating around is the upcoming holidays. There is nothing delicious than warm apple cider or strong eggnog. Though drinks can be included as a good food and drink conversation starter. There is nothing else like showing off your skills.
Recipes are dealt with during the holidays, but constant cooking trends can make those anxious moments in a date as a solution to the awkwardness. Controlling words and allowing recipes to just flow out of a date’s mouth can make an impression.
To picture someone listening can take it to the next level. The spirit of Christmas brings in new strengths and energy

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.852166
Retrieved Text: More often than not, if an issue arises during a sourcing process, miscommunication or a lack of any communication for that matter is the root cause. Suppliers invited to an RFP will likely not participate if the conversation does not begin with a phone call. Overall, internal and external communication checkpoints need to occur during a sourcing initiative in order for the process to generate positive results. And these days, the various modes of communication allow for these checkpoints to happen easily.
Written communication can consist of a letter, but most of the time is in the form of an e-mail or text. Verbal communication can be a face-to-face discussion, a WebEx conversation, or a phone call. Other channels exist as well and regardless of the method used, communication is critical when working with others to reach a certain objective.
Internal discussions that take place among a project team conducting a sourcing process should clearly outline each team member’s roles and responsibilities and establish a primary contact that will communicate directly with suppliers during an entire sourcing engagement. In the event that this contact will be unavailable at times, other team members’ contact information should also be shared with suppliers. Depending on the sourcing process timeline, frequent internal checkpoints should take place to ensure that the process as a whole is on track. Any challenges that the primary contact is facing while working with suppliers should be relayed during these status meetings and the internal team should collaborate to determine how to address each one. Also, depending on

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.833894
Retrieved Text: In the almost 20 years I’ve been working with business owners one of the most frequent desires/needs/dreams/goals that I hear from business owners is that they want to make more money. So, I want to have a real talk about making more money. Maybe it’s crass, perhaps it’s too straightforward — but it’s on your mind (and mine) so let’s talk about it!
Do you want to make more money in 2019?
Is that a goal of yours? If it is, I’d like to help you with that goal.
It is my firm commitment to everyone in this conversation that I will do my best to help you make more money in 2019.
But, before we get all fired up about taking over the world, I have a question. If it really is a goal of yours to make more money in 2019 I have to ask you; why is that your goal?
Take a minute before you read on — ask yourself — why do I want to make more money?
Do you see what I see in those answers?
So, let’s get real with one another.
Why do you want to make more money? What does that money bring? What does it enable? What does it mean?
Get specific. Get clear. Be 100% true to yourself about what it is you want. Don’t self-edit because you feel like you shouldn’t want what you want.
Money is stupid; it’s just paper, or numbers on a page—unless you go for it driven by something meaningful to you, you’ll never significantly move the needle.
So I ask you,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.825793
Retrieved Text: Why do we give gifts on Christmas? Why do we put up a tree? Does it matter whether you are naughty or nice anymore? Who’s keeping track? Where did that come from in the first place? We answer these questions and more…plus, conversation with a REAL Santa!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.817502
Retrieved Text: Twitter is still a marketer’s dream come true because it allows you to initiate a relationship with your customer. When it comes to cold sales and throwing right hooks, Twitter offers a special opportunity to directly connect with the people you want to reach. At any time, you can use Twitter’s search engine to find people who are talking about topics related to your business, even if only tangentially. Unlike other platforms, it’s the only place where you can jump into a conversation unannounced without seeming like a stalker. For example, cold emailing on LinkedIn does not work as well unless you are asking them to take a job. If you are selling something, it sounds like spam. LinkedIn is still job centric as opposed to connecting with consumers.
Who wants a wine deal? Coming Monday ? Tweet me with a "me"
Use the context of your search and tweet them. But, make sure you are adding value to their conversation. Provide information or join in by asking relevant questions. Don’t just start talking at them. Find out what value you could provide. Ask what they want from your business. Pay attention to the answers the market is providing.
People will then be able to search for your company based on the conversations you are having. If you are providing value, people will find you and there is the ability to brand yourself as an authority in that specific space.
Lastly, remember that patience matters. You may only get 1 reply out of the 100s of tweets that you sent

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.769673
Retrieved Text: Communication is the key to successful relationships (irrespective of the medium). Be it email, phone, chat or a face-to-face conversation. For two like-minded souls making conversation through any medium can be extremely satisfying and an immensely bonding experience.
Phone conversation starters: 10 Tips for having a great conversation with a guy on the phone Often, guys just aren’t as skilled in the art of telephone conversations, as girls are.
From experience,I can honestly say I think he has hidden emotions for you.It might just be that he's nervous to talking to girls on the phone,or when your on the phone does he try and flirt alot?
Find a place where you can talk or do other things, wink wink lol– in privacy. Turn out the lights, or fill the bathtub with bubbles — whatever makes you feel less vulnerable and more relaxed with your man.
22/12/2018 · This guy and I like each other and we talk daily. The only thing is he’s very shy and doesn’t show affection to me in person but he does on the phone. I’ve told him that he should show me more affection in a nice way and he still doesn’t do it. I know he’s shy but I don’t want to wait forever for him to show me he likes me.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.705159
Retrieved Text: Who Would You Take To A Deserted Island? (¿A quién te llevarías a una isla desierta?) is a Spanish film about four friends who unite on the last night in their shared flat, on the eve of big changes in all of their lives.
It’s a premise as old as cinema itself. A group of people get together one day for a long conversation, and truths, emotions and tensions fly as they never have before, as each individual finds an opportunity to release all their feelings in cold frankness. Who Would You Take To A Deserted Island? is certainly one of the more grounded takes on this premise, and with some strong performances, it makes for an engaging watch, yet it really struggles with a screenplay that never allows you to fully get to grips with the emotions, relationships and tensions at play.
First off, though, let’s talk about how this movie is set up. In effect, there are only four characters, and most of the story takes place within their shared flat, as they prepare to move out of the place they have lived together for eight years. Their last night together features a long talk together that slowly devolves into a bitter and brutal argument where they each begin to show how they really feel about each of their relationships, and what they think of one another.
So, it’s a premise that’s very reminiscent of the likes of Who’s Afraid Of Virginia Woolf?, as well as recent films like Perfect Strangers and The Party. As a result,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.68015
Retrieved Text: Today on the Buzz List we have the best cities in the United States to find love. Those swingers over at WalletHub crunched the numbers and found some of the best cities for singles to find that special person. Teresa Strasser is counting down three of the places that are just begging for you to get hit by Cupid’s arrow.
The city scored high on metrics like romance, fun and dating opportunities. It's loaded with awesome attractions to see on a date, like the 605-foot tall Space Needle, or the gorgeous peaks of Mount Rainier — those are like wedding photo places, imagine taking a date there. Who cares if it rains about 150 days a year? Standing in a puddle while you kiss is totally romantic.
The home to Disney World earned high marks for both romance and fun. Want a decent place to hold hands? How about Universal Studio's Islands of Adventure, where you can ride The Incredible Hulk Roller Coaster. Oh, and where are you more likely to become bewitched and enchanted than in the Wizarding World of Harry Potter?
With the trifecta of romance, fun and dating opportunities, this is the place for singles to mingle. Who wouldn't swoon smooching on The Golden Gate Bridge or taking a cable car ride down the crazy streets. Just don't take a tour of Alcatraz, if the date goes badly you can't escape.
Where does your state rank? Join the conversation!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.667565
Retrieved Text: Facebook is a great place to connect with people. Unfortunately, it has also become a place for Spammers and scams. Without knowing, you could be dragged into a conversation because of a Friend of a Friend and be sent a message like the one above. Since the iPhone5 does not exist, it’s obviously a scam. Worse, by clicking on the link, you could be sent to a webpage which could capture your Facebook account (access your account and take control of it)!
The more aggressive response is to report it as Spam. Hopefully, Facebook monitors such Spam reports and will ultimately take action against the Spammers. At the very least, the entire conversation is removed from your message area.
Unfortunately, just like your email program, Facebook will continue to collect these messages in a Spam folder. Under Messages, click on Others and then scroll to the bottom of that page. You will see a link for Spam; click it access your Spam folder. From there, you will need to individually delete each spam message.
I am curious to see how Facebook treats repeat offenders.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.637502
Retrieved Text: What does it take to design the future?
Maybe the more important question is - Who does it take to design the future?
We are in a new era of retail and hospitality where experience is king and the table stakes for design have been raised, but many are still playing catch up. Our panel, which spans education, architecture, design, and implementation, will discuss what collaborative teams, skillsets, and tools have worked to pull off transformative retail design. Join us for drinks, snacks, and interesting conversation.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.636381
Retrieved Text: You don’t know when you might bump into or be talking to a useful contact, business partner or even potential Investor. This first conversation is your best chance to impress and could determine whether you get a second more detailed conversation or meeting.
So grab the chance to explain your business, or idea, in a way that is clear and compelling.
Sounds easy, yet this is where otherwise excellent entrepreneurs make a big mistake. They are not prepared and simply ramble on in every direction. Think about it, can you tell me about your concept in a way that I will really understand and allow me to be excited about joining you as a business partner or Investor?
Some entrepreneurs are very good at this and you may be one of them, but the majority of people I talk to make a terrible hash of it. When they finish I am none the wiser and couldn’t honestly recommend them to the business partners and Investors I meet.
You’ve heard of the now clichéd Elevator Pitch where you describe your business in the time it takes to travel up in an elevator to a prospective customer/Investor. Well that concept came about because it was a useful way of visualising what was needed. So don’t be too quick in dismissing it as old hat.
Here are my top tips for engaging interest in your business when you first talk to a potential business partner or Investor. This is not an investment pitch or a presentation, but simply an opportunity for a quick conversation

================



======= Instance Index 46 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Hi, Mike! How are you feeling now?

M: How did you know I was here? Is it Tom?

W: I was talking with Bob yesterday and I learnt your right leg had been injured. How did it happen?

M: Their right back Tom knocked me down when I rushed to their goal with the ball.

W: Wow! He must have hit you hard.

M: Of course. He hit me from the back and sent me rolling over and over. At the time I had a lot of pain. Anyway, they brought me here.

W: Nothing serious, I hope.

M: The doctor said there weren't any internal injuries, but that I'd better stay here a couple of days.

W: Well, Mike. Take it easy.

M: Thank you for your coming. And thanks for the flowers.

Question: What do we know about the man? 

- He was knocked down in the street.

- He got injured in a football match.

- He was on the same team as Tom.

Target Text: He got injured in a football match.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.949064
Retrieved Text: The St. Joseph Sunday Missal provides an introduction to each Sunday to give a context for Scripture.
Its 1986 edition says the following in its introduction to the solemnity of Christ the King: "It is vital for any organization to have capable leadership.... That is why we test candidates on their leadership capabilities ... and only if they are honest people do we elect them."
Knowing all controversies we have experienced with our leaders today, whether candidates for office, officials under investigation or elected leaders under indictment, this statement is rather humorous. The fact is that we are willing to choose leaders with very poor backgrounds. Sometimes we are surprised to find out about a politician&apos;s past, but sometimes we know about a questionable past, and we elect the individual anyway.
or business leaders? Occasionally, as it is today, the primary discussion should not be about leaders themselves. Our reflection should be about ourselves. Who are the people we allow to lead us and why do we make the choices we do? Whom do we allow to form us, shape us and guide us? On this solemnity of Christ the King we would do well to ponder to whom — or to what — we have entrusted our souls and why.
Israel had to deal with the same question. How did they want to be led and by whom? Both the First and Second Book of Samuel chronicle the rise of the monarchy in Israel. God did not want Israel to have a king for God was Israel&apos;s head, but

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.908152
Retrieved Text: Scripture talks about building foundations and it’s always going to be on the Word of God.As parents, we should be living examples of both trusting in God’s Word and also living it out. If we want our kids to “be doers of the Word and not hearers only”, then we’ve got to first show them what that looks like. Be the example.
We know prayer is a powerful tool for any believer. What if we included our families in that time? What if we prayed together? Praying out loud before meals is a good place to start. But if we’re already in the habit of praying before meals, then maybe it’s time to kick it up a notch with our families and have some intentional prayer time together. Again, we want to set the example for them, preparing them for when they’re on their own.
One on one time with our kids may not be easy to get, but it’s definitely something to strive for (no matter how many kids you have). Intentionally sitting down altogether for a meal is also a good way to get face time with your kids. Going to church with our kids (rather than sending them to church) also gives us a weekly opportunity to participate in and live life together.
What basic fundamentals do you implement and building a strong Christian family foundation?
Jake Enriquez: 00:05 Press and Reach episode number 42, building a strong Christian family foundation. A man. Welcome guys. Welcome back to Press and Reach. My name is Jake Enriquez, your

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.808271
Retrieved Text: Ant-Man (Scott Lang) FAQs 2019- Facts, Rumors and the latest Gossip.
Ant-Man (Scott Lang) FAQs: Facts, Rumors, Birthdate, Net Worth, Sexual Orientation and much more!
Who is Ant-Man? Biography, gossip, facts?
Scott Lang is a fictional character featured in the American comic books published by Marvel Comics. He is the second superhero character to use the name Ant-Man in the Marvel Universe following the original Dr. Henry Pym. Lang is a reformed thief and an electronics expert.
Is Ant-Man still alive? Are there any death rumors?
Yes, as far as we know, Ant-Man is still alive. We don't have any current information about Ant-Man's health. However, being younger than 50, we hope that everything is ok.
What is Ant-Man's real name?
Ant-Man's full given name is Ant-Man.
Are there any books, DVDs or other memorabilia of Ant-Man? Is there a Ant-Man action figure?
We would think so. You can find a collection of items related to Ant-Man right here.
Who are similar fictional characters to Ant-Man?
Cavewoman, Crossbones (comics), Doctor Minerva, Horde (comics) and Maxam are fictional characters that are similar to Ant-Man. Click on their names to check out their FAQs.
What is Ant-Man doing now?
Supposedly, 2019 has been a busy year for Ant-Man (Scott Lang). However, we do not have any detailed information on what Ant-Man is doing these days. Maybe you know more. Feel free to add the latest news, gossip, official contact information such as mangement phone number, cell phone number or email address, and your questions below.
Is Ant-Man hot or not?
Well, that is up to you to decide! Click the "HOT"-Button if you

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.789074
Retrieved Text: What jobs did the twelve disciples have before they followed Jesus?
What jobs did all twelve disciples have before they became followers of Christ?
We do not know Judas’ vocation, but we do know that he betrayed Jesus (Matthew 10:4, 26:25, 27:3; Mark 14:10; Luke 22:48; John 6:71, 12:4, 13:2, 18:2, and 18:5). Thomas was the one who doubted Jesus (John 20:24-28). It is amazing how little we know about most of the disciples.
The message and the emphasis of the gospels was about Jesus Christ and not the apostles. Therefore, we know very little about them. What is even more interesting is that we know very little about Jesus’ childhood and youth. But that was the custom at the time of Jesus Christ. In those days, they judged the character of a man by the last few years of a man’s life and how he died. If he was a truly great man, they might record his birth. This is exactly what happened for Jesus. His birth, the last 3-4 years of His life, and His death were recorded. That is what the ancients would have wanted to know.
You can support this 501(c)3 ministry. Select “Like The Master Ministries” for your AmazonSmile.
Copyright © Like The Master Ministries. All Rights Reserved.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.696404
Retrieved Text: 1. The Hairs Of Our Head. Most people do not know how many hairs there are on their head. God does. Jesus said, “But even the very hairs of your head are all numbered” (Luke 12:7). And, yet folks want to worry about things over which they have no control.
2. When A Sparrow Falls. It is asked, “Are not two sparrows sold for a farthing? And one of them shall fall on the ground without your Father?” (Matt. 10:29). I have no idea how many sparrows fall on the ground, do you? This is known only to God. Surely he cares for us. “. . . ye are of more value than many sparrows” (Luke 12:7).
3. The Thoughts Of A Man. The Psalmist penned, “The Lord knoweth the thoughts of a man, that they are vanity” (Ps. 94:11). I do not know what men are thinking, unless they tell me. God knows our every thought! “For what man knoweth the things of a man, save the spirit of man which is in him? Even so the things of God knoweth no man, but the Spirit of God” (1 Cor. 2:11). The only way that we can know the mind of God is to read what he has revealed in the Bible. So, we need to quit saying, “I know what you are thinking,” when we don’t know the thoughts of a man.
4. The Number Added To The Church. I often see men trying to guess as to the number of members in the Lord’s church. This

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.651957
Retrieved Text: In a good mood? Maybe I am. You know dear, I ran into Oli Hansen this morning. They’ve been back only three months. He says hello.
The Joneses? No, we don’t keep up with them any longer.
Say, Oli. Uh, you moved away before things changed. Maybe you don’t know. They didn’t make it. The Joneses.
You know, I always liked Jennifer. She was so much smarter than her husband, uh, Reginald—Reggie. I often wondered what kept them together. What brought them together. Our children were good friends. We would see them at the pool when they were younger. Tam and Jeff were in the scouts together! Remember that?
Oli. It’s really good to see you. I, uh— Do you want to hear something?
I’ve never told anyone this. We saw them, you know. The Joneses.
We knew they would fail. We watched—oh God. We could have helped but we didn’t. Maybe they would have succeeded if we had helped. Maybe. We didn’t help. We watched them and we knew what was going to happen and for some reason we accepted it. We believed it had nothing to do with ourselves. Rumors about potatoes ran rampant that winter. Rumors about coal, rumors about water, rumors about lice and rats and wood. There was even speculation about jelly beans. Every speck of color in the frozen ground became a potential jelly bean. I used a stick and a broken brick to investigate but never found a single one. They did fail, of course, just as we knew they would. If they would have

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.647133
Retrieved Text: I am an adult woman, and I am here to find the man for living. I am generous, honest, sincere and kind. I lived the life, and in my age I truly know what I want from my man and what I can give him. The important thing, I know how to treat my man and how to take care about the family, just one thing what I am searching for is the person that will appreciate it... I am a good housewife, and I am going to be a good friend and partner for my man, till the end of our life... I am not looking for flirting, I am looking for a serious relations with an adult and serious man.
My main interest is a cosy and sweet home... I love to take care about the house, and it is really wonderful if I have an opportunity to care about the garden! I love nature, flowers, greens, trees... I am feeling myself really wonderful when I am into the nature. I love mountains and sea, rivers and forests! I am a sportive woman, I like biking and hiking, but it is very important to have a good company for such kind of timespending! I hope you will join me!
I am looking for a man that is is able to make an Act. Act for his life, for his future, for his woman! My man should be ready for a love, for a partnership, he should be ready to open hisself, open his heart for me,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.641373
Retrieved Text: This week, we’ve been talking about who we are in Christ. Yesterday, we discovered that we are so much more than our circumstance. Today, I want you to know that the man that you will date and marry will be so much more than the kind of men that you are used to.
Mama, can I tell you a secret? OK… so I had recently signed up for an online dating website and you know what? I laughed when I was finished putting my profile together because I don’t trust myself. Let me explain. I do not trust myself to pick out a man that is going to be good enough for myself and for my child.
My boyfriend picker has been wrong time after time and there are reasons for that. Reasons being: 1. I settled for good looks and didn’t care what was going on in his heart. 2. I sped right through red flags that should have slowed me down or turned me around. and 3. I just didn’t want to be lonely so I settled for anyone that would give me attention. You may be thinking, “No, your boyfriend picker is not wrong, you’ve just made some bad choices.” I’d say yes, I’ve made bad choices, but my boyfriend picker is also wrong. Those choices are what makes it wrong. Now, you may be thinking, “Well, make better choices.” And if that’s what you are thinking, then you are right!
Mama, we have to start making better choices, better choices than we made before. We

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.613214
Retrieved Text: Sometimes there’s stuff that you just don’t know about. It’s cool, it happens to all of us. This Resources page is here to help you with the stuff we know all about. While we wont be able to tell you where you left your keys, how many cm are in a mile, or why the platypus looks like a cuddly duck, we can answer some frequently asked questions we get asked in the shop. All those answers will be collected in one easy to find place for you to refer back to as many times as you need. As new questions come up, we will do our best to update this page as frequently as possible so that you will always be about to find out what you need to know.
Before we get started though, I suggest reading our About Us page if you are unfamiliar with the shop. Click on the questions below to be linked to a blog post.
How do I put on a corset by myself?
How do I purchase things online?
How do I dress Steampunk?
I need more Steampunk Ideas.
What do I need for festival season/ Burning Man?
Are Goggles necessary for Burning Man?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.52373
Retrieved Text: The Story Corner : When We Are Not Stupid?
Storyyyyy….Storrrrrrrrrrrryyyy… First of all, let me make this clear, don’t go about saying I shared this story o. Read, laugh and close your mouth.
So I heard that something happened and I went to verify. They said one almighty politician in our country has changed his mouth again. Hey! don’t say aren’t they politicians? that’s what they do. Yes, I know but this shook the country. I must confess that I am still very shocked at this act. See, this man told the world that he wanted nothing to do with this particular man and the party of this man. He publicly denounced the party because he said they have sucked the country dry. He told us 4 years ago that he would have nothing to do with this particular party not only that, the candidate of this party happened to be in his black book but as it is now, the story has changed and the question is, what changed? We have no idea about it but we shall soon know. The candidate and supposed enemy has been approved by this same almighty politician as the supposed messiah of the country. Hmmph! We are here, we are watching. You say one thing today, change it tomorrow, say another tomorrow and change it the next time because of some interest we cannot fathom. We are here, we are watching ooooo. We are not blind.
The main thing sef is, the man is supposed to be a credible elder statesman but

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.474144
Retrieved Text: There has been much outrage about the delivery man who was caught on camera eating a customer's food order. There is so much I want to say, and will try to be succinct here.
Stealing food is an act of desperation, not a fraudulent or unethical one. Here's a man who's possibly underpaid, overworked, does not get proper breaks and has expenses that sometimes cause him to go hungry. We as a society, and Zomato as an organisation have failed him, if he's had to steal the most basic necessity for himself. We don't know his circumstances, his financial obligations, and the needs of his loved ones. We don't know how much he is sacrificing to get by on a day-to-day basis.
Do the right thing Zomato, and take responsibility for his plight. It's so much easier to blame the man and fire him, isn't it? How about giving us some visibility into what you pay your delivery people, how you treat them, and what you hold them responsible for apart from delivering food? Such as, having to pay for late deliveries? Do you make the people at the bottom of your food chain pay for not being able to keep the promises made to your customers? Also, do you offer them minimum wage at all? Do you give bonuses? Do you incentivize good performance? Do they have a lunch allowance? Do you give them proper breaks from work and stand up for them when customers treat them like dirt? Or is all of that reserved for your

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.453302
Retrieved Text: ÷. Out Now: https://atlanti.cr/yt-album Subscribe to Ed's channel: http://bit.ly/SubscribeToEdSheeran Follow Ed on... Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/EdSheeranMusic Twitter: http://twitter.com/edsheeran Instagram: http://instagram.com/teddysphotos Official Website: http://edsheeran.com -- | LYRICS | -- Ain’t got a soapbox I can stand upon But god gave me a stage, a guitar and a song My daddy told me, son don’t you get involved in politics, religions, other peoples’ quarrels I’ll paint the picture let me set the scene, I know when I have children, they will know what it means And I’ll pass on the things my family’s given to me Just love and understanding positivity We could change this whole world with a piano Add a bass, some guitar, grab a beat and away we go I’m just a boy with a one man show No university no degree but lord knows Everybody’s talking about exponential growth And the stock market crashing and their portfolios While I’ll be sitting here with a song that I wrote Saying love could change the world in a moment But what do I know? Love can change the world in a moment But what do I know? Love can change the world in a moment But what do I know? The revolution’s coming, it’s a minute away I saw people marching in the streets today You know we are made up of love and hate But both of them are balanced on a razor blade I’ll paint the picture let me set the scene I know, I’m all for people following their dreams Just remember life is more

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.351791
Retrieved Text: We all know how the words “I Love You” sound. But, do we all know how they look?
"The Five Star Man" is a dating handbook written for women and discusses the hazards of dating while at the same time examines the overall stability of today's man. It encourages women to use the dating period as a time of investigation and not just infatuation and suggest that choices be based on self-worth and value rather than on pure attraction and desire.
Unlike so many other books on this topic “The Five Star Man”, does not instruct women in the method of getting and keeping a man, instead it focuses on men and discusses some of the reasons many are not suitable for dating and marriage.
The primary goal of this book is to give women a new sense of direction, purpose, and self worth, while equipping them with the tools needed to identify the man who is truly deserving.
How to Date with Confidence.
Depression & Anxiety - What can be done about it.
What to do when you meet someone you know is not right for you.
6 Helpful Suggestions to avoid wasting time.
Online Dating - How to know that your communicating with a real person.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.344011
Retrieved Text: A family that is poor does not have enough food, so even the daughter, Minli, has to work. One day, Minli’s father tells Minli a story about Old Man of the Moon. He will answer only one question in every ninety-nine years. Soon, a goldfish tells her how to get to the Old Man of the Moon, so she decides to look for the Old Man of the Moon. She goes to find the Old Man of the Moon; she meets a dragon tied in ropes. Minli helps the dragon because he needs to see the Old Man of the Moon since the dragon cannot fly. They start to look for the borrowed line and they stop by a city while the dragon stays outside the city while Minli looks for the borrowed line, the bridge, in order to ask a question. Minli meets the king and the dragon meets the stone lions and surprisingly, there are two borrowed lines. They find the path to the Old Man of the Moon and unfortunately, the bridge is too small for the dragon to walk across, so Minli goes by herself. The Old Man of the Moon tells Minli that she can only ask one question. She soon decides if she should help the dragon or her family.
I thought that this book was a nice and easy one. I thought this book was nice and easy because there were not many words I did not understand. The vocabulary was a bit too easy in this book. It was

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.336964
Retrieved Text: We need to know everything about this video.
Where these dues are hanging out...why they were swimming there....who they are...we have SO many questions that need to be answered.
This video has been going viral the last couple of days, and we know so little about it. A group of friends appear to be hanging out in some sort of river, and when the video begins, an alligator is quickly approaching a gentleman still in the water. His buddy is hurling rocks and shouting and trying to do everything he can to cause the alligator to flee.
Nothing works, so what does he do? He drops a freakin' Macho Man Randy Savage elbow drop! We're not kidding!
We think we saw the alligator leaving the area after the elbow, so nice elbow, random jungle man. What would you have done in a similar situation?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.312857
Retrieved Text: I'm glad to hear back from you,I would love to get to know you more better..I hope this questions will take us to the next level and we could build a long lasting relationship,Just thought it would be a nice idea to know somethings about each other,it will be my pleasure to get to know more about you and answer the following love questions openly and honestly with each other..
What do you seek for in a relationship?
What are the basic qualities you seek for in a Man?
What sort of relationship you seek for?
What religion, if any, do you believe in?
Are you morning or night person?
What is your idea of a perfect date?
Do you like public intimacy?
What are the top ten gifts You would like to receive from Your Love?
What did You always want to be when you "grew up?
How do you treat your man?
Can you love this man?
Would you hit your man for any reasons?, b'cus i don't hit my lady for any reason as well. but asking all of those questions will definitely bring us a step forward and closer in getting to know one another.
Thanks for the mail well My smile lights up my personality.. it tells more about my outlook on life positively.I have a warm and caring personality that makes you feel like an old friend,Jocular and fun attitude.I think it's important to have a strong and stable family filled with people that you can trust.People you can talk to and know they love you for all your faults and don't try

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.299786
Retrieved Text: Paul once mentioned some who had “a zeal for God, but not according to knowledge” (Rom. 10:2). That fellow inVirginiamight be “likened unto them.” But at least his attitude was good. Even if one does not understand what the Bible says, it is good to have a basic faith that is willing to take whatever it says. That, of course, has led to many misunderstandings, but it is far better for a man to have faith in what he understands about the Bible, even if he misunderstands it, than for one to not even believe what he thinks the Bible says. The first one can be taught, and will do better when he learns better. The second one may be taught, but if he did not do what he thought the Bible taught in the first place, he is usually not willing to do what he learns anew.
Paul is a good illustration of the point. He misunderstood what God’s will was. But he was very much concerned about doing it. God can use a man like that, and use him mightily! But if Paul had not cared about these peculiar people whom he thought were blaspheming God, and cared enough about God’s will to try to get rid of them in accordance with what he thought was God’s will, God could scarcely have found any use for him if he had been dragged into the Kingdom.
We would far rather be in the position of the good, ignorant man who thought Jesus talked about the foolish Virginians

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.282131
Retrieved Text: Dating different guy will need different preparation. This is because every person is not the same. We all have our own way of thinking and our own culture that shape our point of view about something. We will need more information about our crush if he has different nationality because surely he has a different behavior.
Today, I would like to talk about the things you need to know about dating a Portuguese man. Portuguese man is different compare to Brazilian even though many people thought that they are all the same. So, here are few things that you need to know about them.
Before you start dating someone, surely there are some things you need to know about dating a Portuguese man. So, here are some information that I can give you to help you to get to know him better.
To make a good impression basically you need to make a good appearance impression. Your appearance will somehow reflecting your personality. A good ways to make a good first impression is by having a neat appearance. Having a neat appearance is not equal with using an expensive clothes.
Portuguese man is a very smart guy. When some guys only know one or two language, Portuguese guy can understand lots of language that you don’t even understand. So, if you want to get to close to him, you will need to know the ways to make a guy fall head over heels for you which is by being a smart woman too.
If you are expecting him to be a

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.19985
Retrieved Text: Angels always transformed themselves into human form, so it is likely they mated with women to produce soul less humans.
God said seed of it's own kind. Nobody knows what went on in those days. The nephilim definitely were not angels. God created angels as messengers. In the book of Job tells the devil he can do anything to Job, but he can't kill Job. Angels do not have the ability to procreate.
That was given to man when man sinned against God. We have giants in this world today. I believe in the past, as far back as Genesis, the earth was more pure than it is today, therefore man could be born bigger and stronger.
It seems that when we do not understand something we speculate on what might have been. Nobody really knows. Unless God tells us in His word we will always assume. I do know, God said these men were men of reknown.
We have people in this world today that are rich beyond compare. They are men of reknown. The Bible was written so everybody can understand what is written in it, just by experience of everyday living. Solomon said, there is nothing new under the sun. We live in a world where life goes on day after day. We only know what someone else knew before us.
This is what we base our lives on. The mysteries of God are only given to those who are spiritually alive to God. Born again. Jesus said, we speak about what we know. I guess we make

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.199625
Retrieved Text: Designed by Man is the result of the idea of converting a jerrycan into a bar. I asked Jacquin Brada about the story of Jerrycan Bar.
Jacquin Brada and Dean van Vliet come up with the idea of creating a small secret bar by using jerrycan. In 2016, after getting positive feedback on social media, they decided to establish Designed by Man. They have also expanded their collections by designing new products. I talked with Jacquin Brada, Co-Founder of Designed by Man, to learn more about Jerrycan Bar and their future plans.
Jacquin, before start to talking about Designed by Man, could you tell us about your background and design experiences?
My colleague Dean is the designer of Designed by Man. We both have studied to become furniture makers. After this study, Dean did product development study at the university.
How did you decide to establish Designed by Man? What inspired you?
Dean came one night to me with this idea. I thought it was very cool, so we took a beer from the fridge and started designing. After the design was ready we produced the first prototype. We pitched it on social media and did not know what happened. So many likes and reactions people wanted to order our product. It was amazing.
Could you tell us about Designed by Man and your team?
How did you come up with the Jerrycan Bar idea?
It was inspired from a DIY project on youtube thought this could work. So we produced our prototype and launched it.
What are the features of Jerrycan Bar? What type

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.190409
Retrieved Text: Reporter: Good evening and welcome to the Channel 6 News, coming to you live from downtown Bethlehem. With the forthcoming census, the population is in a state of unrest, and we are here to gauge the mood of the people at this historic time.
The government’s enforced policy of requiring this census is proving to be hugely unpopular. Chaos has been compounded with confusion with the command that each family be registered in their home town.
We have with us Quirinius, governor of Syria, who is responsible for this policy. Governor, how do you justify this policy which is causing such upset?
Quirinius: How good it is to be here and have this opportunity to send all your viewers seasons’ greetings.
Quirinius: The failures of the previous government to invest in our transport infrastructure are highlighted by this present predicament. If their transport policies had been more forward looking, this would never have happened.
Reporter: And isn’t it true that people are exploiting the situation at this season of goodwill? We have verified reports that accommodation is fully booked, and innkeepers have doubled the usual price for a room.
Reporter: (interrupting) We must leave it there, Governor, and thank you for joining us.
Reporter: (aside) Politicians! And he only gets one mention in the original story! (to camera) With more news, views and reactions this Yuletide, join Katie Dare-him and the Channel 6 news team after this break.
Voiceover: Headache? Tense, nervous headache?
Voiceover: Stressed out with all the seasonal shopping?
Headache: Battling for presents, fighting through the crowds, so many things to remember. My head

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.18934
Retrieved Text: Chick Flick? or Man Picks? What’s your favorite? Why do they need to be categorized? Do men really enjoy ” Chick Flicks” ? and Do women actually enjoy ” Man picks”? Besides figuring out where to eat , picking a movie always seems to always be a tough decision for Netflix and Chill nights or Date night. Come hear what we have to say about our favorites in these categories and what our other listeners have said. You know we are big movie buff’s here at BLB, Come join in the convo!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.178509
Retrieved Text: Livraison, ville de Hyeres, Pictures from the 3rd issue of Livraison magazine (Sweden)What is more inspiring; to know it all or wonder what is hidden under the surface? If you heard a story about a young, handsome and quite marvellous man, who after a sudden fall from the top of the stairs ended up dead and was discovered to wear a mask, what would you think? Under the mask his real, old face was revealed, covered with awfulblisters. The ladies didn't know how to react. His death deprived them a love of their life, but also saved them from being foolish with anold man. They asked themselves why he had worn the mask but couldn't find the answer.
In the concept magazine of Livraison, this story was the beginning of an issue about hidden faces and secrets. What do we have to hide and how do we hide it? Or is the mask a way to show the world how we see ourselves?
In collaboration with villa Noailles, Livraison selected the best ones to show in the city of Hyeres. A mix of ugly, horrifying, beautiful and weird masks. Who do you see behind it?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.167877
Retrieved Text: QUIZ: How Well Do You Know Your Man?
Do you mistakenly believe you know your man well? Take my quick quiz to find out how well you do – or don't!
I'm frequently privy to the reasons why relationships fall apart, or at least witness them as they go through bumpy patches. A common complaint I hear is, "I thought I knew him," or "he's not the man I thought he was!"
Why do so many women come unstuck with this issue - thinking a man's one thing and then being surprised he isn't? What happens is we transfer our own emotions and beliefs onto our significant other. In believing that we know ourselves, we think we know them. This includes our likes and dislikes, and importantly, our relationship expectations, etc. We heap these things on to him when he may be thinking very differently. Such "transference" prevents us seeing the reality of who our partner really is.
We're all guilty of this to varying degrees and of course men do it too. However I think we women are more prone to this. You might think you know your partner but do you really? Answer the following questions honestly to find out.
7/ Do you get frustrated when you two argue?
C/ Think he's a "moody so-and-so"
You're not psychic but you understand and respect his differences. You don't jump to conclusions about what he may be thinking. Your relationships will be happier because you want to see his side of things.
Use "I" statements. That is, begin statements with "I think," or "I

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.154009
Retrieved Text: Yesterday we thought about being left destitute. We discussed the icky, sticky, goo sandwiching people together intimately. If you did not get a chance to look at that click here before continuing on, please.
Most of you reading this are married. Did you marry a Ladies Man, a Man's Man, or the man of your dreams? Hopefully, you married the man and while it is good to discern character and integrity, do you have him trapped in your dreamworld man. But what about the men? (Yes they do this also) Did he marry his "dream girl" and now she has to be some imaginary "every man's dream". As we stated yesterday, love is kind, not manipulative. We are in relationships to help guide each other in reality, not fairy tales. We can set some pretty unrealistic expectations of what real life can actually be verses what we perceive is the real life everyone else is whimsy-ing around in.
When someone is a perfectionist, they can't let you off the hook. They cannot allow you to set a hook either. They will do anything even hook you deeper to escape any pain. While we must be able to express how relationships affect us, this is only to communicate the icky, sticky, goo. After the mess has been defined, it is time for everyone to pitch in and just do clean up on isle 9. That's all! So this pain, they are fantasizing about doesn't exist except in their mind. They create much more pain for themselves and other, than

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.146624
Retrieved Text: Listen to three conversations using relative pronouns.
Man: Who is this party for?
Woman: Tim. He's the guy who I was telling you about.
Man: Refresh my memory. Is he the guy who opened the new cafe.
Woman: No, that's Larry. He's the guy who just moved in the house down the street.
Man: Oh, the house that has that huge garage.
Woman: Yes, that's the house and that's the guy.
Man: So, where do you work?
Woman: I work for a tech company that makes business software.
Man: Really, what kind of software do you make?
Woman: We build tools that help companies manage their money.
Man: Really. My company, which deals with that sort of thing, might be interested.
Woman: Great. Let me give you my card.
Man: Do you know whose desk this is?
Woman: I think that is Joan's desk.
Man: No, that's Joan's desk. The one that has two monitors is Joan's desk.
Woman: Hmm! Well then, I don't know whose it is then.
Man: Well, someone must know who sits here.
Woman: Right, someone. Just not us.
I went to a shop where they sold rare clothes.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.14464
Retrieved Text: . . . Start here: A man should never be left alone with his thoughts if you know he doesn't have thoughts worth thinking . . .
. . . When we let a man loose in society, we must ask ourselves the same question we'd ask a parent: 'Did we do everything possible to make sure that individual can be a productive member of society?' If we didn't, we've ultimately punished society.
. . . Everything we know about punishment says it should be swift, relevant and weighted to the action, and once meted out, should not interfere with that individual's ability to move on with their life. Likewise a punisher shouldn't be looking for ways to make things worse, either in the short-term or long-term . . .
. . . If individuals who end up in prisons tend to be less literate, access to libraries with books fills no gaps for many of them. Audio/text-based learning does . . .
. . . If we give a man a puzzle he cannot solve, we teach him how 'dumb' he is . . .
. . . If we want prisoners to start communicating with each other in ways which solve problems, we should give them something weighty to work on which does not directly affect them (they may not yet be ready to work on themselves) but has a direct bearing on others--particularly those in the communities they grew up in--things like: What resources do you see in the community that people don't use?; What resources do you

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.143595
Retrieved Text: “14 For we know that the law is spiritual: but I am carnal, sold under sin. 15 For that which I do I allow not: for what I would, that do I not; but what I hate, that do I. 16 If then I do that which I would not, I consent unto the law that it is good. …” (Romans 7:14-25).
In our previous tranche of articles in this series on Romans, we studied one of the most neglected passage in the book, namely Romans 7:7-23. In the present instalment, we are entering into one of the most controversial passages in the book.
The apostle Paul is still speaking about his spiritual experience. But commentators are divided as to whether he is speaking about his present experience, or his experience prior to his conversion. Is it Paul the Christian, or Saul the Pharisee speaking? Most Reformed commentators believe that Paul is speaking about his Christian experience. But there are a few such as J. Oliver Buswell and Martin Lloyld-Jones who feel that Paul must be speaking about his experience before his conversion.
They ask, for example, how could Paul say that he is “sold under sin” (v. 14) if he is speaking of himself as a believer? Remember how Elijah condemned Ahab for “[selling himself] to work evil in the sight of the LORD” (1 Kgs 21:20)?
What do we say? We say that there is a world of a difference between “being sold under sin” and “selling oneself to sin.” There is a world of a difference between

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.137672
Retrieved Text: “1 Know ye not, brethren, (for I speak to them that know the law,) how that the law hath dominion over a man as long as he liveth? 2 For the woman which hath an husband is bound by the law to her husband so long as he liveth; but if the husband be dead, she is loosed from the law of her husband. 3 So then if, while her husband liveth, she be married to another man, she shall be called an adulteress: but if her husband be dead, she is free from that law; so that she is no adulteress, though she be married to another man.…” (Romans 7:1-6).
There was a godly woman known to most of us. She was married to an authoritarian husband through a kind of arranged marriage. I am not sure if she loved him. But she certainly submitted to him.
She lived with him for many years. She was under his control. She did what he wanted. She allowed him to run her life. She believed that this was the only way she could be happy. But now the husband is dead. His wife is free to marry another. But she does not feel free. She seems to forget that he is dead. She still fears to offend him. She still fears his voice in her heart. She still does what he wished her to do. In a way she is still held on the attitude and belief that she would be happy only if she did what her late

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.107405
Retrieved Text: Are you looking for the best and most effective write up that will help you understand how to go about with men, how to talk to them and also get an idea on what they want? Worry less as Say This To Men has been specially made for you.
Relationships nowadays are crumbling down just because we do not understand each other. Ladies we are given a chance to actually get to know our men more and also understand what they actually want. This will fix your relationship.
This review will educate you as to why you should trust this great write up and you will be able to experience the kind of love we see on movies and those we dream of. Your man will also be in a position to understand you better also and end up having a healthy relationship.
What is Say This To Men?
How does Say This To Men work?
This is a very comprehensive relationship fixing and also bonding book guide, specially designed for ladies that will put them in a position of understanding their men more. You will get to know how to communicate and also express your emotions to him.
If there’s that man who you have fallen for and you are seeking for the best way to gain his attention and also attract him, you are also catered for in this great write up. You also get information on how you can write text messages to make him notice you.
Most marriages and relationships are falling down nowadays. We then do not seek

================



======= Instance Index 47 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

Norman: Hey, neighbor. How's it going?

Shawn: Fine. How about you?

Norman: Okay. Huh, by the way, my wife and I are going out of town this weekend, and I was wondering if you could take care of some of our animals while we're gone. You know our dog, Jaws, don't you?

Shawn: Yeah. My leg still hurts from the last incident.

Norman: Hey, he's just a playful little beast.

Shawn: Right.

Norman: Hey, he likes to bark a little, and his bark is worse than his bite.

Shawn: Oh yeah.

Norman: Just feed him a can of dog food a day, and make sure he has plenty of water in his dish. [Oh] And then, take him for a walk around the block.

Shawn: Well, how about if I just throw a Frisbee over the fence to give him some exercise? Wouldn't that work?

Norman: Ah, and then, he likes to watch the 3:00 soap opera on Channel 4 [What?] ... and brush his teeth after you give you some doggie treats around 4:00.

Shawn: Man, you really pamper your dog.

Norman: And, then brush his fur for about twenty minutes. He tends to shed this time of year. [Ah, what?] And then scratch him around the ears. Otherwise, he feels neglected.

Shawn: Is that it?

Norman: Well, and then there's Claws.

Shawn: Claws? Who's Claws.

Norman: Oh, he's the cat we adopted from the animal shelter, but he's a little temperamental.

Shawn: What do you mean "temperamental"?

Norman: Well, he has mood swings [Mood swings?], but he's been doing better since he's been going to the animal therapist.

Shawn: A therapist?

Norman: So, be sure to feed him a half cup of cat food two times a day [What? A therapist ...], and don't forget to put out (on) some soft classical music during his nap time at 2:40 p.m. But don't let him out of the house because he might run away and chase the neighbor's dog.

Shawn: You have some high-maintenance animals.

Norman: Not really. And, don't forget to change the cat litter daily, or he might have an accident on the carpet. [Oh, great.] And finally, there's Buttercup.

Shawn: Buttercup? Who's Buttercu ...? I'm afraid to ask.

Norman:...

Question: What is one of Shawn's concern about the dog? 

- It can be somewhat aggressive.

- It eats too much food at one time.

- The dog might mess on his carpet.

Target Text: It can be somewhat aggressive.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 24.603209
Retrieved Text: 5 reviews of Shawns Christmas Trees" This place is great have a huge selection of trees from the small cute baby ones to the HUGE ones lol. They also have a. We have been selling Christmas trees in West Los Angeles for 37 years.
We are one of the oldest individually owned Christmas tree lot in the area, with an ever increasing Shawn christmas trees culver city and discriminating clientele, which surprises us by following us year after year of peregrinations through the city. Take your friends and family to a world of exciting thrills and endless fun at Shawns Pumpkin Patch& Christmas Trees in Culver City. Shawns Pumpkin Patch& Christmas Trees' patrons can find places to park in the area. Nov 20, 2017.
You'll find more trees (and parking spots) at the La Cienega location, but both the Palms and Westchester Shawn's Christmas Trees lots carry. Oct 22, 2017. It's Christmas time in the city!.
photo: Shawn's Christmas Trees. Location: There are Delancey tree lots this year in Culver City, Pasadena. 4 visitors have checked in at Shawn's Christmas Trees. By submitting this form, you are granting: Shawn's Pumpkin Patch& Christmas Trees, 5107 Russo Street, Culver City, California,United States, http: //www. Shawn's Christmas Trees in Culver City, CA: location, website, hours, maps, driving directions, and more. Get reviews, hours, directions, coupons and more for Shawn's Christmas Trees at 6815 S La Cienega Blvd, Los Angeles, CA.
Search for other Christmas Trees in Los Angeles on YP. com. We have been selling Christmas trees in West Los Angeles for 40

########
Rank: 1
Score: 24.545183
Retrieved Text: One of my favourite authors has a great discussion going on at her place. Its about our Pet Peeves in reading. This is something that i have been thinking about recently as reviewers get more angsty about what they read – whether it’s a higher standard that they demand, or there fantasy was not fulfilled or just too picky.
What ever the reasons – it more less steams from our our personal Pet Peeves.
Jump over to Shawn’s Blog – Shawn Lane Writes Romance and share what are your no on’s in reading.
Here’s a bit of what going on so far.
The only one I can think of is the TSTL (too stupid to live) main character which can be present in any plot, really, but thankfully I come across that much less in m/m romances (which is almost all I read these days). But this isn't really a plot element.
Join the fun – Follow the links and get involved – Let us know your Pet Peeves.
Please leave all Related Comments on Shawn’s Blog – I am piggy backing on this topic……. Just leave a line here to say you have left a comment there.
Popped over at Shawn's blog and left a comment. I don't have any pet peeves about storylines, but I enjoyed her post and your thoughts.
Interesting topic. I went over and posted a comment on Shawn's blog too... I really don't have any pet peeves. As long as the story is a good one and I'm entertained even the 'predictable' plots are good. Basically the only

########
Rank: 2
Score: 23.999922
Retrieved Text: The first book in this series was a difficult one to read.
I became emotionally invested in what Shawn and Connor had to go through.
This time we catch up with them on a new mission and Connor is debating whether to take a promotion that would ultimately take him away from Shawn for months at a time.
He had just accidentally caused a loss of life that he can't cope with and seems about ready to throw his own away with it.
Being ordered to take part in a mission before he decides, he comes face to face with a lover from Shawn's past.
With the two men already fighting over his new job, it could be the thing that breaks them for good.
Julian knows every little secret from Shawn's past and something isn't right.
A thrilling ride with a stunning conclusion.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 23.038256
Retrieved Text: Rely on Shawn's Auto Repair and Performance in Richland Center, WI 53581 to provide quality care for your vehicle's undercarriage. Stop by our shop to see how we can help you or call 608-649-2886 for more information.
Anti-lock brakes prevent wheel lock-up when rapidly decelerating by automatically modulating the brake pressure during an emergency stop. With this system, the wheels are able to maintain traction with the road while braking. Failure of the anti-lock brakes could lead to an increase in the risks of multiple vehicle crashes and run-off road crashes. To avoid this, have your anti-lock brake system checked and repaired by experts. At Shawn's Auto Repair and Performance, we have anti-lock brake experts who will examine and repair your faulty ABS - keeping you safe.
Brake fluid is hygroscopic (it absorbs moisture). The absorbed moisture lowers the fluid's boiling point. It also corrodes the lines and cylinders. With the lowered boiling point, the brake fluid could boil during braking which makes you lose braking ability. Although this is an extreme scenario, it does happen in heavy braking. To reduce the effects of the absorbed moisture, auto manufacturers recommend that you have a brake flush done periodically. A brake system flush involves the replacement of used and contaminated fluid with fresh fluid. With Shawn's Auto Repair and Performance's quick lube services, you will have a brake system flush performed by brake experts. Call 608-649-2886 or visit Shawn's Auto Repair and Performance today.
A brake is a mechanical device for slowing or stopping a vehicle (usually by means of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.7622
Retrieved Text: Don't neglect your vehicle's electronic systems - trust our experts to repair your vehicle properly the first time around! A poor driving experience can often be related to a malfunctioning computer or driving controls. Come to Shawn's Auto Repair and Performance to ensure your vehicle is in top driving condition.
No one likes to see their car's "Check Engine" light come on. The light could mean a costly problem, like a bad catalytic converter, or it could be something minor, like a loose gas cap. At Shawn's Auto Repair and Performance, we can pull the code and diagnose the problem for you. Give us a call at 608-649-2886 or stop by the shop for our expert assistance.
Today, car manufacturers include at least one computer in motor vehicles. This computer's main function is to monitor and adjust engine and transmission operations. The computer receives input information from different sensors. The computer controls spark plugs, idle speed, and fuel injectors so as to get you the best possible car performance. Failure of the car computer will greatly affect the things it controls. To get the most out of your car's computer, have it evaluated regularly for updates and proper operation. If it is already failing, have it repaired or replaced. To have your car's computer handled by experts, visit Shawn's Auto Repair and Performance in Richland Center, WI 53581 today.
Mechanics at Shawn's Auto Repair and Performance are able to diagnose all the electronic parts in your car. For expert diagnostics services on your car's electronic devices, visit Shawn's Auto

########
Rank: 5
Score: 22.716518
Retrieved Text: Marie and Bruce - Did He Like It?
This revival of Wallace Shawn's Marie and Bruce features Marisa Tomei and Frank Whaley appearing in the title roles, respectively. Shawn's examination of marital strife, premiered in 1979 at The Royal Court Theatre and made its American debut at The New York Shakespeare Festival in 1980.
April 5, 2011: “Marie and Bruce,” Wallace Shawn’s 1979 portrait of a festering marriage, is just the show to see when you’re in a really, really bad mood. Not that Mr. Shawn’s play, which has been revived in high style on Theater Row by the New Group, is likely to pull you out of that mood.
April 5, 2011: By the time you take your seat at the new Off Broadway revival of Wallace Shawn's 1979 play Marie and Bruce, the drama is already in full swing. Marie (Marisa Tomei) lies awake in the bed of her middle-class 1980s New York City apartment, smoking and glaring while her husband Bruce (Frank Whaley) snores away. The effect is exhilaratingly intimate — we've tiptoed into the epicenter of a marital crisis in medias res.
April 6, 2011: Take that as a heads-up about "Marie and Bruce," Wallace Shawn's unpleasant squall of a play about a day in the life of a curdled Manhattan marriage. In the New Group revival, Oscar winner Marisa Tomei and Frank Whaley star as the dysfunctional duo, characters portrayed by Bob Balaban and Louise Lasser at the Public Theater in 1980.
April 5, 2011: In the first few minutes of the New Group's "Marie and

########
Rank: 6
Score: 22.509575
Retrieved Text: They are calling it a "production without decor". Actually, Caryl Churchill's Royal Court production of Wallace Shawn's hour-long 1975 play fills the stage with white beanbags to create the illusion of a Manhattan loft. But Churchill still captures the neurosis, panic and sexual surreality that underlie Shawn's startling vision of New Yorkers at play.
The format is simple. Lewis and Annette are throwing a party high above the city. But their guests by-pass the usual chit-chat to reveal their fears, fantasies and weird predilections. Solitary Samantha repels a sexual boarder by announcing that she's drunk wine made from sperm. Cool Kristin likes to swathe herself and her sexual partner in a burning jelly. Meanwhile, businessman Tony launches matter-of-factly into a detailed account of his unassuageable lusts and Grant, a seemingly asexual therapist, casually describes his sadistic group experiments and acknowledges the universality of paedophiliac desire.
So what is Shawn telling us? His father was the New Yorker's most famous editor, and I often feel that, in his early plays, Shawn was trying to get behind that magazine's decorous formality and expose the narcissistic strangeness and sexual obsessiveness of the real New York. But, in the light of Shawn's more recent plays, such as The Fever and The Designated Mourner, Our Late Night can also be seen as a powerful premonition of a dying, Wasp culture haunted by the tyranny of self and sexual fascism. It is no accident that Tony's account of his prodigious sexual feats takes place in the tropics and starts with the seizure of a

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.859707
Retrieved Text: Shawn Van Dyke has taken the core concepts of the Profit First methodology, created by Mike Michalowicz, and customized them to address the specific needs of the construction industry.
Profit First for Contractors addresses the major struggles contractors face and provides clear and actionable guidance on how to overcome them.
Shawn shows contractors how to go from simply getting by to becoming permanently profitable. This book is for every contractor who dreams of prosperity.
"Contracting has been in my family for four generations and it FINALLY makes sense financially. Shawn's coaching combined with Profit First have allowed us to pay our taxes with ease without trying to find the money. We are really excited because we are hitting our sales goals for the first time ever and taking the family on a vacation. I can't tell you how much everything you've walked us through means to our family and business."
"Shawn is a genius when it comes to dissecting a business and answering the question 'Why are you in business?'. The Profit First for Contractors system lays out a perfect, easy to follow formula that works and is easy to implement."
"Before Profit First for Contractors, I was running my business like some sort of missionary trying to serve the greater good. After Profit First and Shawn's coaching, I now understand the importance and necessity of putting my profits first so I can build a healthy business. If profits don't come first, I cannot do the work that I love."
"Take the grind out of business and start being profitable today! Profit

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.573273
Retrieved Text: Watch The Mystery Solved at Shawn's House!
This past week we talked about an uninvited guest in my home, my attic to be exact. We called out the "pest control" folks and the job began of removing the suspected "squirrel" that may have invaded our home. Shortly after the unexpected entry we heard the cries of babies! Watch the video as we find out happens next in Shawn's "Animal House"

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.432226
Retrieved Text: Maurie Lord (Genesis West) and Mitchell Thomas (Westmont) have been presenting Wallace Shawn's The Fever around town for the past year. They took a short break but are back with several shows over the next week. Catch it while you can!
Winner of the 1991 Obie Award for Best Play, Wallace Shawn's The Fever is a blistering, funny, compassionate, and challenging one-man show that asks, in a highly original way: is it possible, or even right, for a sensitive person to be happy in today's world?
Side note: If I were you I'd catch it on May 2 at Municipal Winemakers, You don't often get the chance to sip some great wine while watching a play.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.274801
Retrieved Text: When a rainbow was in my first frame of the day, I knew it was going to be a memorable one.
My first wedding of the season (and without being pregnant or having a newborn in four years!), I was thrilled for the opportunity to be out of the office and treated to a creative field trip to Drakes Island. Loren and Shawn's wedding took place at Loren's family's summer home in a darling tight-knit beach community in Wells, Maine. I was actually at Loren's summer house nearly 8 years ago for formal photos after a wedding ceremony of their friends! The reception was a few lanes away under a tent in a neighbor's yard.
Loren and Shawn's families embraced us with open arms and a cool calm that lingered throughout (as was a unseasonal chilly breeze at times!). Each part of the day was full of such depth, emotional substance that had me teary at multiple points. When Loren gave Shawn's youngest son a wave when she arrived at the ceremony, when her father spoke of the moment Shawn asked for his blessing to marry her and they both sobbed, when her sister spoke of her courage and all of the big sister wisdom bestowed upon her, when Shawn's kids hit the dance floor and had all of our mouths agape at their rhythm, the way Loren and Shawn lit each other up and how their love radiated all.day.long. It was an absolute pleasure to spend the day with this pair (they have a Jennifer Garner and

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.10821
Retrieved Text: This first collection of Wallace Shawn's work contains plays from the seventies and eighties, including Aunt Dan and Lemon, described by Frank Rich in the New York Times as 'the most stimulating, not to mention demanding, American play to emerge this year'.
Wallace Shawn's first play to be produced in New York was Our Late Night, directed by André Gregory at The Public Theater in 1975. A Thought in Three Parts was staged two years later by the Joint Stock Theatre Group in London, directed by Max Stafford-Clark. Shawn's next three plays - Marie and Bruce, Aunt Dan & Lemon, and The Fever - were all performed in New York at the Public Theater and in London at the Royal Court. Aunt Dan and Lemon was revived in London in 1999 at the Almeida Theatre, directed by Tom Cairns. Shawn's next play, The Designated Mourner, premiered at the National Theatre, London, with Mike Nichols, Miranda Richardson, and David de Keyser under the direction of David Hare, and was then performed in New York by Wallace Shawn, Deborah Eisenberg, and Larry Pine under the direction of André Gregory. In 2009, the Royal Court held a Wallace Shawn season, reviving Aunt Dan and Lemon and The Fever, and staging the premiere of Grasses of a Thousand Colours. Shawn wrote the libretto for Allen Shawn's opera The Music Teacher, directed by Tom Cairns for The New Group in New York (2006). Shawn translated Brecht's The Threepenny Opera (performed in New York at the Roundabout, Studio 54, directed by Scott Elliott).

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.089748
Retrieved Text: Roots the premium outdoor lifestyle brand, announces the launch of Roots x Shawn Mendes, with a capsule collection designed in collaboration with Toronto-born multi-platinum singer/songwriter, Shawn Mendes. The official release of the limited-edition collection, which celebrates Shawn's first-ever stadium show, is Tuesday, December 4, 2018 at 3:00 p.m. eastern time at the Roots x Shawn Mendes pop-up shop in the Roots store at the CF Toronto Eaton Centre. Shawn's global fanbase will be able to buy the collection online at www.roots.com on December 5, 2018. Fans that attend the in-store event will be given a code for priority presale access and guaranteed tickets to Shawn's Rogers Centre show. Roots x Shawn Mendes is the first step in an ongoing creative collaboration between Roots and Shawn.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.927076
Retrieved Text: Is SHAWN MENDES Coming Back To Manila? - MYX | YOUR CHOICE. YOUR MUSIC.
Is SHAWN MENDES Coming Back To Manila?
This month marks the second anniversary of Shawn Mendes' first concert in Manila. We're not saying it is finally time for him to return but that's exactly what we're saying!
And we got a feeling the chances are big as MMI Live head Rhiza Pascua hinted about the pop star's comeback. When asked to drop clues on upcoming shows, she replied, "Gusto ba natin ng Calvin Klein models?" ICYMI, Shawn starred in the fashion brand's latest campaign.
References to Shawn's songs began to appear while one fan even predicted that it's happening in October which RP seemingly confirmed. So what, gusto niyo ba?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.875616
Retrieved Text: Mr Shawn's dream birthday 24 hours in Paris - walking lots, a Laetitia Sadier gig and foie gras.
Everybody has their idea of what a dream 24 hours in Paris would be, ours begins with a beautifully dingy music venue in the 19th arrondissement.
We are massive music nerds and our happiest-of-happy times are seeing bands in tiny venues - and one of the happiest moments of our lives is when Superbravo take the stage (other two top happy moments are seeing Black Cab in their full band phase in a shed in Marrickville, Polysics in tiny bar in Tokyo). Superbravo is a dream band for us - two super pretty ladies in super groovy dresses and a super innovative guitarist singing quirky, folksy tunes in French. We don't understand a word but the sound of French in song makes us weak at the elbows. Alison stalked the the lady in the stripey dress and demanded to buy all their CDs, we think it weirded her out a bit.
But the reason we were here was to see the headline act, Shawn's penultimate music idol, Laetitia Sadier, playing with her most amazing band, Laetitia Sadier Source Ensemble. It's a minor exaggeration to say that Shawn travelled from Sydney to Paris just for this gig - his only regret is being too shy to speak to Laetitica at the merch table. As Bobby says in The Sopranos - "Shyness, it's a curse".
There was a small film crew at the gig though we can only find two tracks online, danggit.
We were

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.574402
Retrieved Text: George Henderson didn't expect his life to change forever after dining at a Chinese restaurant in New York City's West Village. But the event planner and caterer with Creative Edge Parties was enjoying a relaxing night with friends in the fall of 2011 when he spotted Shawn Lisle. "We were seated at the same table," he says. "Before we sat I remember saying to a friend, 'Who is that?!'" George started seeing Shawn, a graphic designer at Intermix, regularly while meeting with friends. The pair became official in the winter of 2012, and George popped the question five years later.
The Manhattan-based duo jetted off to Palm Springs, California, for a chic destination wedding on March 25, 2017. Close family and friends attended the intimate celebration, including Shawn's relatives from Seattle and George's family from upstate New York. Mid-century modern touches, desert tones, ideal weather, and classic disco music created an unforgettable night at the Dinah Shore Palm Springs Estate (432 Hermosa) for the grooms and their 50 guests.
George and Shawn printed used vintage Palm Springs postcards as their save-the-dates. Shawn then created the invitations to resemble a fashion show invite, complete with tasteful nods to the ceremony aesthetic. A palm tree motif was printed on metallic paper as a nod to some of the day's own glimmering elements. The front of the invite, which featured white ink on black matte paper, also showcased the wedding's clean and modern vibe.
Upon arrival, guests received customized tote bags with the couple's invitation text printed on the front. Contents included

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.569302
Retrieved Text: Magnus didn't know that Ramneek was in town.
Vistlik always told us that you can't teach an old dog new tricks.
Helen has promised to pay back the money he owes by the end of the month.
After Vinod's father died, his mother couldn't cope with looking after the house, so she put it on the market.
Harmon put flowers on Earnie's grave.
Hank got the job done.
Max shared his bucket of popcorn with Pratap.
If Heather is here, we have a problem.
I'm so glad that Sonja is gone.
Why are you so quick to defend Martin?
I won't do that without Boyce's approval.
I've heard that Linder will be going to Harvard.
Owen and Julius both laughed.
I don't think Rajiv should do that.
Victor wants to know if you have heard Marie's news.
Srinivasan doesn't seem to know very much about us.
Vilhelm screamed at the top of his lungs.
Guido worked for Shawn's husband.
Sandip has done some time.
Sundar, I'm going to ask that you read me the letter.
Ira's friend asked him to come to his house after school. Maurice was very excited and he ran home to ask his mother's permission.
Hilda has no reason to hide.
Luc only slept for a few hours.
Jakob rushed into the bathroom.
I bet Shari doesn't even know Milner.
I'll tell Teresa this afternoon.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.320328
Retrieved Text: Traveling is, by far, one of our sweetest joys in life - but to be home after a long trip might just top the feeling. The comfort here just doesn't compare.
On the tail end of our trip last week, we swung through Durham, North Carolina to visit Shawn's brother and sister-in-law, Erik & Shannon. Our visit with them was too short (as it always is), but the morning we left we had a chance to stop by Shannon's art studio.
Let me just say... Shawn and I both come from amazingly talented, artistic, creative families.
Shawn's parents are musicians. My parents are musicians. Shawn's brother is a graphic designer and web developer. My sister plays piano, writes songs, and sings. And Shannon - our sister-in-law - is an artist. A real artist. An artist with her own studio.
We left inspired. Her space is so uniquely her, and I can only imagine it sparks a million ideas as she walks through the door.
Her studio is gorgeous. And for some reason I thought they lived on the west coast...whoops!
y'all sure have some talented genes, how wonderful! i reaaaaally love that piece in the first picture!
and 7 more weeks?!?!? you can do it! so jealous! i have 6 more months of PA school left and it seems like 6 more years.
LOVE her space. So cool.
making our good friends and enjoyed ones the tastiest of food. cool kitchen gadgets Every year, countless designers, makers.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.18195
Retrieved Text: Attending Passion '06 in Nashville? Shawn will be performing at a late night session on Tuesday, January 3rd! Be sure to show Shawn your support! To check the Passion '06 schedule out, go to the Passion Site and select Schedule!
The time has finally come! Check out the newly designed website here! Great features include Shawn's favorite quotes, a weekly poll, v iew Shawn's photography as well as candid photos from the road, s ubmit your own photos with Shawn and your questions for him (that he will answer!!), and download tools to make your own fan site!
Check out his latest Journal...as he talks about his New Album!!
"Well to start off, much of you probably already know that I have been working on a new record. The Record is called “Ripen”, and will be released on March 7th 2006. I am really excited about this record. I tried very hard to make a record that is a true portrayal of my hearts desire and that of my journey and walk with Christ. My music is not about religion in any way, shape, or form, but that of a hard road that takes us into the heart of a man named Jesus, that has impacted this world (and me) more than any other man in the face of history. I believe that the most important thing in this life is LOVE! There is no greater. I hope that is what you will find in this new record “Ripen”."
Speaking of the New Album...Ripen -- Releases March 7th!
Mark your calendar!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.168993
Retrieved Text: Part one of this continuation can be found here.
All of the guys decided to stay, which one might give some respect to these gents for that decision, but don't forget the $100,000 either.
As they go through different type competitions to determine their dedication to becoming non-tools towards their ladies, they are evaluated from a Psychologist as to their focus, determination and effort to the task, but more importantly, their focus on the relationship between their ladies and them.
It's amazing to me how much of a bunch of douche bags all of these guys can be. They still focus more on themselves than on the teamwork of themselves and their ladies.
After a competition, all of them, with the help of the psychologist, sit in a room and go over the happenings of the competition. All well and good, right? Well, at one of these discussions the door to the room opens and in walks a lady. When asked who she is, she says, "I am Shawn's girlfriend of six years!" Can you imagine the look on Shawn's face when he's now busted badly like this?
Well, without getting too much into the happenings of the episode, my point is that even when we believe that someone is sincere about wanted to fix a broken relationship, they may not be!
I know it's just a reality show that producers go out of their way to produce drama for, but if you think about it, it is a true reflection of real life.
So, how can we know when our partner wants

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.863491
Retrieved Text: Father's Day celebrations started with going out to eat to celebrate with Shawn's Dad as he was going to be out of town. Kelly and Issac came along with Shawn's Grandmother. It was a fabulous dinner. Shawn is such a special person and I am so fortunate he is the father of my children. They could not ask for a better Daddy. He gets and A+!
The girls and I took a cute photo for Daddy and then saved it to his phone for a surprise. I also downloaded an album that he has been wanting on his iphone, which was a surprise too. The girls made him adorable cards at school and he got a nice pair of Ray Bans.
We didn't really do much. It was up to Shawn what the agenda for the day was. We just hung out with the four of us and it was perfect. Later that night my sister came over to have a slumber party with the girls and look after them on Monday while I went to work for a bit. They all three fell asleep on the couch. So cute!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.761112
Retrieved Text: Shawn's customized program with at home and gym options, and levels from beginner to advanced!
Share your fitness progress with the Booth Camp community, share on social media, and invite your friends to join!
Track your progress, how long your workout streaks are, how many workouts you've completed, and save your favorite workouts!
Shawn's favorite meals and recipes, with a Macro Calculator to ensure you're properly fueled to perform!
BOOTHCAMP App is a partnership between Plankk and Shawn Booth.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.731575
Retrieved Text: Gjika Amplification Shawn Lane Stereo Amp RARE!
Shawn Lane had the best combination of incredible speed and beautiful, melodic phrasing I've ever heard. I feel very lucky to have known and taken lessons from him. Some of my fondest memories in the late 80's and early 90's were spent in his studio, which was just a back bedroom in his Grandmother's house. He tracked some magic in that small room! When I first met him he was playing a Holmes Mississippi Bluesmaster amp, Westbury tube overdrive, and a couple of Boss pedals. His cabinet was mic'd up in the closet and pedals were on the floor in front of his mixer. I distinctly remember going over to Shawn's house right after he'd gotten his Gjika preamp and power amp. His Holmes rig sounded fantastic, but nowhere near as good as the Gjika. I'd never heard an amp like Gjika and have heard countless amps since then but to this day have not heard another like it.
If you are looking at this, I will assume you know exactly what it is and how amazing this amp is. If not, just listen to Shawn's guitar tone on "Grey Pianos Flying" from the Powers Of Ten album or his cover of Jimi Hendrix's "Peace In Mississippi" which he recorded in the early 90's but released later on The Tri-Tone Fascination. You'll get a good sense of what this amp can do.
This amp is what Bob Gjika felt was the pinnacle of single ended amp design. 40 watts stereo with 4

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.515211
Retrieved Text: Today I want to to share with you the impeccable wedding images from my bride Shawn's BIG day. I get so excited to open my inbox to find images have been sent to me by the bride/photographer (like a kid in a candy store). These photo are so beautiful, thanks to Andi Grant Photography! Thank you Shawn for having me play a part your your special day.
AND that isn't it! ...Check out more of Shawn's fairytale wedding day on the Facebook page HERE.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.49767
Retrieved Text: It reminded me of one of my experiences with Shawn's family - we were eating our first Thanksgiving dinner together. I laughed a LOT! There's no getting away from it - it's in EVERYTHING.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.490646
Retrieved Text: I look forward to every one of these podcasts. I haven't missed one of them. Shawn Coyne is a master of story craft and Tim is very brave as the "struggling" writer who lets us all peer under the tent, as he braces himself for Shawn's feedback. Highly recommended, fascinating and inspirational.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.412638
Retrieved Text: Even celebrities sometimes make mistakes on social media, as Shawn Mendes proved back in 2014 when he accidentally shared Jacob Whitesides's phone number with all of his Twitter followers. Whoops!
In case you don't remember (after all, it was over three years ago), the whole thing went down when Shawn posted a screenshot of a group text between himself, Jacob, and a few other celebs including Jack Gilinksy and Aaron Carpenter. It turns out that Jacob's number was visible in the chat, making it pretty tempting for all of Shawn's fans to send the musician a text themselves.
When he realized his mistake, Shawn deleted the tweet and acknowledged his error, writing: "Yea I leaked his number, it was a stupid accident. Sorry, I don't need to be told I'm stupid." For the record, no one is perfect, and this kind of thing could happen to anyone — celebrity or not. But it's always a good idea to double check anything you post on the internet, as Shawn learned the hard way.
Fortunately, Jacob himself wasn't too upset — and he's still laughing about it three years later. Jacob took to Twitter yesterday (August 8) to wish Shawn a happy birthday and playfully remind him of his blunder in the process. "Happy birthday to one of the most genuine and talented people out there, this will never fail to make me laugh," Jacob wrote, quoting Shawn's 2014 tweet with the addition of several laughing-crying emojis.
And if you weren't already convinced that Shawn has a good heart, Jacob's next tweet

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.3197
Retrieved Text: How To Choose Flea Medication For Cats?
A major concern when it comes to owning a dog, particularly a huge one, is having one plagued with ticks and fleas. They cause lots of health problems to your dog and these hosts are typically hard to dispose. When your dog is infested, fleas can frequently produce many new eggs a day. Using the right dog flea medicine and prevention strategies, they can be annihilated and hindered from spreading until the end of time. Go to the reference of this site for more information about flea medicine Advecta.
Not all dog flea solutions are the same nor do they deal with your concern in a similar way. A few of them destroy egg hatchlings or adult fleas while some medicine will destroy their whole life cycle. Not all dog flea medicines are administered in a similar way. You can get oral pills and also a liquid medicine that’s applied topically. No matter what flea medication, you have to pick which one will best apply to the circumstance you have nearby or you may wind up utilizing every one of them. As you might have the capacity to see at this point, counteractive action is the simplest and best device you can utilize to keep away from any flea issue.
-Keep in mind that a few dog flea medicine kill the fleas while others work to intrude on the life cycle. Utilize whichever one works best for your circumstance or utilize both if all else fails.
-Ensure to do early prevention in order

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.309303
Retrieved Text: Rumble / Priceless Moments - Toddler playfully throws sand at Boxer dog, watch their hilarious interactions.
Sorry, but I don't find anything funny about this video. The idiot parents should be teaching the child that it IS NOT cool to throw sand in ANYONE'S face--human or animal. It can cause scratches & injury to their eyes. (When an animal is digging on their own, they know when to keep their eyes closed--but not always, when something unexpected comes at them.) Also, are the parents so deaf that they don't hear the dog whining towards the end of the video?...and what is really bad is when a dog that is treated like this has finally had enough, so they bite the kid...then, the parents want to blame and/or punish and/or "get rid of" the dog. What is WRONG people? Doesn't anyone have any common sense nowadays?
Kahebert, Whilst I can understand your confusion, I can also understand how difficult it is for you to fully comprehend the relationship between Kai and Nikki. They have grown up together, Nikki was 9months when Kai was born and the lobe and closeness of their connection cannot be explained in words. Believe me , if there was anything dangerous about their interaction we , as responsible parents, would step in, as we regularly do when required. Again, thank you for your concern, however I can assure you that both boy and dog are perfectly safe and in good hands.
Now now Harambe, no need for this language. As per my reply to Kahebert, I

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.22003
Retrieved Text: After a few full hook up trips we were ready for some boon docking. We took advantage of the long holiday weekend and decided to head up to our spot in Payson. The roads are no longer maintained which I think deters a lot of people from going as there were plenty of great spots. This was also the first trip we had our razor which changes the level of fun for us!
We didn't have the best spot there for sunsets because the trees were so much more dense. We didn't mind it was just as beautiful. Shawn's parents met us there with their RV. The older girls went with them to some of the local lakes for some fishing.
We came across a camping site that had trash thrown all over the place. It was really frustrating and disappointing to see. We don't want one of our favorite camping spots shut down or permit only. The silver lining was the learning experience instilled in our children.
The last morning we were there Shawn and I were desperate for just a few more minutes of sleep. I finally got myself out from under the warm covers to see this. Ava crawled into the pack n play to be with Reece. Such a sweet sister.
When it was time to head home we casually got packed up and tried to enjoy the views just a little bit longer. Unfortunately, there were problems with the truck and we couldn't go over 25mph. So we were parked in this parking lot (one

================



======= Instance Index 48 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

Norman: Hey, neighbor. How's it going?

Shawn: Fine. How about you?

Norman: Okay. Huh, by the way, my wife and I are going out of town this weekend, and I was wondering if you could take care of some of our animals while we're gone. You know our dog, Jaws, don't you?

Shawn: Yeah. My leg still hurts from the last incident.

Norman: Hey, he's just a playful little beast.

Shawn: Right.

Norman: Hey, he likes to bark a little, and his bark is worse than his bite.

Shawn: Oh yeah.

Norman: Just feed him a can of dog food a day, and make sure he has plenty of water in his dish. [Oh] And then, take him for a walk around the block.

Shawn: Well, how about if I just throw a Frisbee over the fence to give him some exercise? Wouldn't that work?

Norman: Ah, and then, he likes to watch the 3:00 soap opera on Channel 4 [What?] ... and brush his teeth after you give you some doggie treats around 4:00.

Shawn: Man, you really pamper your dog.

Norman: And, then brush his fur for about twenty minutes. He tends to shed this time of year. [Ah, what?] And then scratch him around the ears. Otherwise, he feels neglected.

Shawn: Is that it?

Norman: Well, and then there's Claws.

Shawn: Claws? Who's Claws.

Norman: Oh, he's the cat we adopted from the animal shelter, but he's a little temperamental.

Shawn: What do you mean "temperamental"?

Norman: Well, he has mood swings [Mood swings?], but he's been doing better since he's been going to the animal therapist.

Shawn: A therapist?

Norman: So, be sure to feed him a half cup of cat food two times a day [What? A therapist ...], and don't forget to put out (on) some soft classical music during his nap time at 2:40 p.m. But don't let him out of the house because he might run away and chase the neighbor's dog.

Shawn: You have some high-maintenance animals.

Norman: Not really. And, don't forget to change the cat litter daily, or he might have an accident on the carpet. [Oh, great.] And finally, there's Buttercup.

Shawn: Buttercup? Who's Buttercu ...? I'm afraid to ask.

Norman:...

Question: What is Shawn supposed to do between 3:00-4:00 p.m. for the dog? 

- Take the dog for some exercise with a Frisbee.

- Feed him an afternoon doggie treat for a snack.

- Let the dog watch a program on television.

Target Text: Let the dog watch a program on television.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 43.422913
Retrieved Text: Monday, April 1, 2019 - 4:00 p.m. to 5:15 p.m.
Wednesday, April 3, 2019 - 10:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m.
If you need help completing your Canadian income tax return, take advantage of the Community Volunteer Income Tax Program offered in partnership with the Canada Revenue Agency. Trained volunteers can help you with your taxes if you meet the eligibility requirements. Please visit the program page for more information.
Wednesday, April 3, 2019 - 4:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m.
Focus on Science, Technology, Engineering, Art and Math (STEAM) with Teen Tech Keira! There will be building, experiments, art, tech gadgets and more! Ages 4-12. Cost: $5 for the session. Registration required. Registration opens Monday, March 4.
Paws to Read® is a program that allows children to read aloud to a child certifed therapy dog and their dog handler in order to improve the child’s reading and communication skills. Register for one or more 15 minute reading sessions. Ages 4 and up. Spring registration opens Monday, March 4.
Thursday, April 4, 2019 - 10:00 a.m. to 10:30 a.m.
Thursday, April 4, 2019 - 11:00 a.m. to 11:45 a.m.
Friday, April 5, 2019 - 11:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m.
Monday, April 8, 2019 - 4:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m.
Do you love Minecraft? Come to the Library to design and build in creative mode. Work on build challenges together with Teen Tech Keelan. For programs with a fee, payment is due upon registration. Ages 7-12 years. Cost: $10. Spring registration opens Monday, March 4.
Tuesday, April 9, 2019 - 3:30 p.m. to 4:30 p.m.
Wednesday, April 10, 2019 - 10:00

########
Rank: 1
Score: 41.625134
Retrieved Text: Mon. between 8:00-8:59 a.m. Mon., Apr. 29 12:30-2:30 p.m.
Mon. between 9:00-9:59 a.m. Mon., Apr. 29 2:45-4:45 p.m.
Mon. between 10:00-10:59 a.m. Tues., Apr. 30 10:15 a.m.-12:15 p.m.
Mon. between 11:00-11:59 a.m. Tues., Apr. 30 12:30-2:30 p.m.
Mon. between 12:00-12:59 p.m. Wed., May 1 10:15 a.m.-12:15 p.m.
Mon. between 1:00-1:59 p.m. Wed., May 1 12:30-2:30 p.m.
Mon. between 2:00-2:59 p.m. Thurs., May 2 8:00-10:00 a.m.
Mon. between 3:00-3:59 p.m. Thurs., May 2 12:30-2:30 p.m.
Mon. between 4:00-5:59 p.m. Mon., Apr. 29 5:15-7:15 p.m.
Mon. between 6:00-7:59 p.m. Mon., Apr. 29 7:30-9:30 p.m.
Tues. between 8:00-8:59 a.m. Mon., Apr. 29 8:00-10:00 a.m.
Tues. between 9:00-9:59 a.m. Mon., Apr. 29 10:15 a.m.-12:15 p.m.
Tues. between 10:00-10:59 a.m. Tues., Apr. 30 8:00-10:00 a.m.
Tues. between 11:00-11:59 a.m. Tues., Apr. 30 2:45-4:45 p.m.
Tues. between 12:00-12:59 p.m. Wed., May 1 8:00-10:00 a.m.
Tues. between 1:00-1:59 p.m. Wed., May 1 2:45-4:45 p.m.
Tues. between 2:00-2:59 p.m. Thurs., May 2 10:15 a.m.-12:15 p.m.
Tues. between 3:00-3:59 p.m. Thurs., May 2 2:45-4:45 p.m.
Tues. between 4:00-5:59 p.m. Tues., Apr. 30 5:15-7:15 p.m.
Tues. between 6:00-7:59 p.m. Tues., Apr. 30 7:30-9:30 p.m.
Wed. between 4:00-5:59 p.m. Wed., May 1 5:15-7:15 p.m.
Wed. between 6:00-7:59 p.m. Wed., May 1 7:30-9:30 p.m.
Thurs. between 4:00-5:59 p.m. Thurs., May 2 5:15-7:15 p.m.
Thurs. between 6:00-7:59 p.m. Thurs., May 2 7:30-9:30 p.m.
* If you do not find your class time above, see #4 below.
1. Final examinations are scheduled on the basis of the first class-hour meeting of the week. This is irrespective of whether the first hour is a lecture or a laboratory.
2. Please note that each class' time block includes multiple possible start times. For example, "between 8 a.m. and

########
Rank: 2
Score: 41.47286
Retrieved Text: Roots the premium outdoor lifestyle brand, announces the launch of Roots x Shawn Mendes, with a capsule collection designed in collaboration with Toronto-born multi-platinum singer/songwriter, Shawn Mendes. The official release of the limited-edition collection, which celebrates Shawn's first-ever stadium show, is Tuesday, December 4, 2018 at 3:00 p.m. eastern time at the Roots x Shawn Mendes pop-up shop in the Roots store at the CF Toronto Eaton Centre. Shawn's global fanbase will be able to buy the collection online at www.roots.com on December 5, 2018. Fans that attend the in-store event will be given a code for priority presale access and guaranteed tickets to Shawn's Rogers Centre show. Roots x Shawn Mendes is the first step in an ongoing creative collaboration between Roots and Shawn.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 41.058792
Retrieved Text: Toddler Times – Sept. 6, 13, 20, and 27 at 10:30 A.M. for infants and toddlers.
Family Story Times – Sept. 10, 17, and 24 at 10:30 A.M. for children and their caregivers.
Sit, Stay, Read! – Sept. 17 at 2:00 P.M. Dog demonstration.
Book Clubs – Sept. 21, 6:00 P.M. for Adults and 3:30 P.M. for 8+ years old.
Bricks 4 Kidz Amusement Park – Sept. 23 from 3:00-5:00 P.M. Using Lego motorized models.
Aquaponics for Everyone – Sept. 24 at 2:00 P.M. Waianae resident Rachel Watkins will do presentation.
Call 697-7868 for more information. See links below for details and flyers.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 40.886726
Retrieved Text: Back by popular demand, one of the biggest events of the season features 30 Dachshunds in a bid for glory. Enjoy 4 dog races and 10 horse races. There are no losers, only wieners on July 5 at Grand River Raceway.
Get notified about 2019 Race Registration!
Can’t make it to the track? Watch online (starting at 6:00 p.m. EST) on July 5.
What time are the dog races? Showcased on the racetrack, between the horse races, the Wiener Dog Races will be contested in three qualifying heats starting after Horse Race #5 (approx 8:00). The Final (top 3 dogs from each heat) will be after Horse Race #7 (approx. 8:45). The trophy presentations will be after Horse Race #8 (approx. 9:00).
What time is the Costume Costume contest? Showcased on the tarmac, the Small Dog Costume Contest is after Horse Race #3 (approx 7:15). The trophy presentations to the top 3 finishers will be after Horse Race #8 (approx. 9:00).
Registration for the Costume Contest and the Wiener Dog Races opens on June 6 at 7:00 a.m. (EST). On June 6, there will be a button on the top of this web page linking to the Registration Page on Eventbrite.
Can I enter my dog in the costume contest AND the race?
Yes. Dogs can be registered for both events, but there is no dual registration form. You must register for each event separately.
The race will be approximately 20 metres.
Will there be multiple heats?
Showcased on the racetrack, between the horse races, the Wiener Dog Races will be contested in three (3) qualifying

########
Rank: 5
Score: 40.75604
Retrieved Text: 1. What are your hours of operation?
Our hours are Monday through Friday, from 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Tax payments are received Monday through Friday, from 8:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.
We are located inside the Waukesha City Hall at 201 Delafield Street in Room 104 (lower level).
3. How do I file a claim against the City of Waukesha?
4. Who should I make my check payable to?
Checks should be made payable to the City of Waukesha.
5. What forms of payment do you accept?
Checks, cash, Visa and MasterCard are acceptable forms of payment for license applications or permit fees.
6. How do I obtain a dog or cat license?
For information on how to obtain a dog or cat license, please visit our Dog and Cat Licenses page.
7. How can I get a license for my business?
8. What do I need to open a new business?
The best place to start is to visit our reference list of helpful website and phone numbers. We also suggest you consult with an attorney first.	Reference List.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 40.3848
Retrieved Text: A foundation for all the classes we teach, this orientation to communicating with your dog is a required first step for all classes through A New Leash on Life. Cost is included with any class registration.
Therapy Dog Certification Class (4 weeks) beginning Friday, May 3, 2:00 p.m.
Puppy Class begins the Friday after you register at 12:00 p.m.
Puppy Class begins the Saturday after you register at 12:00 p.m.
Basic Manners (6 weeks) beginning Saturday, May 11, 11:00 a.m.
Basic Manners (6 weeks) beginning Friday, June 7, 11:00 a.m.
Loose Leash Walking & Recall (6 weeks) beginning Saturday, May 11, 10:00 a.m.
Canine Good Citizen Class (6 weeks) beginning Saturday, May 11, 2:00 p.m.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 40.202137
Retrieved Text: Very cool news from the City of San Carlos – they will be utilizing an app called Parker for smart phone users to find real-time available parking spots near their favorite restaurants and shops in San Carlos. This should truly help us all find that one spot so we can jump out and enjoy food and fun in San Carlos. For more information please visit the City of San Carlos website below.
Now this put a smile on my face – great news for homeowners on the San Francisco Peninsula!!!!
In January 2014 the median sale price for a single family home in San Mateo County was $992,500 compared to the median sale price from January 2013 of $695,000. Year over year that’s a greater than 42% increase.
Curious what your home is worth in today’s market – contact The Caton Team – we would love to prepare a customized market analysis on your home and share its worth with you!
Thinking about selling? Now is the time to start getting into gear – The Caton Team is here to help! There is much to do before the For Sale sign even makes it to the lawn – and with our tried and true marketing plan, we can smooth out the process. Let us know how we can help!
Who doesn’t love a good farmers’ market! I used to think you had to wait till Sprint – till Susan found this schedule on the County of San Mateo website – so I had to share. Please enjoy – and maybe we’ll

########
Rank: 8
Score: 40.02576
Retrieved Text: This weekend in Austin, enjoy dancing and drumming, Shakespeare under the stars, a chalk festival, a book festival, free museum admission, and more!
American Indian Heritage Day – Friday from 6:30-8:00 p.m. Celebrate the traditional and contemporary arts of Texas’s American Indian groups. This FREE public program will honor American Indians of yesterday and today with dancing and drumming performances. Bullock Texas State History Museum, 1800 N Congress Ave, Austin.
Shakespeare at the Market: Twelfth Night (RSVP) – Friday, Saturday, and Sunday at 6:30 p.m. This is the last weekend to catch Present Company’s third annual Shakespeare at the Market on the rooftop of the downtown Austin Whole Foods Market. Seating begins at 6:30 for a 7:00 p.m. performance. Guests are encouraged to bring a blanket or short chair, and grab picnic goodies before the show. Promoting the philosophy of “accessible & sustainable art,” Shakespeare at the Market is a FREE event, however a $20 donation is suggested for guests able to support. Reserve your tickets here. Bus Routes: 4, 21, 22, 338 will get you there! Plan your trip online or on your smartphone. Whole Foods, 525 N Lamar Blvd, Austin.
Movie Night at Community Cinema: Ferris Bueller’s Day Off – Friday at 7:00 p.m. Grab chairs and a blanket, bring family and friends, and enjoy a special screening of Ferris Bueller’s Day Off. Arrive early to explore Community First! Village, pick your spot, and enjoy an 80s favorite on the big screen. Candy, popcorn, water, and sodas will be available for purchase (cash only). Concession sales and

########
Rank: 9
Score: 39.836803
Retrieved Text: 1. How do I get a copy of an accident report?
Details on this process are available on the Accident Report Procedure page.
2. How can my group arrange a tour of the police department?
Contact the Community Relations Office between 8:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m., Monday through Friday, by phone at 540-631-2763, or email at rseal@frontroyalva.com.
3. Where do I go to pay a parking ticket?
Go to the Town Administration Building located at 102 East Main Street between 8:00 a.m. and 4:30 p.m., Monday through Friday.
4. How do I get fingerprinted?
Wednesday 12:30 p.m. - 3:30 p.m.
Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 39.835377
Retrieved Text: Hermia loves Lysander and Helena loves Demetrius – but Demetrius is supposed to be marrying Hermia…. When the Duke of Athens tries to enforce the marriage, the lovers take refuge in the woods and wander into the midst of a dispute between the king and queen of the fairies. Directed by Sherri Raeford, this fanciful production of A Midsummer Night's Dream, by William Shakespeare, will travel through gardens across the Triad.
​Friday, September 23, 5:30 p.m.
Saturday, September 24, 7:00 p.m.
Sunday, September 25, 4:00 p.m.
Friday, September 30, 5:30 p.m.
Saturday, October 1, 4:00 p.m.
Sunday, October 2, 4:00 p.m.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 39.70718
Retrieved Text: Start Your Journey with Girl Scouts!
At Girl Scouts we combine life skills, STEM, the outdoors, and entrepreneurship to deliver crucial, life-changing, girl-led programming.
Our proven approach gives girls the opportunities to unleash their inner G.I.R.L. (Go-getter, Innovator, Risk-taker, Leader)™, prepare for a lifetime of leadership, and change the world. Whoa!
So what will you do? Cookies, badges, campfires, and friendship bracelets? You bet! But we’re so much more than that. At Girl Scouts, you’ll always get to think big, try new things, and be a role model in your community.
Here, the possibilities are absolutely endless. Because once your inner leader takes center stage, anything—and we mean anything—is possible.
Need to know more to help you decide what's right for you? Join us at any of the sign-ups listed below! Or, call us at 877-312-4764 to speak to a recruitment specialist.
April 5 | 4:00-5:00 p.m.
April 18 | 4:00-5:00 p.m.
April 18 | 5:30-7:00 p.m.
April 23 | 5:30-7:00 p.m.
May 6 | 1:30-3:30 p.m.
May 9 | 5:30-7:00 p.m.
May 11 | 9:00 a.m. - 1:00 p.m.
May 14 | 5:30-7:00 p.m.
May 17 | 11:00 a.m. - 1:00 p.m.
April 22 | 2:00-3:00 p.m.
April 24 | 3:00-5:00 p.m.
April 29 | 5:30-6:30 p.m.
April 17 | 5:00-6:00 p.m.
April 17 | 4:00-5:00 p.m.
April 24 | 5:00-6:00 p.m.
April 20 | 3:00-4:00 p.m.
April 23 | 3:00-5:00 p.m.
May 6 | 5:00-6:00 p.m.
May 18 | 9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.
April 25 | 4:30-5:30 p.m.
May 6 | 4:30-5:30 p.m.
April 18 | 3:30-4:30 p.m.
May 3 | 6:00-7:00 p.m.
April 20 | 1:00-2:00 p.m.
April 28 | 3:00-4:00 p.m.
May 7 | 4:00-5:00 p.m.
May 9 | 5:30-6:30 p.m.
April 15 |

########
Rank: 12
Score: 39.629684
Retrieved Text: Cookie is a lovable, seven-year-old female with a real zest for life! She loves to go on long walks and play outside. Cookie is deaf, but she is learning simple commands with the use of hand signals. She is also on a special diet and takes medication for digestive issues. If you have a heart for a special needs dog, and are committed to her long term care, please contact the Williamson County Animal Center in Franklin!
WCAC is open Monday through Friday, 10:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m., Saturdays 11:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. and Sundays 12 p.m.- 4 p.m.
Rescue of the Week is brought to you by Three Dog Bakery and Infiniti of Cool Springs.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 39.514194
Retrieved Text: Monday 8:30 A.M. 10:00 A.M.
Monday 12:20 P.M. 1:20 P.M.
Tuesday 12:20 P.M. 1:20 P.M.
Monday 10:30 A.M. 12:00 P.M.
Monday 1:30 P.M. 3:00 P.M.
Monday 3:30 P.M. 5:00 P.M.
Tuesday 8:30 A.M. 10:00 A.M.
Tuesday 10:30 A.M. 12:00 P.M.
Tuesday 1:30 P.M. 3:00 P.M.
Tuesday 3:30 P.M. 5:00 P.M.
Wednesday 8:30 A.M. 10:00 A.M.
Wednesday 10:30 A.M. 12:00 P.M.
Systems Navigator - From Model to Decision Support System: Closing the Gap Between Modelers, Analysts and Managers!
Do Mean-based Ranking and Selection Procedures Consider Systems' Risk?
Yardsim: A Rail Yard Simulation Framework and Its Implementation in a Major Railroad in the U.S.
Are All Voting Queues Created Equal?
Sunday 1:00 P.M. 2:00 P.M.
Sunday 2:30 P.M. 3:45 P.M.
Sunday 4:00 P.M. 5:00 P.M.
Sunday 5:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M.
Monday 5:10 P.M. 6:10 P.M.
Desirability Function Approach for Repairable Item Inventory System.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 39.336483
Retrieved Text: Librarian, Heidi, let me know that there is a nice selection of new children’s books. Be sure to come in and check them out. Also people have been signing up for free help with their taxes. You can either come into the library or call 796-5333 for an appointment with the consultant on February 21 for a time slot of 15 minutes between 1:00 - 6:00 p.m. We are sorry for the sometimes erratic library hours but the library is closed when the school is closed and sometimes there are just circumstances beyond what can be managed. We try hard to give notice on the door when the library will be closed.
The Princeton Parks and Recreation Committee will be having a meeting on Wednesday, January 31 at 6:00 p.m. at the Town Office. This will be the first meeting to start planning for the Fresh Water Festival. If anyone is interested in the planning or helping, please do come to this meeting. Last year the festival went beyond the shirt-tail parade with a full scale one. The group would like to continue to grow this event but help is needed to continue to have this event for our town.
Final reminder about licensing or re-licensing all dogs over 6 months of age. The deadline is Wednesday, January 31. After that a late fee of $25 per dog will be charged. Hours at the town office are: 8:00 a.m. to noon and 12:45 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. M-F.
January 30 - Downeast Lakes Land Trust Full Moon Owl Prowl

########
Rank: 15
Score: 39.024906
Retrieved Text: Brookfield, Ill. — Guests can enjoy free admission and winter-themed activities at Brookfield Zoo’s FREEze Day on Sunday, February 8. The day’s events feature cool fun for the whole family, including a dog-sledding demonstration by the Green Valley Dog Drivers between 10:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. on the zoo’s West Mall. Members of the Lemont-based dog-sledding organization will engage guests in games and musher talks with their canine teams.
Other activities include a winter weaving craft at Hamill Family Play Zoo where kids can use fabric and natural materials to create a take-home weaving board. Guests can learn about birds of prey during Zoo Chats on the West Mall at 11:00 a.m., 1:00 p.m. and 2:00 p.m. The Forest Preserves of Cook County will also be on hand to share all their fun winter activities and events.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 38.906647
Retrieved Text: Conversations with Executives are hour long discussions between successful professionals and students. In these discussions, students have the opportunity to ask questions, learn from others’ industry experience, and build their own professional network. Make sure to sign up in advance as the links will close once hitting capacity.
Sign up to participate in a Conversation by following the links below.
Monday, April 15th from 11:00 a.m. — 12:00 p.m.
Monday, April 15th from 3:00 p.m. — 4:00 p.m.
Tuesday, April 16th from 2:00 p.m. — 3:00 p.m.
Wednesday, April 17th from 11:00 a.m. — 12:00 p.m.
Monday, April 22nd from 1:00 p.m. — 2:00 p.m.
Monday, April 22nd from 2:00 p.m. — 3:00 p.m.
DJ Chhabra, CEO, Attainia, Inc.
April 23rd from 2:00 p.m. — 3:00 p.m.
Tuesday, April 30th from 3:30 — 4:30 p.m.
Thursday, May 2nd from 2:00 p.m. — 3:00 p.m.
Thursday, May 2nd from 1:00 p.m. — 2:00 p.m.
Monday, May 6th from 3:00 p.m. — 4:00 p.m.
Tuesday, May 7th from 3:00 p.m. — 4:00 p.m.
Calvin Rowland ’93, SVP Business Development, F5 Networks Inc.
Wednesday , May 15th from 3:00 p.m. — 4:00 p.m.
Wednesday, May 15th from 1:00 p.m. — 2:oo p.m.
Monday, May 20th from 11:00 a.m. — 12:00 p.m.
Tuesday, May 21st from 2:00 p.m. — 3:00 p.m.
Alicia Boyce ’95, Marketer, Apple Inc.
Joanne Smith ’82, Executive VP & Chief HR Officer, Delta Air Lines, Inc.
Thursday, May 30th from 2:00 p.m. — 3:00 p.m.
New to the Conversation with Executives format? Please click here to read the Event Instruction Sheet.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 38.86606
Retrieved Text: Promethean is attending the Future of Education Technology Conference (FETC) January 23-26, 2018 at the Orange County Convention Center in Orlando, Fla. Visit Promethean at exhibit hall booth 110 & 114 to learn how Promethean’s latest interactive solutions create an immersive learning environment in the classroom.
Volcanoes, ClassFlow & AR, Oh My!
Details: Discover tectonic plates and share what you know with assessments in ClassFlow. Using app-based instruction, find out in real-time where activity is happening. Show what you've learned through augmented reality and Quiver - all using your Promethean solutions.
Schedule: Wednesday 2:00 - 3:00 p.m., Thursday and Friday 9:00 - 10:00 a.m.
Details: Virtual reality, 3D models, polling, and presentation tools all come together to create connections between content and the real world. Combine these tools with Experiential Learning, and you have an experience that will immerse you in engagement while taking you on a personalized learning journey.
Schedule: Wednesday 3:00 - 4:00 p.m., Thursday 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.
Schedule: Wednesday 4:00 - 5:00 p.m., Thursday 12:00 - 1:00 & 3:00 - 4:00 p.m., Friday 11:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.
Details: Want to experience coding with Dot, Sphero, and the ActivPanel? Join us to see how connecting Bluetooth with the Promethean solution provides teachers exciting ways to engage students. Discover how teachers can implement coding and other STEM activities into their classrooms with Promethean.
Schedule: Wednesday 1:00 - 2:00 p.m., Thursday 10:00 - 11:00 a.m., Friday 10:00 - 11:00 a.m.
Wednesday, January 24 from 1:00 – 6:00 p.m.
Thursday, January 25 from 8:30 a.m. – 5:00 p.m.
Friday, January 26 from 8:30 a.m. – 2:00

########
Rank: 18
Score: 38.686203
Retrieved Text: Do you have an event you want people to know about?
If your charity or non-profit group would like to use the power of Withers Broadcasting to promote your event, click the button below to submit your information. Please submit your information two weeks prior to the event and allow for one business day for review.
For additional advertising information, call us at (618) 997-8123.
Come out to the annual River to River ALL CORVETTE Car Show!
Happening in Downtown Herrin on Satuday, May 11th from 11:00 AM to 3:00 PM!
All proceeds go to Friends of the Herrin City Cemetery.
Free to the public! Donations accepted!
There will be bagels, hot dogs, and soft drinks for sale.
Want to register your car?
It’s just $15! Registration begins at 10:30 AM!
For more info call Dennis at 618-889-8555.
St. Mark’s Lutheran Church and School is hosting their 8th Annual Dinner Auction on Saturday, May 4th.
All funds go towards their costs for their school and educational needs.
Doors open and the silent auction begins at 5:00 PM.
And the live auction starts at 8:00 PM.
If you want to donate or have any questions, call or text Deanna Reitz at 618-615-1350 or Sherri Buch at 618-978-0323.
This year’s theme is “Take Me Out to the Ballgame”!
Your generosity and support is greatly appreciated!
DEADLINE FOR DONATIONS AND/OR ADVERTISEMENTS is APRIL 19th.
For those of you who have participated before, you know what to expect – FUN, lots of color, some crazy costumes, informal, not timed, a great cause, oh and FUN.
This year’s race is once again being organized by our race director, Julie Hoskins, and

########
Rank: 19
Score: 38.662766
Retrieved Text: We look forward to welcoming your group to UWEC – Barron County! Use the form below to submit a group visit request. On the form you’ll be able to select an intended date along with other options to do on campus (tour, presentation, etc.).
Note: These visits are for high school groups, college access programs, and organizations bringing more than six students. Individual students and families who are interested in a campus visit should view the other options available on our visit page.
If you have questions, please contact us at uwecbcinfo@uwec.edu. We look forward to welcoming you to campus!
What is the name of your group/program/organization?
In the event that your first choice of visit date is not available, please provide an alternate date that would also work for your group.
8:30 a.m.9:00 a.m.9:30 a.m.10:00 a.m.10:30 a.m.11:00 a.m.11:30 a.m.12:00 p.m.12:30 p.m.1:00 p.m.1:30 p.m.2:00 p.m.2:30 p.m.3:00 p.m.3:30 p.m.
9:00 a.m.9:30 a.m.10:00 a.m.10:30 a.m.11:00 a.m.11:30 a.m.12:00 p.m.12:30 p.m.1:00 p.m.1:30 p.m.2:00 p.m.2:30 p.m.3:00 p.m.3:30 p.m.4:00 p.m.4:30 p.m.
Select all grade levels/student groups that will be in attendance.
Please let us know what other grade level(s) will be in attendance.
How many students will be in attendance?
How many chaperones will be in attendance?
Note: While we cannot guarantee all requests, we will do our best to meet your needs.
What topic(s) would you like to receive a presentation about?
What other activity are you interested in?
While lunch is not provided for campus group visitors, the Solution Center is happy to schedule a lunch break into your visit. Please select which of the options below you would like to do for lunch.
One

########
Rank: 20
Score: 38.609783
Retrieved Text: May 7, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
May 14, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
May 21, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
May 28, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Jun 4, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Jun 11, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Jun 18, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Jun 25, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Jul 2, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Jul 9, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Jul 16, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Jul 23, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Jul 30, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Aug 6, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Aug 13, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Aug 20, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Aug 27, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Sep 3, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Sep 10, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Sep 17, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Sep 24, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Oct 1, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Oct 8, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Oct 15, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
Oct 22, 2019 - Tue 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.
The popular FRESHFARM Market serves up fresh produce and farm products along Crystal Drive every Tuesday between May and October. Shop from local farmers and producers with seasonal fruits and vegetables,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 38.588318
Retrieved Text: Town Clean Up Day | Thursday, May 23 || 5:00 - 7:00 p.m.
Be sure to mark your calendars and come out to celebrate the changing seasons with a little spring cleaning! On Thursday, May 23, the Town will hold the fourth annual Town Clean-Up Day event, giving volunteers a chance to clean up Avon after a long winter season. The clean-up will take place between 5:00 and 7:00 p.m., with free food and drink for all volunteers on the Event Terrace beginning at 6:30 p.m.
Pop Up Concert | Sunday, May 26 || 5:30 - 7:00 p.m.
Concerts are a summer tradition in Avon and they are popping up all over town this season! In its fourth year, Pop Up Concerts will feature classical string quartets, which are scheduled to pop-up in Harry A. Nottingham Park, the Main Street Mall, and other surprise locations. Rain showers will chase these well-received concerts, if need be, into the Avon Town Hall.
These 90-minute concerts take place May - September, and they allow locals and guests a time to unwind and relax with live classical and contemporary music. Light fare and refreshing beverages are available each evening, and these performances bring an eclectic array of musical styles, from classical strings to Spanish guitars, all performed by musicians from Colorado’s most esteemed symphonies and philharmonics.
Open Water Swim | Thursday, June 6 || 5:30 - 7:00 p.m.
Nottingham Lake is back and better than ever this summer! The Avon Recreation Department provides the only open water swim in the valley. It's a perfect way to

########
Rank: 22
Score: 38.52335
Retrieved Text: Over 140,000 LEDs in Blue River Plaza will be illuminated on Dec. 8 during Breckenridge's lighting ceremony.
Days remain between now and Christmas so a trio of holiday tree lightings is planned for this weekend. Following the previous lightings at Copper, Keystone and Frisco, almost all of Summit County will now bask in the festive glow of the season. There are plenty of activities for kids and adults in Silverthorne, Dillon and Breckenridge on Friday and Saturday.
Also on Friday, Dillon will flip the switch on their holiday tree at the Marina Park Pavillion. From 4:30–7:30 p.m. there will be refreshments, goodies and a choreographed light show.
The tree will be on display from Dec. 7 to Jan. 6, with the show running every half hour from 4:30–9:30 p.m.
3–6 p.m.: Make free Christmas ornaments at BreckCreate’s Quandary Antiques Cabin, 131 S. Ridge St.
3:45 p.m.: Over 150 dogs in the holiday dog parade will head down Main Street from Main Street Station to the Blue River Plaza.
4:20 p.m.: Kids 12 and under wearing complementary antlers run down Main Street.
4:30 p.m.: More than 500 Santas will sprint along Main Street. Top finishers will win an Ullr helmet and other prizes.
5 p.m.: Santa turns on 140,000 LEDs in Blue River Plaza followed by cookies courtesy of the Breckenridge Tourism Office.
5:30–7:00 p.m.: Meet Santa at the Barney Ford Museum, 111 E. Washington Ave.
7:00–9:00 p.m.: Go caroling karaoke-style at BreckCreate’s Old Masonic Hall, 136 S. Main St.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 38.473305
Retrieved Text: Board Meetings are the 1st Tuesday of the month, the time varies per season.
General Meetings are the 2nd Saturday of the month, 8:30 a.m. to Noon (Library check out is from 8:30 a.m. to 10:00 a.m., Business Meeting is from 10:00 a m. to 11:00 a.m. and a program from 11:00 a.m. to Noon. Both meetings are held at the Pueblo Heritage Museum, 201 West B Street, Pueblo, Colorado, unless noted in the Calendar below.
RESEARCH DAY (time for members to use the library, but no checking in or out of books) is around 4 hours before each Board of Directors meeting. Time will vary depending on the season, so check below for those times.
General Meeting: Jan. 13, Charting Your Cousins. The featured speakers this month are FACC members John Valdez and Tom J. Martinez, This is going to be a two-month series about the varies way we chart and visualize our relatives. John will talk about a unique way he makes charts that show how cousins connect to a common ancestor. Tom will do the same thing, but how the DNA match between two unknown cousins show the same thing. This is an introduction to next month's presentation on "Using DNA to find your Cousins".
Board Meeting: Feb 5, 3:00 p.m.​ Research Day, 11:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m.
General Meeting: Feb. 9 Program: "Using DNA To Find Your Cousins", is the presentation this month by Tom J. Martinez, FACC Librarian. This is the 2nd Part of last month's talk by John Valdez about "Charting Cousins". Tom will present

########
Rank: 24
Score: 38.37712
Retrieved Text: Saturday, April 6, 2019, 7:30 p.m.
Thursday, April 11, 2019, 7:00 p.m.
Thursday, April 11, 2019, 5:00 p.m. – 11:00 p.m.
Friday, April 12, 2019, 5:00 p.m. – 11:00 p.m.
Saturday, April 13, 2019, 9:00 a.m. – 11:00 p.m.
Shad T-shirts and novelty items for sale.
Friday, April 12, 2019, 4:00 p.m. – 7:00 p.m.
Saturday, April 13, 2019, 9:00 a.m. – 7:00 p.m.
Sunday, April 14, 2019, 12:00 p.m. – 2:00 p.m.
Happy Hour 6:00 p.m. – 7:00 p.m.
Friday, April 12, 2019, 4:00 p.m. – 11:00 p.m.
Saturday, April 13, 2018, 1:00 p.m. – 11:00 p.m.
Grifton School Cafeteria. Lots of prizes. Snacks for sale.
Friday, April 12, 2019, 7:00 p.m. – 9:00 p.m.
12 Noon – 4:00 p.m.
4:00 pm. – 5:00 pm.
12 Noon – 3:00 p.m.
12 Noon, 2:00 p.m., 4:00 p.m., 6:00 p.m.
Bring a chair and enjoy the fellowship and the view.
Grifton School Auditorium, 7:30 p.m.
NOTICE: All ladies interested in participating in the “Miss Grifton Shad Queen Pageant” contact Directors Belinda Howard at 252-413-8907 or Susan Howard at howards@ecu.edu / (252) 917-2622.
MUST: Be between the age of 14-18, unmarried and without children, live in the Grifton residence area or within our voting district, and be a reputable role model.
Directors Belinda Howard at 252-413-8907 or Susan Howard at howards@ecu.edu / (252) 917-2622.
Grifton School Media Center, 6:00 p.m.
Grifton School Auditorium, 7:00 p.m.
We look forward to hearing from you and seeing you at the 2019 Grifton Shad Festival Parade!
Contact us from the numbers below or send us an email.
Grifton Civic Center, 12:00 p.m. – 4:00 p.m.
The 49th Annual Grifton Art Show will be a feature of the Grifton Shad Festival

########
Rank: 25
Score: 38.314987
Retrieved Text: The TCS New York City Marathon course runs 26.2 miles through the five boroughs of NYC and is a model for big-city marathons around the world. On November 4, it will move you! For detailed information, visit our Help Center. All information is subject to change.
Staging the TCS New York City Marathon necessitates closing many streets and bridges throughout NYC on Sunday, November 4. NYRR thanks all residents and visitors for their patience and understanding as we stage the world’s largest marathon in the world’s most dynamic city. All information is subject to change.
Start Verrazzano-Narrows Bridge – Upper Level Midnight 3:00 p.m.
Start Verrazzano-Narrows Bridge – Lower Level Staten Island Bound 7:00 a.m. 3:00 p.m.
Start Verrazzano-Narrows Bridge – Lower Level Brooklyn Bound 7:00 a.m. 3:00 p.m.
1 Verrazzano-Narrows Bridge – Midpoint Midnight 3:00 p.m.
2 Verrazzano-Narrows Bridge Exit to 92nd Street Midnight 3:00 p.m.
3A 4th Avenue and 82nd Street 7:15 a.m. 12:35 p.m.
3B 74th Street, before 6th Avenue 7:15 a.m. 12:35 p.m.
5K (Orange) 4th Avenue and 80th Street 7:15 a.m. 12:35 p.m.
5K (Blue) 4th Avenue and 80th Street 7:15 a.m. 12:35 p.m.
5K (Green) Bay Ridge Pkwy and 6th Avenue 7:15 a.m. 12:35 p.m.
4 4th Avenue and 63rd Street 7:25 a.m. 12:50 p.m.
5 4th Avenue and 43rd Street 7:25 a.m. 1:05 p.m.
6 4th Avenue and 22nd Street 7:25 a.m. 1:20 p.m.
10K (Orange) 4th Avenue and 18th Street 7:25 a.m. 1:25 p.m.
10K (Blue / Green) 4th Avenue and 18th Street 7:25 a.m. 1:25 p.m.
7 4th Avenue and 3rd Street 8:00 a.m. 1:35 p.m.
8 Flatbush Ave and Lafayette Ave 8:00 a.m. 1:50

########
Rank: 26
Score: 38.25903
Retrieved Text: 2nd & 3rd Thursday 9:00 a.m.-3:30 p.m.
Applications accepted until 2:30 p.m.
This location is not a state exam station and cannot serve non-citizens or first-time CDL applicants.
Tuesdays 8:30 a.m.to 4:15 p.m.
Drive tests are not conducted between 11AM and 1PM.
Contact location for dates and times.
First Three Wednesdays 8:00 a.m.- 5:00 p.m.
Applications accepted until 4:00 p.m.
Calls taken from 8AM to 5PM Central Time.
Licenses/ID cards are NOT issued from this location. See Pierre Driver Exam Station.
First & Third Wednesdays 8:30 a.m.- 4:30 p.m.
Contact Court House for dates and times.
Fridays 7:30 a.m.- 5:15 p.m.
Wednesdays, Thursdays and Fridays 7:00 a.m.- 5:30 p.m.
Tuesdays 9:00 a.m.- 3:45 p.m.
Applications for testing accepted until 2:15 p.m. All other applications accepted until 2:45 p.m.
Fourth Wednesday 9:00 a.m.-3:30 p.m.
Thursdays 8:15 a.m.- 4:30 p.m.
Please see Rosebud for schedule and location information.
Tuesday - Friday 7:00 a.m.-5:30 p.m.
Tuesday & Wednesday 7:00 a.m.-5:30 p.m.
Second, Fourth & Fifth Wednesday 8:45 a.m.-4:30 p.m.
First Tuesday 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.
Wednesday & Thursday 7:00a.m. - 6:00p.m.
*New location at 420 South Garfield, Suite 700, north of Wells Avenue and Hwy 34, just north of the Holiday station.
Applications accepted until 3:00 p.m.
Thursdays 12 Noon to 4 p.m.
Due to technical issues, this location is temporarily unable to print license and ID cards. Licenses and ID cards will be mailed to applicants within two weeks of your visit to this exam station.
Applicants will be served on a first-come, first served basis. No appointments or testing are available. This means we can process duplicates and renewals only. The exam station is closed on Saturdays that fall on a holiday weekend.
Wednesday &

########
Rank: 27
Score: 38.252876
Retrieved Text: Keep up with the latest happenings.
9 Senior Learning Session at Onslow Library hosted by Marine Federal Risk and Compliance Employees at 1:00 p.m.
11 Cape Carteret, NC Branch Event: Investment Workshop between 6:00 p.m. - 7:30 p.m.
18 Piney Green, NC Branch Event: Egg-Stravaganza between 11:00 a.m. - 1:00 p.m.
18 North Stafford, VA Mortgage Workshop between 6:00 p.m. - 8:00 p.m.
23 MCAS New River Branch Event: Car Crazy Daze between 1:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m.
4 Company Wide Meeting - All Branches and Live Tellers will be closed. The Call Center will open at 1:00 p.m.
31 Annual Red Cross Blood Drive at Corporate Headquarters between 10:00 a.m. - 3:00 p.m.
20 Corporate Headquarters Branch Event: Youth Summer Savings between 11:00 a.m. - 3:00 p.m.
15 - 18 Teen Financial Success Summer Camp - Free!
19 Richlands, NC Branch Event: Carnival of Savings between 10:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.
28 Wilmington, NC Branch Event: How Credit Works between 6:00 p.m. - 7:30 p.m.
31 Gumbranch Rd, NC Branch Event: Treat Yourself to Savings Event between 9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.
6 Stone Bay Branch Event: Santa's Savings Helpers between 9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.
11 North Stafford, VA Branch Event: Holiday Event between 12:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m.
24 Christmas Eve *branches close at 2 p.m.
*All branches and departments will be closed. MFCU@Home, Mobile and Text Message Banking, and Touch Teller will be available.
We're holding our 25th Annual Charity Golf Tournament on Friday, April 26 at the Jacksonville Country Club. The monies raised will go to the USO of Jacksonville, United Way of Onlsow County, Crime Stoppers, and

########
Rank: 28
Score: 38.228462
Retrieved Text: ​Please enjoy this poem from Michael Bryan about his coworker at DDA, Shawn Payne. The photos show the coworkers and an art sample from Shawn.
I show up at 6:30 a.m.
Shawn arrives by 7:00 a.m.
I turn on my computer, check emails and if the light on my desk telephone is blinking, I check the messages.
I answer emails and return my calls in a timely manner.
I go to lunch at 11:30 a.m.
I check in with my supervisor on a regular basis.
My supervisor offers guidance, makes changes and gives me feedback.
Shawn’s supervisor does the same for him.
I am expected to complete my work efficiently.
Shawn is expected to do the same.
I consider myself an artiste.
I paint pictures with a camera.
Shawn rides the metro like others in the office.
Shawn feels that he needs to spend more time on his art.
I need to spend more time with my camera.
Shawn has dedicated family members who check in on him.
My mother calls often to check in on me.
Shawn takes off on Mondays to practice his art.
I will walk by his desk.
We will talk for a minute.
He does not say much.
I ask a few questions he answers a few.
Shawn’s day ends at 4:30 p.m.
Mine ends at 3 p.m.
I see him as a colleague and a part of our team.
He sees me for me.
I see him for him.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 38.16359
Retrieved Text: Stew Leonard’s East Meadow store announces the Halloween Happenings it is hosting throughout the month of this fall.
Stew Leonard’s will open a pumpkin patch in front of the farm fresh food grocer’s store in East Meadow. Items for sale include Jack-O-Lantern Pumpkins ($5.99/ea. or 3/$15), Sugar Pumpkins ($3.29/ea. or 2/$6), Mini Pumpkins and Gourds ($1.19/ea. or 5/$5), 9-inch Mums ($5.99/ea. or 3/$15), Dried Corn Stalks ($8.99 or 2/$16), Hay Bales ($8.99/ea.) and firewood ($16.99/2 cubic feet).
Families are welcome to snap photos of their little ones in the pumpkin patch.
This October 2018, Stew’s will create a Hay Bale Theater to show a free children’s Halloween-themed movie! Complimentary juice and popcorn are served to all. The movies begin at 6:00 P.M., with seating opening at 5:30 P.M. Seating is on a first-come, first served basis and is limited to 50 people.
The movies will be shown on Friday, October 5 and Friday, October 19. For movie titles and additional information, please see in-store. To register for these free movie nights, please visit www.Eventbrite.com and search for Stew Leonard’s in East Meadow.
What says “I love fall” more than painting pumpkins and creating spooky fun faces? Join us at Stew’s on Saturday, September 29 at 10:00 am & Noon for a pumpkin painting class! Snacks and juice are provided. The class is open to children ages 2-6 and their caregiver. $12.99 per child. To register and pay, please visit www.Eventbrite.com and search for Stew Leonard’s in East Meadow.
Pumpkin carver Lenny Calvin, former contestant on Food Network’s Halloween Wars Season 6, will

================



======= Instance Index 49 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

Norman: Hey, neighbor. How's it going?

Shawn: Fine. How about you?

Norman: Okay. Huh, by the way, my wife and I are going out of town this weekend, and I was wondering if you could take care of some of our animals while we're gone. You know our dog, Jaws, don't you?

Shawn: Yeah. My leg still hurts from the last incident.

Norman: Hey, he's just a playful little beast.

Shawn: Right.

Norman: Hey, he likes to bark a little, and his bark is worse than his bite.

Shawn: Oh yeah.

Norman: Just feed him a can of dog food a day, and make sure he has plenty of water in his dish. [Oh] And then, take him for a walk around the block.

Shawn: Well, how about if I just throw a Frisbee over the fence to give him some exercise? Wouldn't that work?

Norman: Ah, and then, he likes to watch the 3:00 soap opera on Channel 4 [What?] ... and brush his teeth after you give you some doggie treats around 4:00.

Shawn: Man, you really pamper your dog.

Norman: And, then brush his fur for about twenty minutes. He tends to shed this time of year. [Ah, what?] And then scratch him around the ears. Otherwise, he feels neglected.

Shawn: Is that it?

Norman: Well, and then there's Claws.

Shawn: Claws? Who's Claws.

Norman: Oh, he's the cat we adopted from the animal shelter, but he's a little temperamental.

Shawn: What do you mean "temperamental"?

Norman: Well, he has mood swings [Mood swings?], but he's been doing better since he's been going to the animal therapist.

Shawn: A therapist?

Norman: So, be sure to feed him a half cup of cat food two times a day [What? A therapist ...], and don't forget to put out (on) some soft classical music during his nap time at 2:40 p.m. But don't let him out of the house because he might run away and chase the neighbor's dog.

Shawn: You have some high-maintenance animals.

Norman: Not really. And, don't forget to change the cat litter daily, or he might have an accident on the carpet. [Oh, great.] And finally, there's Buttercup.

Shawn: Buttercup? Who's Buttercu ...? I'm afraid to ask.

Norman:...

Question: Which point is NOT true about the cat? 

- The cat becomes a little moody at times.

- The cat enjoys listening to rock music.

- The cat will run away if it gets outside the house.

Target Text: The cat enjoys listening to rock music.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.684753
Retrieved Text: In the early centuries, they wrote cat poems about the Thai cat and put into the book “Tamra Maew”. The history of the Thai cat dates back some 700 years to Southeast Asia. Commonly referred to as the Old Siamese cats they were known as Wichien-Maat in Thailand which means “moon diamond” or “diamonds and gold”. There is some controversy over the true nature of the Thai cat.
The controversy surrounding the Thai cat is that they are not a pure breed. Many consider them to be the old Siamese. The changes between the Modern Western Siamese and the new Thai cat took place, when the British brought the Thai cat to the UK with the expressed purpose of breeding a more appealing cat strictly for the purpose of showing.
This creates more of dilemma to an already difficult situation. In 2007, the Thai cat breed was created and appeared under the, “New Breed,” category. One great thing to emerge from this debate is as of May 1, 2010, The Thai cat has champion ship status. Now the breed can register and take part in competitions with other breeds.
All available information suggests the Thai cat is the oldest breed of cat. They are also, sometimes mistaken for the Korat cat and the Modern Western Siamese. Each of the breeds has similar appearance. However, there are some distinct characteristics upon close examination show them to be three distinct types of cats.
The Thai cat and the Siamese cat are similar, and they have a common ancestry. They share the pointed

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.34678
Retrieved Text: Temperament - These graceful cats are strong and elegant. Although they are primarily an indoor cat, they are not as moody as their cousins, the Siamese. Balinese cats are intelligent and can be trained relatively easily. Although sleek in appearance, they are surprisingly playful.
Shape - The Balinese cat has a medium-sized frame and long, thin limbs. The paws are relatively small when compared to the rest of the body. Despite their thinness, the Balinese cat has well-defined muscles, and is surprisingly heavy when lifted. The head of a Balinese cat is wedge shaped, with a long neck and large ears.
The eyes - The eyes of a Balinese cat are deep blue and slightly slanted inward. They should be bright and clear, and have the same color as a sapphire. If the cat's eyes are not blue, then it is not a full Balinese, but may be a cross.
Fur - The Balinese cat should have silky soft fur that is slightly longer than your average short-haired cat. In fact, it is often classified as a medium-haired cat. This cat has only one layer of fur, not two, and it clings very closely to the body. The fur of a Balinese tends to be very glossy.
Coloring - The Balinese cat has the same coloring as a Siamese, with a cream or light tan color darkening to near black on the ears, face and tail. The only four colorations of a true Balinese cat are seal point, blue point, chocolate point and lilac point. These are the same variations

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.081423
Retrieved Text: The strange world of quantum mechanics seems to have a natural appeal to irrational and foolish people like Postmodernists and others who deny objective empirical truth or the laws of thought.
In arguments with such people when you defend the reality of real objective empirical truths, you will frequently find such people immediately appealing to various weird phenomena in quantum mechanics to defend themselves. “Doesn’t quantum mechanics prove that there is no objective truth?,” they might say.
The use (or, rather, abuse) of quantum theory in this manner is deeply mistaken and fallacious, however, for the simple reason that what is true for, and actually does happen in, the infinitesimally small world of quantum mechanics need not be true at all for large objects in the macroscopic world in which human beings live. Let us take one example: abuse of quantum mechanics in attempts to dismiss the laws of logic.
For example, in the Schrödinger’s cat thought experiment, a cat is imagined as being both alive and dead simultaneously, because it is imagined as being in a state of quantum superposition.
Now, if it were true that a cat could naturally be in such a state, wouldn’t this disprove the Law of Noncontradiction, the law of logic that one cannot assert as true at the same time (1) a proposition p and (2) its negation (¬p) (or, that is to say, one cannot assert p ∧ ¬p without fatal self-contradiction)?
The answer to this lies in asking: how realistic is the Schrödinger’s cat thought experiment? Actually, there is no rational reason

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.682104
Retrieved Text: Dogs or Cats? Which Are Better Pets?
No reason people have to choose one over the other.
Pet owners tend to be passionate about the animals they share their homes and lives with, and that's natural. Our pets become part of our families over time. When it comes to dogs and cats, many pet owners develop strong opinions about which make better companions, and also about why one is "better" than the other. Some people's opinions on the matter are so extreme that the debates between "dog people" and "cat people" can get ugly and mean spirited at times. Some who self-identify as "cat people" will argue that dogs are dirty, needy creatures that aren't as smart as cats. Some "dog people" seem to feel cats are indifferent and unfriendly, and not as engaging as their canine companions. Both sides of this debate occasionally project these tendencies onto the humans they're arguing with, promoting the idea that people who prefer dogs are dumber than people who prefer cats, for instance. On the other side, we have a mean societal stereotype about an unmarried woman beyond a certain age being a "crazy cat lady." I feel that the type of person who really hates either cats or dogs, and who believes his choice is superior, is proving more about his own screwed up personality than pointing to any hard evidence about the nature of these animals. But what do researchers say about this stuff?
One of the most common debates among cat and dog owners is which species is more

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.621407
Retrieved Text: Another assignment for class was to create a visual precis.
This graphic should be a summary of our projects. When I initially started this assignment, I felt that the overall theme of my problem was how to effectively share news via photos. Part of that efficacy is not only the photo itself, but the commentary that accompanies it. It can be hard sometimes to adopt out a cat that, while we know is a wonderful cat, may not show as well to potential adopters. I’ve mentioned this several times with Sarah, Tinsel, and Tinker and Bell.
So, I had Visual Precis part one. I used Sarah as my reference kitty, because I’ve known her her whole life, all 9 months of it. The tidbits that I included in my precis are all true. They don’t exactly conflict with each other, and they’re all true, but they can affect how a potential volunteer or adopter may feel about interacting with that organization.
I know the assignment is to be a visual representation, yet I felt that I couldn’t not include text. That might actually be a point of the exercise; we’re very reliant on text to tell a story as a society. However, my point is that how we communicate a message with word choice is important.
As I’ve been doing this project, I think my focus has changed. I’d been very concerned about followers of social media, and what they’d want to see to stimulate them to act. Now, I feel that I have to think instead about the various

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.534163
Retrieved Text: King of Gods Chapter 260 - Future Husband???
You’re reading novel King of Gods Chapter 260 - Future Husband??? online at LightNovelFree.com. Please use the follow button to get notification about the latest chapter next time when you visit LightNovelFree.com. Use F11 button to read novel in full-screen(PC only). Drop by anytime you want to read free – fast – latest novel. It’s great if you could leave a comment, share your opinion about the new chapters, new novel with others on the internet. We’ll do our best to bring you the finest, latest novel everyday. Enjoy!
Chapter 260 - Future husband???
The clash between Zhao Feng and Liu Qinxin created powerful waves of power that rippled the protective array.
In this situation, even experts at the 6th and 7th Sky would most likely die.
However, at this moment, a grey cat the size of a palm walked into the battle circle, shaking and swinging.
This caused some girls watching to scream in horror.
The little thieving cat was acting like it was walking on a tightrope - the slightest mistake would mean death.
Sizzles of lightning and shockwaves exploded throughout the stage. Sounds of booming could be heard almost every second.
The little thieving cat fell onto the floor and dodged a green sword qi blade that swished over its head. It then immediately rolled across the ground and evaded an arc of lightning.
Even Zhao Feng and Liu Qinxin, who were fighting, sweated coldly for the little thieving cat.
“Don’t be reckless!” Zhao Feng shouted.
The little thieving cat had a mysterious connection with him. But

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.219597
Retrieved Text: Unfortunately, a lot of people seem to think that cat health is not an important issue and that all they need to do in order to keep their cat healthy is to give them food and water and a little bit of love. However, this is certainly not true.
There are actually many different issues that you need to know about in regards to cat health, and one of the first is worms. Worms are one of the most common ailments in cats, and even if your cat does not have them yet, you want to use preventive measures so that you can keep them from getting worms as best you can.
This means going to your veterinarian and asking about the different medications that you can get which will prevent your cat from getting worms, and you usually have to give this medication to your cat once or twice a week.
Another important issue in regards to cat health is that of their diet, and although it may seem as though all cats are the same and that thus the issue of diet is not all that important, you should know that it really is.
In fact, each different breed of cat has their own recommended diet, and this is important because this will affect their weight and thus their health overall.
If you are unsure of what diet you should be giving to your cat, then again you should make sure to make an appointment with your veterinarian so that you can discuss with them what type of food

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.191288
Retrieved Text: Is Dinah (Alice's cat) male oder female?
Lewis Carroll's Alice in Wonderland is usually accompained Von which story?
True oder false, Alice's dress was originally intended to be red.
True oder false, Charles Ludwidge Dodgson never publicly admitted having written his Bücher under the pseudonym Lewis Carroll.
True oder False, The Liddell family really owned a cat named Dinah.
Which Titel did Caroll originally suggest for his book?
Which Animal Friend Alice sees first in Tulgey Wood after Singen "Very Good Advice"??
At the tee Party,Mad Hatter and March Hare,are chasing Dormouse at some point and they need Alice to put what under his nose??
Find March Hare's Weiter line: "I Have an excellent idea............."
Why are the cards painting the Rosen red?
What was the Song The Blumen Sung To Alice?
Who's tee party is it that Alice goes to?
Who Played Alice On The Muppet Zeigen In 1980?
What was Alice considering doing before the white rabbit ran Von her?
Who is the only character in the Bücher who's eye color was described?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.11358
Retrieved Text: Cat memory works in much the same way as memory in any animal. Past experiences or events can be stored in the neural connections that make up an animal's brain. When information is perceived by the animal through the use of the sensory organs, electrical signals are transmitted via the nerves to the brain, allowing the animal to incorporate the information in calculating actions. Once encoded into the brain, this information can be stored in the neurons that make up the brain. The exact mechanism by which specific memories are stored in the brain is not yet known, but there are some widely accepted theories.
The first theory as to how memories are stored in the brain of a cat is that specific neurons are assigned to specific memories, which would mean that there is one cell in your cat's brain that activates when the cat sees you, and another cell that activates when the cat sees its food bowl. In fact, if the specific neuron theory holds true, your cat not only has a cell specifically adjusted to respond to his food bowl, but another cell for each other bowl the cat has ever seen.
This theory has not been conclusively disproven, but many experts consider it a little simplistic. Some people point to the fact that cats can still form new memories after they stop forming new neurons as evidence against the specific neuron theory, but this inconsistency can possibly be explained if neurons could change the stimulus that they respond to, or respond to multiple

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.852886
Retrieved Text: Dog is considered to be man’s best friend. Cats today are considered to be dog’s best friend, therefore, a cat can also be man’s best friend in the ethics of logic or the logic or ethics, whichever you prefer, this is presently true and it can be possible (whoever made the notion that dogs and cats are worst enemies? And why the phrase “raining cats and dogs”, eh?) Anyway, that’s right and you can confirm that today because a lot of people prefer to have cats as pets over dogs. There is even this one social networking site that has an article about how people loved cats most than dogs. That’s why, today, buying a kitten can also be one of the best thing that people, especially cat lovers, need to know about.
You might have a notion that there is no large issue in procuring a pussycat on your own or you might way, you just go to a pet store with eyes wide shut, then, let your fingers point to a line of pussycats and then, whatever you are pointing to while you reveal your eyes is what you’re going to get, talking about cat random selection. No, it’s not that way, for 100% serious cat lovers, maybe. There are lots of things to consider when buying a cat from a pet store or from any establishment that sells cats or from a legitimate cat breeder.
When planning to buy a cat, you need to regardmake some considerations before you do. Taking on a cat as

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.792048
Retrieved Text: Holidays are lots of fun for humans, but the same can't always be said for cats. Older cats can find trips to the cattery stressful and upsetting, so it's important to take steps to make sure your kitty is as safe and comfortable as possible. Choose a cattery that's licensed and adheres to local regulations, and visit beforehand if you can - this will give you the best idea of whether or not it's right for your cat.
Australia is a nation of pet lovers, with cats considered to be a true member of the family by most. While the feline friend can often be front and centre in daily activities at home, there are times throughout the year when you need to take a break from them. Human beings need pampering as well and this frequently calls for a long holiday away to recharge. Quite a conundrum for cat owners, who may not know where to start when it comes to boarding their pets.
How Do Cats Feel About Spending Time In The Cattery?
Any cat owner who has gone away for the weekend, taken a holiday or needed to attend a residential business trip has probably, at some point, considered a cattery. Cats are home-loving creatures, though, and time in an unfamiliar environment can stress them out. So how do they really feel about it, and what can you do to help the experience go more smoothly for them? The main thing your cat feels is a sense of insecurity from being cut adrift from its territory.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.74622
Retrieved Text: Many stories are told about the origin and development of the ragdoll, one of these stories is as follows: A white female cat was hit by a car and badly wounded. Ann Baker took pity on her and the cat completely recovered and even gave birth to some wonderfull kittens. Ann Baker percieved, that they had an exceptionally beautifull silky furr and a nice character. By taking them in their arms the kittens relaxed completely. The name was born: Ragdoll.
By interbreeding with (probably) Sacred Birmans, Burmeses, Persians and home cats the ragdollbreed was developed. In 1965 the Ragdoll was recognized officially as breed in the United States, in 1983 in Great Britain and it was about 1990 that the first ragdolls came to The Netherlands. In 1991 the breed was recognized bij the Fife, the overall organization of the European cat unions..
Top left Josephineand her first litter and top right Ann Baker with Fugianna, the very first Ragdoll bi-colour.
Ragdols have an unique personality, friendly and docil, they are not fighters and it's easy to keep them in the house. They enjoy being held like a baby.
It is not true that a ragdoll should not feel pain or that he cannot catch mouses and birds. He feels pain like any other animal and like any other cat he catches mouses and birds. The hunting-instict did not disappear.
When Ann Baker started her breeding program the first generation of ragdolls were born black, white or black and white, the solids or non-pointed, still they exist.and not only black or

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.597582
Retrieved Text: Welcome to amazing City Point Towers built by Century Group. One of the towers is 25 levels, the other tower being 21 levels with a total of 196 homes included in both towers. When it’s all about LOCATION! Steps to Gateway Skytrain Station. Within a quick ride, you’re at SFU campus, Holland Park, mall, recreation, library, city hall, restaurants, pubs, coffee shops… really all you need is right there. No dogs are allowed in City Point, however 1 cat is allowed with approval from council. Rental’s are allowed, there are no restrictions for rentals.
*By-laws contained herein have been prepared in this format for the purposes of convenience only and are not certified true copies. For accurate reference, contact me for details on restrictions.
Please contact us or visit our city point page to view our available listings.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.55517
Retrieved Text: Last week, Mark and I adopted a little kitten. She’s just eight weeks old and we called her Pippa. We fell in love with her instantly and she’s the best roommate. She’s very cuddly and super cute. It didn’t take me too long to convince Mark we needed Pippa in our lives, so here are my arguments in case you or your significant other need a little convincing you need to adopt a cat.
They make the cutest sounds. Their purrs are just the most satisfying sound ever. And have you seen their little paws?
Okay, but that was the obvious one, of course. If that alone is not enough to convince you, read on.
They’re perfectly capable of entertaining themselves. Of course, all pets do require some attention. Especially when you adopt a kitten, you need to spend (a lot of) time with them. In the first weeks, you can’t leave them alone for too long. However, a grown cat can stay home alone for a while. Which makes a cat the perfect pet for workaholics and people who like to go out.
And even though it is an option to walk your cat, you don’t have to! No late night walks through darkness and rain, but cuddling on the couch, snuggled up under a blanket!
Of course, not every cat, especially when you choose to adopt from a shelter, loves to cuddle (right away). Some need a little time. However, most cats love to cuddle and take naps in your lap. They’re also a perfect replacement for your hot

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.483105
Retrieved Text: With so many opting solely for on-demand television services like Netflix, many cable cutters are missing out on the continued joy of channel surfing. Sometimes, choice is bad, and the best shows are stumbled upon by a combination of boredom and curiosity.
When it comes to "My Cat from Hell," I'm not sure "best" is the word I would use to describe the reality show, but boy oh boy is it something to behold. CBSPhilly reported Thursday that cats from two local animal shelters will be given "pawsitivity" training by the show's host, Jackson Galaxy, whose name is as outlandish and unbelievable as the show itself.
Two Philadelphia animal rescue groups have been chosen to take part in a special positive-reinforcement training program aimed at making shelter cats more adoptable.
Jackson Galaxy, host of Animal Planet’s “My Cat From Hell,” developed the program with a team of animal behavior experts.
Among the skills: helping shy cats come out of their shells, and teaching outgoing kitties to give high fives.
However, I do feel it's necessary to take this opportunity to point out the weirdest freaking show I've ever watched and urge you to check it out yourself.
The premise for "My Cat from Hell" is pretty simple, drawing from Cesar Millan's "Dog Whisperer": Owner has a bad cat, Galaxy comes in and works with said cat, cat's behavior improves.
But to get from point A to point C, viewers are treated to the most bizarre half hour of television around. First off, Galaxy (I will never write that name without chuckling) carries around

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.43098
Retrieved Text: In the garden, on the lawn: one of the fox cubs. (This particular cub seems to have taken to hanging out in the main visible bit of the garden during the morning and later afternoon/evening.) Also around and about, one of the local magpies, scavenging on the lawn for scraps of food, and occasionally heading up into one of the apple trees to squawk about something.
The magpie is not afraid of the fox. Every time the fox starts making a move towards the magpie, the magpie lets the cub get within a few feet and then flaps off a little way. We’re not talking any significant distance here… the two of them were circling the garden (which is not THAT big) for a few minutes. Eventually the fox gives up and lies down on the lawn – and at that point the magpie circles round behind the fox and starts pecking his tail (or remarkably close to it). This magpie is, essentially, teasing the fox.
At this point, Lardy Cat saunters out of the cat flap (Small Cat had been watching the proceedings with what I suspect was an air of feline bemusement). The fox backs off a bit — thinking the cat’s after him — but the cat has eyes only for the magpie. The magpie’s backing away from the cat, which would be towards the fox if it wasn’t for the fox also keeping back from the cat; there’s a minute or so of tension before the magpie decides that discretion is the better part

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.419975
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'IMO: In My Opinion' started by maewkaew, Dec 21, 2013.
I just wish well-meaning, cat-loving, cat-helping people would stop repeating the debunked claim about a pair of cats left unaltered producing 420,000 cats in 7 years. , an urban legend / propaganda "statistic" that has taken on a life of its own and can backfire against cat welfare.
If cats were reproducing at that rate, many countries would have TRILLIONS of homeless cats.
There have been articles debunking it and major animal organizations now say they don't think it is accurate. Even HSUS ( who used to have it on their website and who were often credited as being the source) say they no longer believe it and they don't even know where the number originally came from.
It's true that it is often preceded by , " theoretically" . I guess people figure that makes it "true" , if in theory one could do the math that way. But that makes it just an exercise in arithmetic, divorced from reality. A more realistic estimate in the low hundreds has been proposed based on studies of feral colonies. but that doesn't have the attractive shock value of 420,000.
I understand that some people / groups say this with good intentions because they hope it will get people to spay / neuter their cats.
This very same faux statistic is used as an argument by opponents of TNR that it can't be effective since if you just miss trapping a smart queen and tom in a managed colony they'll soon have

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.308634
Retrieved Text: DIABETES: Could it be Affecting your Cat?
Cats and humans may not look much alike, but remember, both are mammals. Therefore, there are a number of diseases, disorders, and other medical conditions found in humans that are also found in cats. One such disease is diabetes. If you believe that your cat may have diabetes, it is important to talk to your cat's vet as soon as possible so that your cat can get the right medical treatment needed.
There are two types of diabetes in cats, just like in humans. Type 1 diabetes is caused by the insufficient production of insulin in the cat's body. Type 2 diabetes, on the other hand, is when a cat develops an intolerance for handling the insulin. In both cases, diabetes can develop in cats of any age, but it is more common for cats that are old, male, or obese. There is what is known as secondary diabetes as well, in which a drug or disease causes diabetes, sometimes forever and sometimes for a certain period of time.
When caring for your cat, there are symptoms you can see that point to your cat having diabetes. These symptoms include excess thirst, vomiting, loss of appetite, weakness, loss of weight, breathing abnormalities, and unhealthy skin and coat. Your vet can then test your cat's blood sugar levels and urine sugar levels. Both tests are needed, as temporary blood sugar levels may be high in cats that are stressed or nervous.
If your cat is diagnosed with diabetes, lifestyle changes are necessary to make

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.301754
Retrieved Text: In my apartment in Argentina there are two cats. I am a fond lover of cats and I considered this to be a selling point on this place. One is a white cat that is not allowed inside due to the general attitude that the black cat is upset by its presence. The black cat, called Loska, must be about 22 years old by the way it moves and it’s general smell of urine. The only good thing that this cat has going for it is that it somehow knows to pee in the drains which unfortunately are in the house and not too far from my bedroom door. I should just let the white cat in and see what happens… whats the worst that could happen? An elderly black cat gets mutilated by some thug white cat while it is peeing on a grate?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.231075
Retrieved Text: Whether you already have a dog and are considering getting a cat, or vice versa, it is very important to think about their first introduction. By letting a loose cat and an off-leash dog meet each other in an open room for the first time, you are probably setting up both animals to fail. Instead, plan ahead and take your time.
If you’re thinking of getting a cat for your dog or a dog for your cat, it’s important to consider both animals’ personalities. It may be helpful to look for a companion that has already been exposed to the other species in the past.
If a dog attempts to aggressively chase, pin, pick up or otherwise “manhandle” any cat, it is best to not even consider getting a cat — or at least to proceed with caution. Additionally, a dog who growls, lunges at or obsessively barks at a cat would probably do best in a cat-free environment. Likewise, a cat who growls, swats at, runs from or hides from dogs would probably prefer to not live with a dog.
If a dog loves chasing things, then a fearful, shy cat who runs away probably wouldn’t be the best choice, as it could trigger the dog to chase. Similarly, an energetic cat who runs and pounces would fall into this same category. A better match here would be a calm, confident cat who will not run (in fear or play).
If a dog plays roughly, it is best to avoid kittens or elderly cats who can easily be hurt.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.22879
Retrieved Text: Learn all you can about barn cats, your best rodent-reduction system on the farm.
Farm cats, like this marmalade tabby, help keep rodent populations in check.
Kittens find all sorts of fun in the garden.
Cats always find the highest point to perch, perhaps the top of the rail fence.
A sprawling kitten can find the kitchen tile very comfortable.
Are you smitten with kittens? Mad about moggies and their mouseability? Feverish for feline friskiness and field skills on your farm? Then pounce on a chair, chap, and we’ll chat about cats.
True to their reputation, cats have, as a species, always been a bit standoffish. Though felines and humans have interacted for about 9,500 years, cats didn’t “officially” sit at our hearth until some 4,500 years ago. Dogs, cows, horses, goats, sheep, chickens and horses were domesticated long before the cat, which made Kitty the last animal to take the plunge – if, indeed, you can ever domesticate a cat.
Geneticists believe that all small “house” cats, including those in your barn, descended from five wild queens (the word for a female cat, also a “molly”) that lived in the Middle East some 10,000 years ago. All kitties considered, though, a cat is a cat is a cat – no matter how big or small – because all members of Felis catus (the Latin redundancy that means “cat cat”) share the same basic physical characteristics. You know, for instance, that a tiger and your mouser are both cats, despite their differences.
But that’s not to say that all cats are alike, obviously. If

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.227295
Retrieved Text: Not surprisingly, house cats are actually the most common cat “breed” of all. Only about 10% of cats are of official breeds – the so called pedigreed or purebred cats. The “moggies”, as they are affectionately called, are the ones you are most likely to meet. Their ancestry is mixed, but this does not make them in any way inferior to purebreds.
She also had a very good memory. Once my uncle pulled her by the tail and she never forgave him. Uncle even came to bring her fish, but she turned her back to him and the fish, even though she loved no food more than fish. The message was loud and clear. Animals have memory and feelings.
If you are looking for a new cat among ordinary house cats (if there ever was such a thing), you’ll probably notice there are kittens everywhere. This is because most cats are kept indoors – but not all. Also not all indoor cats are neutered or spayed. And so they breed and the cat owner eagerly tries to find homes for the kittens.
When you are looking for a kitten, do not take one that is under 12 weeks of age. Kittens younger than this are not yet ready to leave their mothers, they need to socialize a bit more with other cats. If you take the kitten too young, it may end up shy, timid, even aggressive. Also its health may not be very good.
Hold the cat for a while to see how it reacts to human touch. When

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.2257
Retrieved Text: 29th Street is a comedy-melodrama based on the true-life story of actor Frank Pesce, who won the first New York State Lottery in 1976. Almost an updated It's a Wonderful Life set in Queens, New York, it's a story of family relationships. The focus is on Frank Jr., who was born lucky, and his relationship with his father, who feels he's a born loser. After Frank Jr. is rushed to the hospital after being stabbed, even his bad luck ultimately turns to good fortune when a tumor is discovered and removed before it can become malignant. His good fortune is tested when he sells his potentially winning lottery ticket to a gangster to whom his father is deeply in debt.
Animal action is limited to the family cat, Vinnie, seen at various times in bed or in the kitchen eating pizza. (The pizza had an extra topping of cat food.) When Vinnie is caught on Frank Jr.'s prized handkerchief-sized lawn, Dad throws a newspaper at him. This scene was shot in cuts, with the cat walking from point A to point B. He was not there when the newspaper was thrown.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.19763
Retrieved Text: Want to be a boss cat guardian? It’s not something you will luck into. You need to put the work in to get your “boss badge.” It all comes down to taking yourself to school and learning everything you can, and I mean on both sides of the coin; learn about all cats, and learn about your cat.
Let’s start with understanding the wild and instinctual motives of cats as a species. Cats are connected to their ancestors in a very direct way, and a truly healthy cat is in touch with that ancestor, or who I call the raw cat. Yes, even if your house cat is a docile, easy-goer, they're still motivated by instincts that evolved over tens of thousands of years ago. In that sense, I still consider today’s cat closer to the wild side than the domestic one.
Now, if you understand and appreciate Cat with a capital “C,” you’ll clear a path to understanding your cat better. The process will open your eyes to a whole new way of thinking – and feeling. You’ll be able to see the world through cat-colored glasses, and this is the key to giving them the most life you can, because at that point you can have a relationship built not only on love & trust, but empathy as well.
I’ve now written four books and all of them cover some aspect of cat behavior. But to help take the guesswork out of things, if you want to choose just one, get Total Cat Mojo. It summarizes what

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.19137
Retrieved Text: Surely you've found this page for "Scottish Fold silver chinchilla cat photo"! Well, you've come to the right place. I am glad to see you on the site of my Scottish cats cattery.
There are several misconceptions on the web that I will try to dispel in this article.
Firstly, in the network, this color is often called "Scottish chinchilla", which is not entirely true: it is correct to speak simply "chinchilla", since this color is also found in other breeds, not only Scottish cats.
Secondly, the chinchilla in the usual sense now is any cat of a silver shaded color. This is also not true. The true "chinchilla" is a cat of color ns 12, whose tip of each covering hair is colored in the main color only for 1/8 of the length of the hair.
Thirdly, often the true chinchilla is confused with another color - ns 11. Representatives of this color have hair tips, painted in the main color for 1/3 of the length of the hair. Ie the painted tips are much longer. Animals of this color look much darker, their color is brighter, while the chinchillas have a white peroberative undercoat. This color is correctly called "shaded", not "chinchilla".
Fourth, if we talk about the color of the eyes, then in the standard of these two colors there are also discrepancies. So, Scottish Fold silver chinchilla cat can have only green eyes. Ideally - a bright emerald eye color. And for silver shaded cats, according to the standard, in addition to green, yellow eyes are also

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.19058
Retrieved Text: The Balinese cat breed is a beautiful, rare and majestic cat breed. The Balinese cat is a natural mutation of the Siamese cat breed with blue eyes, silky long-hair, companion-dog like personalities, and hypoallergenic qualities not common in its short-haired Siamese counterpart. Balinese cats are referred to as the True Long-haired Siamese cat.
The Balinese breed was primordially established by the use of controlled breeding so to preserve these beautiful and rare qualities only seen in the Balinese cat breed. The Balinese cat is a cat that has been admired by many due to its personable disposition and intelligent demeanor. Many do not imagine a cat being so personable like a dog, but these cats are the talk of the family. They are considered one of the most intelligent cat breeds according to Barron’s Educational Series book, The Encyclopedia of Cat Breeds written in 1997 by J. Anne Helgren.
With it's beautiful sikly long-hair, blue eyes, and various color points such as the traditional Seal, Blue, Chocolate and Lilac points; the breed has obtained much interest and popularity by feline lovers as well as allergic cat lovers, who desire a cat that is Genetically Hypoallergenic. The Balinese cat becomes the perfect cat due to these qualities, and the fact that it is a natural cat breed, not a human created cat breed like some currently marketed as "pure-bred" cats.
The Balinese cat breed makes out to be a loving companion for life, and a fountain of many cherished moments. As you share your time together, you will much acknowledge

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.18763
Retrieved Text: Nothing like a tuna-infused sandpaper bath.
Via Cat vs Human FB Page: Describe your cat in two words.
Hahahha i love cats but I'm not a fan of getting licked.
I love their little sandpaper tongues.
Cats are notoriously bad about their dental hygiene.
bahaha this is so true it's too funny!!! Haddie is the one who LOVES fish in our house and she's the only face licker too - figures!
What is wrong with smelling like tuna? I think it is an awesome scent!
Hahha oooh I always love it when my cat grooms me... then the smell comes..
Haha My kitty likes the beef flavored wet food which I find leaves his breathe more rank than tuna... He tries to 'wash' everyone's hair. Runs along the back of the couch bathing anyone who's not paying attention!
When my cat grooms me makes me laught a lot. So much that I have to ask them to stop doing it jajaja!!
Exactly. My cat does that all the time, so I can completely understand! My mom finds it gross, but I find it endearing!
Yeah....how come their fur doesnt smell like cat breath after they lick themselves?!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.173624
Retrieved Text: Savannah is a cross breed of domestic Siamese cat and Serval, a medium-sized, large-eared wild African cat. The unusual cross became popular among breeders in the late 1990s and The International Cat Association (TICA) accepted the cat as a new registered breed in 2001 and as a ‘championship breed’ in 2012. Savannah is an extraordinary breed with exotic look of wild cat but personality and care of a domestic cat.
In April 1986, Judee Frank crossbred a male Serval, belonging to Suzi Woods, with a domestic Siamese cat to produce the first Savannah. After a decade, in 1996, Patrick Kelley and Joyce Sroufe wrote the original version of the Savannah breed standard and presented it to the board of TICA. In 2001, the board accepted the breed for registration.
The development of the breed has not been without its growing pains. One of the complications of crossing two different species was that males for the first several generations bred away from the Serval were sterile, so it took many years before breeders were able to produce fertile males. Once this happened, the ability to create a cat who looked more and more like a Serval became exponentially easier.
When the breed first started out it was very difficult to keep much of the Serval look because of all the outcrosses that were required until fertile males finally became available. Today, one can see fourth, fifth, sixth, and even more remote generations removed from the Serval who are able to rival the beauty and exotic looks of the early generation

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.164173
Retrieved Text: When it comes to Taylor Swifts style lately, we're starting to notice some distinct patterns. Like, when she's not wearing her signature red, she's covering herself in cats. Yes, it's true. We all know that the country cutie adores her kitty, Meredith, so it's no surprise that she would further her feline love through her fashion choices, too.
Case in point, we've spotted the star wearing a variety of cat-themed items including sensible loafers (in black and ivory) with both ladylike skirts and cropped skinnies. Then there was that unforgettable T-shirt emblazoned with a purr-fectly adorable cat face she paired with a peculiar pink tulle skirt and sparkly ballet flats.
In another look, we innocently admired her playful polka dot sweater by French Connection, but upon closer inspection we spied (you guessed it!) yet another sneaky little cat face in the corner! Meow.
And finally, the singer recently stepped out in a more sophisticated outfit clad in a leather asymmetrical moto jacket paired with a swingy skirt, opaque tights and oxford flats. And we should point out that her aforementioned swingy skirt just so happened to have a scattering of lovely cat silhouettes all over it. Oh, T. Swift, what a coy cat lady you are!
Tell us what you think! Has Taylor gone overboard with her cat fashion obsession?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.134222
Retrieved Text: We hate to break it to you, but just in case you were riding high, thinking you were totally crushing the 2017 game, know that one (very) little guy totally has you beat: Manny the Selfie Cat, who now hangs with dogs, is pretty much the only one doing this godforsaken year right.
As Manny’s human friend @yoremahm told Mashable last year when his account first went viral, the cat’s perfect-looking, species-defying selfies are actually a trick of the camera, as the little fella really just loves to swat at the family’s GoPro.
“He just reaches for the GoPro and it takes about two seconds,” he said, adding that the photo shoots happen quicker than you would imagine.
We believe that this is true, though Manny’s latest selfie also has us thinking that the cat has adjusted his methods at some point within the last 365 days — because, like, how do you explain a photo as perfect as this?
Literally every creature in that photo is sporting an identical mean mug. You cannot tell me that’s the result of one solitary cat swatting at a GoPro.
This is undoubtedly the most collectively photogenic group of pets we have ever seen.
In good times and in bad, Manny remains photogenic as hell.
Much like Kylie Jenner, dude just knows his angles.
“He is very curious, and whenever I take pics of my dogs, he basically ‘photobombs’ the camera and tries to take it from me,” Ahm said.
After all, Manny knows who his true friends are.
Love live Manny, a cat who knows his worth —

================



