======= Instance Index 0 =========
Input Text: Frilled sharks and angler fish live far beneath the surface of the ocean, which is why they are known as

Which is the correct answer?
- Deep sea animals
- fish
- Long Sea Fish
- Far Sea Animals

Target Text: Deep sea animals

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 49.40134
Retrieved Text: Today we are taking you to the Deep Blue Sea. Where you may find the most strange creatures that you may not have seen yet. Lets explore the 7 Most Strange Fish Of Pacific Ocean. The Most Beautiful Sea Creatures on the Planet.
Blobfish Belongs to the family of fatheads and is a deep-sea fish. We can find them only in Australia, Tasmania and New Zealand. Blobfish can spend its life even at a depth of 2000 to 3900 feet. At this Depth the water pressure is 60 to 120 times higher than the pressure at the sea level. It inhabits dark and cold parts of the ocean.
The biggest threat for the survival for blobfish is accidental entrapment in the fishing nets. This unusual fish is very rare and currently listed as endangered. Blobfish can reach 12 inches in length and 20 pounds of weight.
List of Most Strange Fish Of Pacific Ocean, Beautiful Sea Creatures.
Looking like it just swam out of a horror movie is the amazing fangtooth. Known scientifically as Anoplogaster cornuta, this menacing creature haunts the deep waters of many of the world’s oceans. The fangtooth gets its name from its rather impressive looking teeth, which are actually the largest teeth of any fish in the ocean when taken in proportion to body size. Because of its unusually grotesque appearance, the fangtooth has earned the nickname “ogrefish”. It is also referred to by some as the common sabretooth.
Read More About: 10 Interesting Animal Facts That Will Blow Your Mind!
Frilled sharks are not really that unusual

########
Rank: 1
Score: 48.37957
Retrieved Text: The one-and-a-half-metre male shark was pulled up near the Algarve region back in August, but the discovery began grabbing headlines this week. Some of the details accompanying the story, however, aren't entirely accurate.
The frilled shark (Chlamydoselachus anguineus) belongs among the world's more primitive shark species. It sports a ruffled throat and lizard-like rounded head, characteristic features from our oceanic past that are seldom seen today.
Just how "unchanged" these sharks remain, however – and exactly when they first arose – is still up for debate, and claims that the species is "one of the most ancient animals on the planet" are a bit misleading.
Shark skeletons are made of cartilage and therefore don't fossilise well, so most of what we know about their ancient kin comes from their mineralised teeth. Only around ten Chlamydoselachus shark fossils exist on record, and while the oldest tooth in that bunch dates back about 85 million years, the animal it belonged to was only a predecessor to the modern frilled shark.
Many reports have suggested that this shark is "one of the rarest animals on the planet", which is also untrue. Since its discovery in the 1880s, the frilled shark has been spotted in over 20 countries, including Arctic Norway, New Zealand, both US coasts, Japan and Chile. The species is occasionally sold in fish markets in Japan, and taken accidentally by trawl and gillnet fisheries worldwide.
"Frilled sharks are not really that unusual from the eastern North Atlantic," says Pacific Shark Research Center director Dr Dave Ebert, who managed to catch 28 of

########
Rank: 2
Score: 46.916153
Retrieved Text: Opahs, the only warm blooded fish species, are cold-blooded killers.
Scientists have found the first warm-blooded fish species! Opahs live up to 1000 feet beneath the ocean’s surface in very cold and dimly lit waters.
They’re reddish-orange with white speckles and some species can grow as large as six feet in length and 600 pounds.
Very little is known about opahs because they live so deep in the ocean and are rarely caught.
The scientific term for warm-blooded is endothermic. A basic meaning of this term is animals that produce their own heat.
Scientists did know they were predators that ate squid, krill and small fish. They wondered how opahs could catch such fast-moving prey, but they didn’t expect that warm blooded metabolism would be the reason for their hunting success.
Some sharks and tuna have what’s known as “regional endothermy,” or limited warm bloodedness. It allows them to stay active in colder depths. But opahs are unlike any other fish studied.
So, the fish don’t lose as much body heat into the cold water from their gills.
They also found that opahs constantly flap their fins, which generates body heat. Temperature measurements found that they were able to stay about 41 degrees Fahrenheit warmer than the surrounding chilly waters.
That’s not very warm compared to humans at 98 degrees, but their body heat gives them a competitive edge as hunters.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 46.736046
Retrieved Text: Many of you in the homeschool community are familiar with the Discovery Channel's Shark Week. Did you know it's been airing every July since 1988? It's pretty sensational. I have created a real goodie for you either before, during, after Shark Week or whenever, whether you watch Shark Week or not.
Let's dive into this topic and how you can use NatureGlo's free Sharks Online Unit Study in your homeschool today!
But first, some background information about sharks.
Sharks and humans have a long standing fascination-love-hate relationship. Since ancient times, sharks have been depicted in art, story-telling, poetry, songs, books, movies (*coughs, Jaws) interwoven throughout human history. This study affords the homeschool shark enthusiast a banquet of learning opportunities that can make even the most dry-as-dust-boring subject come to life for your child.
Sharks, are from a group of vertebrate (with backbones) animals known as the "cartilaginous fish". They are from order, Chondrichthyes, which is divided up into two groups called subclasses. They are further divided up into two groups called Elasmobranchii (sharks, rays, sawfish, and skates) and the Holocephali or chimaera or ghost sharks.
Here's a nifty looking poster showing you all of the 8 major existing shark orders.
Skeletons made of cartilage - Granules of calcium carbonate on the outside of the cartilage add strength. The mosaic granule pattern is unique.
There are some remarkable varieties that hardly look like sharks. Take, for example, the Tasselled wobbegong! Do you think they look like sharks at all?
History connection - Study the works of famed turn of the 19th century zoologist Bashford Dean.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 46.55264
Retrieved Text: Researchers found a rare frilled shark, a prehistoric creature that lives up to 4,200 feet below the sea and was around during the time of the dinosaurs.
Scientists made a remarkable discovery off the coast of Portugal, as we reported recently, finding a rare frilled shark that has a terrifying appearance. But there’s so much more to this fascinating species that most people are not aware of, and scientists themselves didn’t know until recent years.
The frilled shark was found during a research expedition aimed at minimizing unwanted fish catches that was commissioned by the European Union. The frilled shark has been unchanged for virtually 80 million years, meaning it lived during the time of the dinosaurs, and humans rarely encounter them since they live 390 to 4,200 feet below the ocean waves. Scientists didn’t discover them until the 19th century.
Despite their fearsome appearance, frilled sharks have never attack humans, although they have sharp, jagged teeth that have caused some unintentional cuts on examination. This species was first seen in the wild back in 2004 off the southeastern United States coast, and Japanese fisherman found a sick one in 2007.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 45.568325
Retrieved Text: Ocean & Sea Creature Facts to Blow Your Mind Real Tautological Fish Fish Names Cool / Scary Facts About Sea Creatures Photographed for the First Time Weird Animals Washed Up on the Beach A Guide to the Biggest Things in the Ocean Horrifying Found Creatures Wow So Many Nudibranchs! How Smart Are Cephalopods? Remarkable Octopuses Amazing Albino Aquatic Animals Lovely, But No Backbone Stunning Jellyfish What Creature Do You Want to Be? Shark Myths to Unthink Unbelievable Camouflage Beautiful Pics of Sea Squirts The Best Seafood to Eat Stunning Sea Caves Around the World Hey, Looking for Songs About Fish?
List Rules Vote up the creepiest mugs lurking beneath the waves.
Do you occasionally enjoy the peace and quiet of a nice day out on the waves? Love the occasional cute sea creature that pops up to say hello when you’re chilling at the beach? Well, then you may have come to the wrong place! Here we’ve collected a list of some of the most disturbing scary sea creatures that roam beneath the waves. We’ve scoured the depths of the deepest waters to find a list of creepy creatures and scary fish that prove that the deep sea and ocean depths are the most horrifying places on Earth.
You may think twice about taking up Scuba-diving after getting a load of some of these deep sea fish, who range from weird to terrifying. While some of these guys (or maybe they're gals, who can be sure?), such as the Dumbo octopus, could possibly be considered cute in the right

########
Rank: 6
Score: 44.25298
Retrieved Text: This week, we are focusing on Broadnose sevengill sharks (Notorynchus cepedianus). They are in the Hexanchidae family, related to the bluntnose sixgill shark, sharpnose sevengill shark, and frilled sharks.
They can get rather large, up to 3m (10 ft), and a maximum weight of 107 kg (326 lbs). They can supposedly live up to, and maybe beyond, 50 years.
A few distinguishable characteristics are that these sharks only have one dorsal fin, unlike most sharks that have two. They also have a wide head and blunt nose (hence the common name, “broadnose”). And, as the common name also says, they do have seven gills (most sharks have five). They range in coloration from a copper brown color to a silvery color, its body speckled with black spots (like stars, almost). These spots can actually be used as an identification; in fact, Ocean Sanctuaries has a project dedicated to this.
Now, here’s something cool about their hunting style: they sometimes hunt in packs. Not to mention they also rush behind their intended prey and munch! Crunch! Gulp! After a satisfying meal (usually a sea mammal or other shark), they tend to not eat for a while, letting their reward digest in their tummy for a while. In the meantime, you can see them cruising over their preferred rocky bottom habitats, but also over sandy and muddy substrates, mostly near the bottom and rarely seeing the surface.
These sharks are viviparious with yolk-sac, giving birth in shallow bays during the spring/summer after a 12 month gestation period. Their litters can be large,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 44.195507
Retrieved Text: Hefty Sharks are the only really big fish that are available for the hooking by virtually any fisherman, anywhere in salt water, from boat or shore. In the past, Sharks were ignored or maligned by the majority of anglers, with only a few of the largest kinds being grudgingly granted the accolade of “gamefish.” Finally, however, they seem to have gained widespread acceptance as worthy sporting adversaries, and also—the smaller specimens, anyway—as food. Not that large Sharks can’t be eaten too, but it’s a rare angler who wishes to wrestle a big one into the boat simply for culinary purposes. It goes without saying that Sharks of any species can be dangerous unless handled with the greatest care, and the larger the Shark, the greater the danger.
There are three main groups of sharks we will deal with here in Florida. The first is the Hammerheads. They look like creatures from outer space with their eyes located at either end of broad, flat heads. Three of these are common throughout warm waters, but the Smooth Hammerhead likes cooler temperatures and is only a seasonal visitor to Florida. The second group, known as Requiem Sharks, includes most of the species regularly encountered by anglers in our coverage area. Some are popular sporting targets and easily recognized, but sorting out the identity of others can be difficult for many fishermen. Our third group is made up of ocean-roaming Sharks that are often talked about, but not often seen by anglers, especially the Threshers, which comprise a separate family, while

########
Rank: 8
Score: 44.036327
Retrieved Text: Given the extreme depths to which scientists must go to find these frightful–and tiny–fish, little is known about the hatchetfish. Making top models around the world jealous, the morose-looking creatures derive their name from how razor-thin they are. Anatomically speaking, the hatchetfish’s thorax is supposed to resemble the blade of the hatchet, and its cold, silver glint the metal. Their name is somewhat deceiving, though; measuring in at a mere one to five inches in length, the hatchetfish is hardly deadly. It’s just, well, pretty terrifying.
More gelatinous than your grandma’s pudding, the blobfish’s strikingly jiggly appearance has captivated the attention of millions for the past several years. So striking is the mass with fins that just this year it was deemed the world’s ugliest animal. Life isn’t all that bad for this Oceania-dwelling creature, though. As the blobfish’s den is primarily near the bottom of the ocean, the water pressure is understandably high, causing the blobfish’s skin to have the approximate density of water.
You might think that lack of muscle tissue would prove disadvantageous, but you’d be wrong. All that means is that when it comes time to eat, the blobfish simply opens its mouth while floating merrily above the ocean’s floor. Its lack of density means that it doesn’t have to expend any energy in order to eat. Lazy chefs around the world, direct your ire to the blobfish.
Consider the fangtooth fish to be the underwater equivalent of a menacing pitbull with a heart of gold. Despite their threatening appearance, the fangtooth is incredibly benign–especially

########
Rank: 9
Score: 43.664455
Retrieved Text: The Whale Shark is the world’s largest fish and is estimated to live up to 150 years, making it the longest –living creatures on earth.
The Tiger Shark is considered to be one of the most dangerous Sharks as it is the most common large shark and will eat anything that fits into its mouth.
The most numerous Sharks found are the Oceanic Whitetip and Spiny Dogfish Sharks.
Amanzimtoti Beach in South Africa is the most dangerous beach in the world for Shark attacks.
The Shortfin Mako Shark is the fastest shark and one of the fastest fish in the world, reaching speeds of up to 31 miles per hour (50 kilometres).
The smallest Shark is the Dwarf Shark, measuring in at an average 4 inches.
The Nurse Shark is responsible for most Shark bites, although they are not fatal.
The Thresher Shark has the longest tail of any Shark, its tail is about as long as its body.
The Bull Shark has been known to live in freshwater rivers, lakes and lagoons.
Tiger Shark mothers have 2 uteri which allow them to give to 2 pups at a time.
Blue Sharks are among the most threatened Sharks in the world. Overfishing and the traing in Shark fins have led to a rapid decline in their numbers and scientists are concerned about their future recovery.
The Frilled Shark’s lizard-like head, rounded snout and circular mouth filled with more than 300 spiny teeth has earned it the nickname of the modern Loch Ness monster. Also due to its ancient ancestry and “primitive” characteristics, it has been described as

########
Rank: 10
Score: 43.013893
Retrieved Text: The conditions are perfect for a cruise, it’s dead calm, like driving over glass, but beneath the surface the scene is roiling. Amberjacks are spawning, and sharks have descended on the area to feed on the yellow-striped fish. Bulls, tigers, and silkies have joined the feeding frenzy, competing with the fishermen above for the biggest amberjack prize.
Thirty kilometers off the Florida coast, Neil Hammerschlag and his team are trying to catch some of the sharks that have come to feed. Yet despite being out on the water since the early morning, so far their hooks have pulled up nothing. Watching the fishing boats off in the distance, the team realizes why: their coordinates are off. In the featureless sea, geography takes place under the waves. The mountain rising hundreds of meters from the sea floor—peaking 100 meters below the surface—is where the sharks are gorging. The researchers make their way toward the fishing boats.
Hammerschlag and his lab at the University of Miami take only a few shark-tagging trips this far out to sea each year, always during the late spring when the amberjack spawn draws open-ocean sharks together in one place. Cruising in a 7.6-meter fishing boat, the team is at the mercy of the weather. Today looks good, but the sea has got the better of them before.
Their first trip out here this year the team caught nothing, and hit bad weather on the way back. The forceful winds of a squall sent stinging pellets of rain at their faces, making it hard to see.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 42.8789
Retrieved Text: The bigeyed sixgill shark (Hexanchus nakamurai) is a cow shark of the family Hexanchidae. Its dorsal surface has a brownish-gray color, and is sharply separated from the light coloring of its ventral surface. The eyes are a fluorescent green while the shark is alive. The body of this shark is small, slim, and fusiform in shape. As the name suggests, this shark has six gill slits, unusual among most shark species. The head is narrow and somewhat flattened, and the mouth contains 5 rows of large, comb-shaped teeth. This shark's single dorsal fin is pushed back towards the caudal fin, and is behind the pelvic fins. The upper caudal fin is much longer than the lower, with a deep notch near the tip. All fins have thin white margins on the edge. In juveniles, the upper caudal fin has a black tip.
Length at birth for this species is 34–45 cm; adults average 1.2 m for both genders, with a maximum of 1.8 m. Mature adults weigh around 20 kg.
Bigeyed sixgills are likely found worldwide. So far, they have mainly been found in the Caribbean Sea, the west-central Atlantic Ocean, the Mediterranean Sea, the Indian Ocean, and the western Pacific Ocean. These sharks live near the sea floor between 90 and 600 m deep, but may move closer to the surface at night to take advantage of prey there. They make their home on continental shelves, insular shelves, and upper slopes. These sharks do not inhabit abyssal environments.
As with other sharks, bigeyed sixgill sharks harbour a number

########
Rank: 12
Score: 42.23845
Retrieved Text: How many different species of sharks are there?
What is the largest shark?
Today’s Wonder of the Day was inspired by Mackenzie. Mackenzie Wonders, “How many sharks are in the ocean?” Thanks for WONDERing with us, Mackenzie!
How many stars are in the universe? How many fish are in the sea? Can these things even be counted? Or does the answer approach infinity?
How about one specific type of fish, like the shark? Surely we could get an accurate count of just the sharks, right? Actually, probably not!
There happen to be so many different types of sharks that it would be impossible to count them all. There could be a billion or more sharks in all the oceans around the world.
Up until the 16th century, mariners called sharks “sea dogs." Today, scientists believe there are more than 400 different species of sharks in the world.
Scientists believe that sharks are older than dinosaurs. The earliest known sharks existed more than 450 million years ago.
Unfortunately, it is rare to find complete fossil remains of sharks. This is because sharks don't really have bones.
Instead, they have skeletons made of cartilage, which is a kind of connective tissue strong enough to give support but softer than bone. Humans have cartilage in their ears and noses.
Sharks can be found in all seas around the world. Most sharks live in saltwater, but a couple of species — bull sharks and river sharks — can live in freshwater or saltwater.
Unfortunately, many shark species are under attack and are decreasing in numbers every year. Experts estimate that 100

########
Rank: 13
Score: 42.1546
Retrieved Text: Roughly a decade ago, during the time of the MLPA meetings, I wrote a letter to the editor of Western Outdoor News. The gist of my letter was that anglers were sometimes their our own worst enemies. At a time when public support of fishing was needed, too many anglers broke the rules. Too many kept fish that were too small, too many kept over the limit numbers of fish, and too many broke the seasonal regulations, i.e., for lobster. And unfortunately, too much of this was taking place on the piers where casual passersby could note the actions. It might happen as often on boats or kayaks but they were generally out of view of the public.
Not much seems to have changed in the intervening years. In fact, a recent incident at the Huntington Beach Pier once again brought down the wrath of the public on anglers—and especially pier anglers.
In late February a shark, probably a great white shark, was hooked from the pier, gaffed using a treble-hook pier gaff, and brought up to the pier to cheers from a crowd of interested onlookers. Pictures were taken and then, apparently, the fish was thrown back into the ocean where it probably died.
The entire episode was filmed by a visitor to the pier who then posted it to YouTube. Soon after someone showed the film to local lifeguards who then contacted the California Fish and Wildlife Department. By then the film had gone viral.
Understandably the Fish and Wildlife Department is investigating with a certain amount of

########
Rank: 14
Score: 42.137894
Retrieved Text: The sand tiger shark – not to be confused with the tiger shark – can often be perceived as quite fearsome. This is due to its large appearance and rows of sharp, pointy teeth that protrude out of its mouth even when its jaws are shut. Its daunting appearance can be linked to its relation with the great white shark – they’re cousins.
Unlike the great white, the sand tiger shark is actually very friendly and gentle, and is often found swimming alongside divers. Also referred to as grey nurse sharks, ground sharks, ragged-tooth sharks, and slender-tooth sharks, sand tiger sharks grow to lengths of 11 feet and weigh up to 350 pounds.
These bulky underwater giants can be found in coastal waters in the Atlantic, Pacific, and Indian oceans. They often swim in shallow waters and sandy bays – hence their name.
Sand tiger sharks are fond of warm sea temperatures and travel to even warmer waters when they’re mating. During their mating season, they migrate further to find warm waters for the rest of their pregnancies. It’s only in the summer that female sand tigers return to cool waters to give birth to their pups.
Unlike other aquatic creatures, the sand tiger shark only gives birth to one or two pups every two years. Sand tigers are ovoviviparous, this means eggs develop inside their bodies and then continue to develop until they are born as young sand tiger pups.
Females have two uteruses because young embryos feed on other embryos until there is only one left in the womb

########
Rank: 15
Score: 41.597805
Retrieved Text: “Mac Nut” the Giant Grouper is a recent addition to Maui Ocean Center, but her origin began on the Island of Hawai‘i. Raised at an aquaculture facility and a resident at a local resort, Mac Nut’s journey to the Maui Ocean Center brought with her an opportunity for guests to see and learn about one of Hawai‘’s lesser-known fish species.
Boneless, blue-blooded, slimy, and totally awesome, the octopus has bewildered ocean lovers for centuries. From cultural folklore to the gyotaku artists and sushi restaurants of Japan, the octopus has influenced coastal cultures throughout the world. Here are 8 tenti-cool facts and reasons why the octopus is one most fascinating animals beneath the waves.
Maui Ocean Center is proud to announce the newest addition to its sea turtle ‘ohana: six Hawaiian green sea turtle hatchlings. The hatchlings were relocated from a nesting colony at Sea Life Park Hawaii to the Aquarium where they will reside for the next two years as ambassadors of their species until their release to the ocean.
On August 30, 2018, Maui Ocean Center released two Hawaiian green sea turtles into Maui’s coastal waters. These honu (turtles) were hatched at Sea Life Park Hawaii and raised at Maui Ocean Center as ambassadors of their species, educating guests about Hawaii’s sea turtles and the challenges they face in the wild.
Leatherback sea turtles are seasoned mariners of the world’s seven seas. They are transoceanic travelers, accomplished divers, and one of five species of sea turtles found in Hawaii.
Sharks are incredibly important to our ocean’s ecosystems and are revered

########
Rank: 16
Score: 41.49561
Retrieved Text: New research published in Scientific Reports finds that sharks can see this fluorescence and that the coloration makes them more visible in the dark blue light of the ocean. Researchers have yet to learn if the sharks use the color to communicate or how. Here's a look at the amazing sharks and their glowing patterns.
Credit: Copyright Gruber et al.
A swellshark (Cephaloscyllium ventriosum) is about 3 feet (1 meter) long and gets its name because when threatened, it can gulp water to swell in size. Now, researchers have found that swellsharks are biofluorescent. This image shows the sharks under white light (top), natural light (middle) and blue light (bottom). The blue-light image represents the kind of light that penetrates into the shark's range, which starts at about 80 feet (24 meters) below the surface. Red light vanishes from the marine environment at only 32 feet (10 m).
Gruber and his colleagues were excited to find biofluorescent sharks and fish because those animals have advanced vision that might allow them to signal and communicate with their fluorescent abilities. To find out if sharks could really see their own skin fluorescence, the researchers analyzed the sharks' eye receptors and used that information to build a shark-eye camera that sees the world much like sharks do. They then swam with this camera to determine what biofluorescence looks like in a natural environment to these animals.
A biofluorescent swellshark under blue light has a "twinkling" pattern, Gruber told Live Science. The green coloration increases the contrast of the sharks against their dark blue

########
Rank: 17
Score: 41.038982
Retrieved Text: The genus and family name derive from the Greek word alopex, meaning fox. Indeed the long-tailed thresher shark, Alopias vulpinus, is named the fox shark by some authorities. The common name is derived from a distinctive thresher-like tail or caudal fin which can be as long as the body of the shark itself.
Thresher sharks are large lamniform sharks of the family Alopiidae. Found in all temperate and tropical oceans of the world, the family contains three species all within the genus Alopias.
Named for, and easily recognised by, their exceptionally long, thresher-like tail or caudal fins (which can be as long as the total body length), thresher sharks are active predators; the tail is actually used as a weapon to stun prey. By far the largest of the three species is the Common thresher, Alopias vulpinus, which may reach a length of 6.1 metres (20 ft) and a weight of over 500 kilograms (1,100 lb). The Bigeye thresher, Alopias superciliosus, is next in size, reaching a length of 4.9 m (16 ft); at just 3 m (10 ft), the Pelagic thresher, Alopias pelagicus, is the smallest.
Thresher sharks are fairly slender, with small dorsal fins and large, recurved pectoral fins. With the exception of the Bigeye thresher, these sharks have relatively small eyes positioned to the forward of the head. Colouration ranges from brownish, bluish or purplish gray dorsally with lighter shades ventrally. The three species can be roughly distinguished by the main colour of the dorsal surface of the body. Common threshers are dark green, Bigeye threshers

########
Rank: 18
Score: 40.8519
Retrieved Text: Located five metres below the surface of pristine turquoise waters in the Indian Ocean, just off Conrad Maldives Rangali Island, is the Ithaa undersea restaurant. Surrounded by vibrant coral gardens, diners can enjoy a panoramic ceiling of buzzing marine life while they enjoy a four-course lunch menu or a seven-course dinner menu. Look out for incredible dishes such as saffron champagne risotto, Maldivian lobster carpaccio and salty caramel sable. Ithaa can be booked for a private breakfast, weddings or other special occasions and is also open for mid-morning cocktails. If the idea of enjoying a meal beneath the ocean waves peaks your interest, then why not try counting fish instead of sheep at some of the best underwater hotels.
Located five metres below the surface of pristine turquoise waters in the Indian Ocean, just off Conrad Maldives Rangali Island, is the Ithaa undersea restaurant.
Surrounded by vibrant coral gardens, diners can enjoy a panoramic ceiling of buzzing marine life while they enjoy a four-course lunch menu or a seven-course dinner menu. Look out for incredible dishes such as saffron champagne risotto, Maldivian lobster carpaccio and salty caramel sable.
Ithaa can be booked for a private breakfast, weddings or other special occasions and is also open for mid-morning cocktails. If the idea of enjoying a meal beneath the ocean waves peaks your interest, then why not try counting fish instead of sheep at some of the best underwater hotels.
The centrepiece of the intimate Al Mahara restaurant is a floor-to-ceiling aquarium containing more than 30 different species of fish, which acts

########
Rank: 19
Score: 40.808464
Retrieved Text: Few creatures strike more fear in humans than the Great White Shark. In reality, Great White attacks on humans are rare and it is even rarer for one of these attacks to be fatal. However the size of the Great White Shark, its efficiency as a predator and movies such as “Jaws”, add to the perpetuation of this unnecessary fear. The Great White averages 15 feet in length, but some have been recorded as large as 20+ foot long and generally weigh up to 5,000 pounds. Great Whites also known as the “White Pointer”, are blue-gray on the dorsal or top part of their bodies. This helps them blend in with the bottom of the ocean when viewed from above. The belly or ventral part of the body is white. This makes it difficult to see the sharks from below, with sunlight shining in around them. They have strong, torpedo-shaped bodies and powerful tails that help them swim. Great White Sharks can reach speeds up to 15 mph. Great Whites use their speed & coloring to help them hunt. They search for prey at the surface of the ocean while swimming below. Once they spot a target, they use a burst of speed to bump their prey while simultaneously biting it. They have several rows of teeth that can number into the thousands. As teeth fall out, they are rapidly replaced by those in the row behind them. These sharp, serrated teeth can be devastating. A single, large bite can be fatal. When Great White Sharks

########
Rank: 20
Score: 40.695267
Retrieved Text: Few things are more import to an angler than structure. When an inshore fisherman thinks of what structure means to their fishing, they gravitate towards rock piles, sunken trees, and contour break lines. However, finding and fishing offshore saltwater structure is entirely different but every bit as vital to having a successful day fishing.
Off the coast of the Florida Keys, one of the most vital types of structure an angler can fish is reefs. Numerous different types of gamefish use reefs as feeding grounds. From sharks to sailfish, reefs provide an opportunity to pinpoint structure to fish offshore.
Not only are there natural reefs an angler can fish, but too, the Florida Fish and Game has created artificial reefs to promote and support fish life.
To locate reefs an angler must rely on their electronics either from locating reefs themselves or by following GPS waypoints found online. Don’t be afraid to check with bait shops or locals either for help finding reefs.
As with all types of structure, some reefs are better than others and gamefish are constantly on the move following their food. Don’t be afraid to explore different reefs and even come back to reefs that did not produce much fish in the past.
To fish a reef, an angler can deploy a variety of tactics. Vertical jigging and casting out a live bait are go-to’s for any offshore angler, however, drifting a reef edge with the wind can be just as rewarding.
Large sailfish are often caught on the edge of a reef at certain times of the year during

########
Rank: 21
Score: 40.473576
Retrieved Text: This article is referring to the flattened shark species Squatina squatina, also known as the “angelshark.” For the “other” monkfish, see the anglerfish article. The monkfish, or angelshark, is a critically endangered species of shark native to the coasts of the northeast Atlantic Ocean. They have flattened bodies, much like stingrays do, with an almost arrow-like body shape. Read on to learn about the monkfish.
This species of shark is incredibly odd-looking. This species of shark is one of the largest in its family, and can reach lengths nearly 8 ft. long. It looks almost like a cross between a stingray and a rug that got sucked into the vacuum.
Their long sides are actually extensive pectoral fins, and another set of fins large triangular fins follow them. They also have two small dorsal fins located just before the tail fin. This is a shark that you really have to see to believe.
This strange shark species is just as interesting as it looks. Sadly, their populations are in severe decline due to human activity. Learn more about why these cool creatures need your help below.
A Fish of Many Names – These sharks lay claim to a number of names, including monkfish, angelsharks, and even sand devils. An animal with the nickname sand devil and angelshark? Now that’s ironic!
Sit and Wait – This species, like all angel sharks, are ambush predators. They bury themselves just beneath the sand or mud and wait for prey to stray too close. Spotted colors, which match the sand they hide beneath, cover their

########
Rank: 22
Score: 40.454247
Retrieved Text: If You Want How Do Fish Gills Work Find Them Here & Save Time and Money!
Fish use their gills to extract oxygen from the water. So they need them as much as you need your lungs. The main difference between lungs and gills (other than water vs. air) is that lungs are tidal - air flows in one way, and back out the other way.
Why Do Fish Have Gills? Fish have gills because these organs are used to extract oxygen from the surrounding water in which a fish lives. Gills are different from lungs because gills generally work unidirectionally: water moves in one direction across the gills in order for the organs to extract oxygen.
Some fish, like sharks and lampreys, possess multiple gill openings. However, bony fish have a single gill opening on each side. This opening is hidden beneath a protective bony cover called the operculum. Juvenile bichirs have external gills, a very primitive feature that they share with larval amphibians.
Fish have gills because they need them to survive underwater. Gills absorb oxygen from the water just like we absorb oxygen from the air. At some point way back in time, the ancestors of fish needed to be able to breathe underwater, and those that evolved gills were able to.
A fish breathes by taking water into its mouth and forcing it out through the gill passages. As water passes over the thin walls of the gills, dissolved oxygen moves into the blood and travels to the fish's cells. If fish can breathe underwater, then why

########
Rank: 23
Score: 40.30781
Retrieved Text: A basking shark or Cetorhinus maximus is an oceangoing fish. Basking sharks are among the largest fish in the world, with specimens averaging around 33 feet (10 meters) in length. They share some physical traits with their shark relatives, but unlike other large sharks, they are not dangerous to people.
These fish are found in temperate waters all over the world, usually close to the shoreline. They are known as basking sharks because they have a habit of feeding and living near the surface, appearing to bask in the sun and warmer water. They can range in color from grayish to black, and are often mottled in color. Basking sharks are very slow swimmers, in part because of their large bulk.
This shark species is a filter feeder. It relies on marine microorganisms like krill for survival and does not seek out prey like fish. While basking sharks have teeth, they are small and poorly formed and do not pose a threat. They can be dangerous in close quarters because they may accidentally cause injuries with their sheer size, and there have been some recorded cases where people have collided with basking sharks in small boats and their craft have sustained damages.
Basking sharks have a distinctive pointed snout and very large gills that wrap almost entirely around the head. They have triangular dorsal fins that sometimes lead people to confuse them with their more dangerous cousins, and their rear fins are lunate, meaning that they are shaped roughly like a waxing or waning moon, depending on which side

########
Rank: 24
Score: 40.210445
Retrieved Text: When Does a Shark Need Camouflage?
Using light to hide in the dark might sound like a foolish thing to do, but consider this; when you’re swimming at the bottom of the deep ocean and you look up, what do you see? Light. A dim, glowing blue light filtering down through the water from the surface. And, seen from below, that’s exactly what the smalleye pygmy shark looks like. Its glowing blue belly blends in.
The tiny shark uses light organs called photophores on its belly to create light. When it wants to turn off the light, pigment cells in its skin darken in front of the photophores. It’s like pulling shades on a window.
Other sharks use this type of bioluminescence, too. In fact, ten percent of the 400 or so known species of sharks can produce this kind of light. Some, like the two-foot long lantern shark can also use their photophores for communication. They flash their lights like a signal beacon to let potential mates know where they are.
Big sharks like makos and great whites don’t use photophores. After all, they’re not too worried about predators from below. (Their only predator is man.) However, they are concerned about keeping it on the sly when they’re hunting prey. For them, “countershading” seems to be enough camouflage. Their topsides are dark so that when they’re swimming beneath you, or some tasty fish, they blend in with the darker water below. When they’re menacing prey from above, the light underbelly is supposed to make it harder to notice that

########
Rank: 25
Score: 40.12984
Retrieved Text: If you love sharks as much as we do at Deep Sea World, join us this July for a special themed event celebrating European Shark Week. Head to the aquarium from Saturday 22nd to Sunday 30th July and enjoy a whole host of activities and talks centred about the world’s underwater giants.
The ocean is such a vast space that it’s often hard to imagine how many fascinating creatures are living in the waters (and how many more have through history). We’re giving you the chance to explore a range of shark paraphernalia at our touch table stations.
For those feeling especially brave, why not pick up a tooth from the menacing Megalodon? Believed to have roamed the oceans 2.6 million years ago, Megalodon holds the title for the largest shark species to ever live and is one of the largest predators recorded in history – measuring approximately 52 feet, the shark was a whopping 3 times longer than the longest Great White shark!
The shark’s teeth are so big that they have often been mistaken for rocks or mythologically as dragon and giant serpent tongues. Come and see these fascinating snippets of history from one of the most foreboding creatures for yourself!
Sharks come all in all shapes and sizes but one thing all shark species are known for is their vast mouthful of teeth. Some sharks can actually shed up to 35,000 teeth in a lifetime! Compared to us humans, who only ever have about 52 teeth in a lifetime. Sharks are also known to have more than

########
Rank: 26
Score: 39.982105
Retrieved Text: The Miss Liane is a 2006 28 foot Carolina Classic. She is powered by twin diesels, giving her a cruising speed of 25 knots. At the helm, she is equipped with the latest electronics, EPIRB, and all safety equipment required by the united States Coast Guard. Her enclosed cabin includes A/C, heat, private head, and more comforts of home.
Miss Liane Sportfishing Charters is a family oriented charter service. Bring your wife, kids, and friends. You can fish for Fluke, Blowfish, Sea bass, Croakers, Tiger fish, Stripped Bass, Porgies, Weak fish, and Blue fish. We also cator to the hard- core and experienced angler for your corporate groups, or get togethers. We fish Barnegat bay as well as the ocean, including our local lumps, ridges, and drop offs. We troll, jig, and live line. On our in and off shore ocean trips, you can catch Stripped Bass, Bluefish, Bonita, False-Albacore, Skip- Jack, Mahi-Mahi, sharks and Blue fin Tuna. We offer tournament fishing dates for most local tournaments as well.
We supply all tackle (Shimano, Garcia, and Penn rods and reels). Bait and ice are provided. Expert instruction for novices or those eager to improve their skills. All fish filleting is included which is done by our first mate. If you have any questions please contact us.
We'll be more than happy to hear from you. Hope to see you soon on the water!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 39.88617
Retrieved Text: AUSTRALIA — It looks like something out of “Alien,” but has more in common with “Jurassic Park.” It’s a rare frilled shark that has been caught by a fisherman in Australia, where no one remembers ever seeing one caught before. With a mouth packed full of needle-like teeth and a body like an eel, the six-foot long frilled shark is sometimes described as a fish “fossil” that dates back 80 million years.
David Guillot says that it’s like nothing he or his fellow fisherman have ever seen in the deep waters in Australia’s south west.
“It was really prehistoric looking, freaky really,” Guillot said.
He caught the fish while trawling for fish at 1,100 meters a week ago, and thought he might have discovered some new type of shark.
The shark is known to live at extreme depths in both the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, but are very infrequently caught because their habitat is mostly off limits to fishing, said Simon Boaz of Australia’s South East Trawl Fishing Industry Association.
Guillot said that the frilled shark was still alive when he got it to the surface. But it did not live after being pulled up from the frigid depths. So he offered it to a local museum.
This seven-foot fish washed ashore in California. What happened next shocked scientists.
Baby Shark has taken over the world. Here’s who’s responsible.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 39.76871
Retrieved Text: Get your rods, reels and tackles ready — The White Marlin Open returns for its 45th year August 6 – 10, with purse money expected to exceed $5 million. The white marlin has all but been crowned the official fish of Ocean City, and every year the billfish and its annual tournament draws thousands of anglers and onlookers to the water and the weigh-ins at Harbour Island on 14th Street and the Bay.
In addition to white marlin, prizes are also awarded for sharks (pictured here), blue marlin, wahoo, dolphin and tuna.
The largest billfish tournament in the world.
Not only is the White Marlin Open the largest billfish tournament in the world, it’s also held in the “White Marlin Capital of the World.” It was President Franklin Roosevelt who first awarded Ocean City that title after a prosperous day spent fishing at the Inlet in 1939, and the town has more than lived up to its designation in the decades since.
The first White Marlin Open was held in 1974 and continuously awards prize money to white marlin, blue marlin, tuna, wahoo, dolphin and shark catches. The first tournament awarded a total of $20,000 in prize money, with a top prize of $5,000; in 2017, more than $5 million was awarded in total, with a top prize of $1.6 million.
The tournament was already a decent size in its first year, with 57 boats and 150 anglers competing for 20 grand, but since the 70s the White Marlin Open has absolutely exploded. In 2017 there were 358 registered boats and

########
Rank: 29
Score: 39.72528
Retrieved Text: Many of them, it is not strange, they eat plankton. Plankton is a conglomeration of various microscopic and small organisms. Mainly unicellular plankton contains algae, which absorb solar energy, thereby transforming inorganic substances into organic food.
Among the live algae protozoa unicellular animals and planktonic animals (fish, crustaceans). The most abundant and dense layer of plankton found in the surface waters of the ocean. Imagine how much you have to eat a huge fish like this food so he can eat? All sharks are predatory fish. They catch mammals. fish, birds. Often attack people in the coastal zone, where come for the plankton. Scientists explain the behavior of sharks, as encroachment of man into their territory.
I ameloblastoma body shape, dorsal fin large, strong tail. Big mouth, tucked away inside a huge number of dangerous sharp teeth, which are arranged in several rows. Gill slits are narrow, they are very visible because they are not covered by the Gill covers.
The barbed body is covered with placoid scales. They look like shark teeth – sharp, just very small. Patting the fish against their growth, can up blood to get hurt. Eyes are small, she sees well. Hearing she was in trouble. Well-developed sense of smell, so to speak, “the sixth sense” is the lateral line of the body.
Sharks reproduce in different ways. Someone lays eggs, hiding them in the rocks or in the algae, and there are viviparous species. About the offspring they don’t care, little fish themselves provided. But already at birth they are predators. Today scientists count

================



======= Instance Index 1 =========
Input Text: Gas can fill any container it is given, and liquid

Which is the correct answer?
- is standard weight and size
- is the opposite of variable
- only needs a few
- uses what it needs

Target Text: uses what it needs

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 34.13509
Retrieved Text: Four states of matter can be seen in everyday life: solid, liquid, gas, and – somewhat more exotically – plasma. As a tightly bound combination of oxygen and hydrogen atoms, a water molecule is nothing out of the ordinary. Liquid water, steam or ice are still just water. Yet, it is intriguing to see how the very same building blocks of matter are capable of producing such broadly distinct states.
As far as water is concerned, one phase can change into another really quite abruptly. At 99 °C, liquid water can subsist, whereas at 101 °C, water is in its gaseous state, as steam.
We look at these states by increasing order of energy and entropy.
In a solid, each atom is tied to a specific equilibrium position. Although it vibrates to and fro about this position, the atom is unlikely to move relative to its neighbouring atoms. This is the reason why a solid is rigid.
Solids have crystalline structures, consisting of a single crystal, as for gemstones, or a collection of microscopic crystals, as for the majority of metals. In a crystal, the atoms oscillate around equilibrium positions that are regularly ordered. You can think of the whole structure as a simple pattern being repeated endlessly and periodically throughout space.
Crystals are cleaved along lines of weakness between several atomic planes. One of their distinctive features is their symmetry.
A melting snowflake still showing a highly symmetrical molecular arrangement.
Ice (solid water) has at least seven crystalline phases, with water molecules arranged differently in each case. In ice, the molecules are

########
Rank: 1
Score: 33.26841
Retrieved Text: Flammable liquid fires cause hundreds of deaths and thousands of injuries in our nation each year. Here in Minnesota we suffered 12 deaths, 141 civilian injuries and $40 million in property loss during the past five years from flammable liquid vapor fires. These facts alone make reducing these statistics a priority to the East Grand Forks Fire Department.
Turn off your vehicle engine. Put your vehicle in park. Turn off any auxiliary sources of ignition such as a camper or trailer heater, cooking units, or pilot lights.
Do not smoke, light matches or lighters while refueling at the pump or when using gasoline anywhere else.
Before filling, always remove the containers from the vehicle and place them on the ground at a safe distance from the vehicle.
Touch the container with the gas dispenser nozzle before removing the container lid (provides another path to dissipate static charge to ground).
Keep the nozzle in contact with the container inlet when filling.
Never fill a container completely; rather, fill the container to 80% capacity. If the container is labeled as one gall, only put a maximum of one gallon of liquid into it, even if there is extra space left in the container. Leaving a vapor space in the can will allow the liquid to expand when the temperature changes. An explosion could result if the container is completely full.
Tightly secure the gas can cap and when transporting a flammable liquid in a vehicle, place the container in the bed of a pickup truck or the trunk of a car, never in the passenger

########
Rank: 2
Score: 32.031227
Retrieved Text: Why should I try to use substitution as a control method?
Substitution is often the best way to avoid or reduce a hazard. But it is not always easy or even possible to find a less hazardous substitute for a particular cryogenic liquid used for a specific job. Chemical suppliers may be able to suggest possible safer substitutes to meet the specific needs of your workplace.
Obtain MSDSs for all possible substitutes. Find out about all of the hazards (health, fire, chemical reactivity) of these materials before making any substitutions. Choose the least hazardous material.
Please see the OSH Answers Substitution of Chemicals: Considerations for Selection for more information. Also see Cryogenic Liquids and their Hazards for more information.
Why is proper ventilation important?
Well-designed and maintained ventilation systems remove gases from the workplace and reduce their hazards. To reduce the risk of fire, explosion or asphyxiation, ensure proper ventilation where cryogens are stored or used.
The amount and type of ventilation needed depends on such factors as the type of job, the kind and amount of materials used, and the size and layout of the work area. Some workplaces may need a complete system of hoods and ducts to provide acceptable ventilation. Others may require a single, well-placed exhaust fan. No special ventilation system may be needed where small amounts of inert gases are used. Assess the specific ways cryogenic liquids are stored, handled, used and disposed of in the workplace to find out if existing ventilation controls (and other hazard control methods) are adequate.
Make sure ventilation systems are designed and

########
Rank: 3
Score: 31.26579
Retrieved Text: gas container if kerosene can home depot.
gas container when i started on my can motorcycle 5 gallon.
gas container the can spout.
gas container auto shut off gasoline cans can spout walmart.
gas container export to south high quality cooking composite cylinder hot selling hotel bottle with can 5 gal.
gas container they say motorcycle can 5 gallon.
gas container 2 pack 5 gallon blue racing fuel jug can metal near me.
gas container red fuel can securing it to trunk near me.
gas container racing 4 pack pink square fuel jugs can alcohol water diesel spout cap replacement.
gas container other portable fuel test methods include but not limited to can pump home depot.
gas container metal w funnel surecan can 5 gallon.
gas container how to clean a dirty can or metal near me.
gas container do not heat containers when their contents is under pressure walmart.
gas container waste disposal safety containers can 5 gal.
gas container red blitz cap.
gas container airfield station containers kerosene can home depot.
gas container rack for trailers cans 5 gallon home depot.
gas container 5 gallon jugs metal can near me.
gas container 8 tube lowes.
gas container can spout cap replacement.
gas container limes offers plastic gasoline fuel cans and military holders cap.
gas container can 5 gallon spout home depot.
gas container preventing spills and limiting vapor exposure the spring loaded cap acts as a pressure release valve when you heat closed with in it target.
gas container gallon fuel can review pro tool reviews eagle home depot.
gas container can 5 gallon.
gas container one blitz cap.
gas container oh home depot.
gas container single chlorine vessel near me.
gas

########
Rank: 4
Score: 31.03062
Retrieved Text: Q.1 Which of the following are matter?
Chair, air, love, smell, hate, almonds, thought, cold, cold-drink, smell of perfume.
Sol. Chair, air, almonds, and cold-drink are matters. Explanation: Things that occupy space and have some mass are called matter. Since chair, air, almonds and cold-drink occupy some space and have some mass, so these are matter.
Q.2 Give reasons for the following observation: The smell of hot sizzling food reaches you several meters away, but to get the smell from cold food you have to go close.
Sol. Smell of anything comes because of gases emanating from the given thing. The smell reaches to us because of diffusion of gas. The rate of diffusion increases with increase in temperature. This happens because of higher kinetic energy due to higher temperature. That is why smell of hot sizzling food reaches to us from several feet. On the other hand, the kinetic energy of gases emanating from cold food is low because of lower temperature. Due to this, we need to move closer to a cold food to take its smell.
Q.3 A diver is able to cut through water in a swimming pool. Which property of mater does this observation show?
Sol. Water is also a matter. We know that particles of matter have space between them. In case of fluids, the space between particles is large enough and due to this it becomes easier for a diver to cut through water in a swimming pool.
Q.4 What are the characteristics of the particles of matter?
- The particles of matter are very small.
- The

########
Rank: 5
Score: 30.238707
Retrieved Text: But recent studied and research showed us that under extreme conditions like super cool or super hot chambers showed that matter can take more than three number of state.
Till now there are classical namely solid , liquid , gas , plasma and non-classical or modern state of matter.
Before coming to the non-classical or modern state , let us first discuss about the classical state .
In a solid state, particles are tightly packed together by strong molecular force and have very less room for any movement . Particles of a solid have very low kinetic energy. Solids have a definite shape. They do not take the shape of the container in which they are placed. They also have a fixed volume. The particles of a solid will not compress the solid to a smaller volume.
Here in liquid state, the molecular forces would be weaker, leaving the molecules to move around a bit more but still stay close to one another. They will have more kinetic energy than that of solids. Liquids take the shape of their container in which they are placed in and, like solids, they can’t be compressed into a smaller volume.
In gaseous state particles move around and spread out much more than liquid particles. If it’s in a container, the gas will spread to fill it; if it’s not, the gas will spread out forever. Gas has no definite volume or shape.
Plasma is a hot ionized gas made up of highly charged particles . Plasma consists of highly charged particles with extremely high kinetic

########
Rank: 6
Score: 30.044012
Retrieved Text: What regulator or regulator hose/pigtail should i use with the cylinder?
How much LPG will a Gaslow Direct Fill cylinder hold?
What are the dimensions of the Direct Fill cylinder?
How much will it cost to fill up with LPG?
Where can i buy a Gaslow Direct Fill Cylinder from?
Where can i fill a Gaslow Direct Fill Cylinder?
Does the cylinder need to be recertified?
Gaslow R67 Refillable LPG Cylinders, combined with industry leading Multi-valves, they are the safest gas cylinder for your gas locker!! Click here to see why we chose R67…..
More information on our Gaslow Refillable Cylinders and other products in our range can be found by clicking the links on the top of the page.
Clarification of R67-01 Rev 3: These are the uniform provisions concerning the 1, Approval of specific equipment of vehicles of category M and N using liquified petroleum gases in their propulsion system and 2, Approval of vehicles of category M and N fitted with specific equipment for the use of liquified petroleum gases in their propulsion system with regard to the installation of such equipment”. This is therefore only applicable to the LIQUID PHASE of the installation. When installed for this purpose, a fully compliant installation to EN 12979:2002 is required, which is a TANK mounted in the HORIZONTAL position UNDER THE VEHICLE. The R67-01 container design and test standards either meet or exceed all other cylinder standards.
A logical extension of this automotive standard for the installation of under floor LPG containers in the leisure industry has been supported by The National Caravan Council with

########
Rank: 7
Score: 29.124495
Retrieved Text: Yongjia Aocheng Import And Export Co., Ltd.
Customized logos can be print on the machines according to your requirements. If container is too tigher,we will use pe film for packing or pack it according to customers special request. If container is too tigher,we will use pe film for packing or pack it according to customers special request.
After all, it is quite a practical choice for diesel/kerosene transfering. Feature a. flexible option for the pumps and meters, as well as the computer controller board d. 3.Sample Free for Existing Samples, the sampling time is one wokable day .
Our warehouse is internally segregated into various sections that enable us in storing the products as per their category. This segregation helps us in easy identification and retrieval of products at the time of delivery. We pack all the products, using quality packaging material to ensure safe and secure transportation.
LPG single nozzle fuel dispenser LPG dispenser comprises LPG liquid pipeline, gas pipeline, valve,flow meter, temperature sensor and electronic control device, gas-liquid separator, liquid return nozzle and so on. Principle of dispenser: LPG in storage tank is transferred to dispenser via pump, and separator isolates the gas from liquid, then the gas returns to the storage tank, liquid be sent to flow meter to measure, after that, the liquid is sent to filling gun through hose and snap valve to fill the car. The flow signal from measurement and temperature sensor from temperature sensor are sent to the electronic control devices of the dispenser to be calculated, displayed and controlled by the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 29.099518
Retrieved Text: Hello students , In this page we provide you NCERT solutions for class 9 Science . In below you will see class 9 science , it is available on written images content and later it will be appears on typing text content. You can scroll it and find your solution which do you want to get solutions of any questions in your chapter. Also we provide you some extra questions for your practice for regarding to Class 9 CBSE exam. You can share our link with your friends or classmates and to help them to understand better about their subjects and clear their doubts.
Ans. Matter may be defined as anything which occupies space, has mass and can be judged by one or more of the five senses.
Que2. Name the different states of matter.
Ans. Solid, Liquid and gas.
Que3. Explain why a gas exerts pressure.
Ans. This is due to the bombardment of gaseous molecules against the wall of a container.
Que4. Both liquids and gases are fluids, yet they differ ?
Ans. Although both liquids and gases can flow the magnitude of attractive forces in liquids is more than that in gases. Thus, they are different.
Que5. Why solids have definite shape and volume ?
Ans. Because the vacant spaces between the constituent particles are very small in solids. They are very strong forces of attraction between the constituent particles in solids.
Que6. List out any two characteristics of liquids.
Ans. a) Liquids have fixed volume but not fixed shape. They can take up the shape of the container in which they are kept.
Que7.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 29.001999
Retrieved Text: The Mastrad Gourmet Whipper is a great professional whipper for smooth creamy desserts and infused oils but using the whipper for its main use is fantastic for rich fresh whipped cream.
The Mastrad Gourmet Whipper is a professional grade tool for cooks to use for perfect whipped cream, fantastic desserts and a whole host of fancy delights like espuma and infused oil. A whipper is a simple tool that uses either carbon dioxide or nitrous oxide to whip the ingredients inside the container by inducing the gas into the liquid.
Usually recipes call for the use of nitrous oxide for things like cream, mousse and espuma but a few things I came across for drinks use the carbon dioxide or CO2. The Mastrad Whipper uses the small nitrous dioxide cartridges in one of the connectors while the other is the nozzle where the cream or other ingredients are dispensed.
The handle is used to control the flow of the whipper while the cartridge is used once to fill the whipper with the desired gas. To whip a cream or other ingredient you would fill the container and ensure the rubber seal is in place on the top of the whipper then screw the top on.
The top has the valve, handle and cartridge connection and a cover that fits over the cartridge connection to keep it clean when you are not charging the whipper. The seal for the Mastrad whipper is a thick silicone seal with a handy inner ring for easy removal while cleaning the whipper.
To use the whipper

########
Rank: 10
Score: 28.71633
Retrieved Text: How does molecular geometry affect the boiling point?
Because it effects the the Brownian Motion and hence, the Entropy of the liquid.
First, we need to define the boiling point. The boiling point is the temperature at which a liquid will start changing into vapor.
Second, we need to understand what determines the state of a substance. It is simply determined by the distance (or rather the attraction forces) between the molecules of the substance.
A) Solids: molecules are tightly packed together, making the the volume constant and the shape fixed.
B) Liquids: molecules move freely but are still influenced by the intermolecular forces, giving them constant volume but an undefined shape that takes the shape of its container.
C) Gases: molecules are loose and have very weak (or zero) intermolecular forces, letting them lose any definite volume or shape. It will completely occupy the container its in.
So we conclude that the easier the molecules can move away from each other, the easier it is for those molecules to change from liquid to gas.
The driving force that causes molecules can move freely and randomly in a container (aka the Brownian Motion) is called Entropy. This force is directly influenced by the temperature.
"The less complex the 3D structure of a molecule is, the easier for that molecule to move freely and randomly near other molecules of the same substance."
3- Wearing heavy clothes and carrying food trays.
4- Wearing light clothes and carrying a few broomsticks.
That's exactly how molecular geometry effects boiling point.
I hope my answer wasn't too long and has given you a clear

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.520227
Retrieved Text: Static electricity occurs when electrons are moved about on a surface, like when you comb your hair. The friction of the comb moving across hair creates static electricity. You can see it, although if you comb your hair in the dark, you might see some sparks. Static electricity can cause sparks. Sparks that can ignite flammable liquid, when the vapor of the liquid is such that it can be ignited. Almost any movement can create static electricity.
Liquid moving through a pipe or hose creates static electricity. What is happening is the liquid is moving different electrons from one to another. The friction of electrons creates what is called electricity or more appropriately, static electricity. When the conditions are right, you create static electricity by walking on a carpet. If you touch something, static electricity flows through your body and accumulates at the point you touch, which gives you a little tingle. Nothing serious, but a static electricity shock is enough to let you know you've been shocked.
There have been many serious injuries and fatalities due to flammable liquid explosions caused by static electricity. That's what this program is all about, reducing the effects of static electricity and potential explosions when transferring flammable liquids from one container to another. We call this bonding and grounding. It's a simple procedure, but it's extremely important to understand how to properly bond and ground. Let’s use the simple example of transferring gasoline from a 55-gallon drum to a five-gallon drum.
The first step is to ground the 55-gallon drum. Grounding means

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.290827
Retrieved Text: CHAFF DISPENSING SYSTEM - Celesco Industries Inc.
The embodiments of the chaff dispensing system disclosed in the present application use a slurry of Freon and chaff particles and thus permits hydraulic and pneumatic principles to be readily employed to ease the handling and dispensing of the chaff. The flow rate of the slurry can be precisely controlled to obtain chaff clouds of desired densities. Once the slurry is dispensed into the atomsphere at altitude, the highly volatile Freon vaporizes so that it does not adversely affect the formation of a cloud by the chaff particles. The Freon and chaff particles have substantially the same density to minimize settling or separation by the action of gravity, and the particles will thus remain distributed evenly in the slurry.
12. A slurry as claimed in claim 9 wherein the density is within the range of approximately 0.05 pounds per cubic inch to 0.07 pounds per cubic inch.
13. A slurry as claimed in claim 10 wherein said liquid carrier is a Freon fluorocarbon.
The present invention relates to a system for dispensing radar reflective particles particularly suitable for use with airborne vehicles, such as aircraft, gliders, missiles, and the like, and to a novel slurry used in such system.
Since almost the invention of radar, it has been known that small particles of conductive material dispensed as a cloud into the atmosphere inhibit radar. This material is most commonly dispensed by airborne craft to confuse or saturate ground or airborne radar, but also has other uses such as in radar tracking practice.
This conductive material

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.937513
Retrieved Text: This is an animation of particle model for such situation.
You can change the gravity and Temperature of the system. You can also drag any one of the green box to change the volume of the container.
A smaller attraction force between particle was assumed: F(r)=-k/r for 2D simulation (equilibrium to 1/r2 for 3D).
The initial state is g=10.0 and T=250K. Wait for a few minutes, you will find something similar to the following image, similar to a solid state. Particles are located at nearly fixed locations.
If you increase the temperature , you might found the system change to liquid state. The particles try to fill the lower part of the container. There are still attracted to each other and particle can moving around.
If you increase to even higher temperature, you will find the system change to gas state. Particles try to fill the whole volume of the container.
what mathematical model equation is this using.
is there any wikipedia page on the mathematical equations used?
As far as I can remembered: I did tried with Lennard-Jones potential , but I did not get a good result. (did not find the good parameter space values for the simulation).
You can tried with different model by yourself. This is the beauty of using EJS to build and test you own model.
The above code assume F(r)=-Fo/r; in the vector r direction.
Actually, this is Columb's Law in 2D.
You can understand the above relations with Gauss Law. The model assume space is uniform.
In 3D: The surface area at r is 4*π*r2 so force is proportional to r-2

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.932701
Retrieved Text: Hardware has been replaced by software. Certainties have been replaced by dynamic realities. Heavy structures have been replaced by a light touch and ever-changing systems. The stories we tell each other about the world and ourselves have lost their solidity and certainty.
Liquidity can be seen both as a liberation from the solid and as its breakdown. The liquid forces us to think other non-stable states and configurations: the gaseous, the porous and the void.
Beginning in 2000 with an analysis of Liquid Modernity the sociologist Zygmunt Bauman continued to explore Liquid Love (the frailty of human bonds), Liquid Life (the precariousness of contemporary living conditions), Liquid Fear (the constant anxieties of imminent catastrophes) and Liquid Times (the inherent uncertainties of ever changing frames of reference).
In Cinema 1: The Movement Image (1986), Deleuze makes a distinction between three different kinds of perception: solid perception, liquid perception and gaseous perception. Gaseous perception is defined as an image-system where everything is at the service of variation and interaction. Gaseous perception describes a molecular inter-relationship of images, a kind of montage of the world that carries perception into matter.
Together we can define further areas of focus through (in no particular order) thinking, reading, discussing, watching films, looking at art, travelling, talking to artists and writers, planning an exhibition and/or publication (all of which is what I do most of the time anyway).
Proposed trips Cairo or Johannesburg (?) and London.
Definition: Liquid is the only state with a definite volume but no fixed shape. A liquid is made up of tiny vibrating particles

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.811707
Retrieved Text: Helium Tank Rental | Liberty Industrial Gases and Welding Supply, Inc.
Helium is a tasteless, odorless, nonflammable, non-toxic, inert gas. The smallest of all molecules, helium is the second lightest elemental gas, after hydrogen.
Helium is produced continually by the radioactive decay of uranium and other elements, gradually working its way into the atmosphere. However, commercial extraction from air is impractical because helium’s concentration is only about five parts per billion.
Helium is a colorless, odorless and tasteless inert gas which has no toxic properties. A member of the rare gas chemical family, it is 1/7 as heavy as air. Liquid Helium at -452ºF is the coldest liquefied gas.
The Compressed Gas Association (CGA) specification G-9.1-1992, Type I, Grade D is considered the commercial gaseous helium standard.
Type II liquid helium, when passed through a 10 micron absolute filter at less than 5.2ºK is pure helium for which no analysis is necessary.
The water content of helium required for any particular grade and application may vary with intended use. If a specific limit is required, it should be specified as a limiting concentration expressed in ppm (v/v) or the dew point equivalent. Also note that the water content of grades 4.5 and higher will be about 10 ppm higher when supplied in Pyrex glass flasks.
The Quality Verification Levels apply only to gaseous helium. Impurity limits for liquid helium are not specified since sufficient technical data and analytical procedures are not available to warrant a definitive quantitative specification. The requirement for insuring that the loaded fluid in a container is liquid helium can

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.614895
Retrieved Text: What is a Seltzer Bottle?
Seltzer bottles, also known as soda siphons, are used to transform normal tap water into carbonated water. Though they are still occasionally used today, they were at their most popular before soda and seltzer were widely mass produced and distributed. Once the water is carbonated, it can be added to flavored syrups, alcoholic beverages, ice cream sodas or any other drink that may benefit from some bubbles.
The base of a seltzer bottle is a container that is filled with cold water. Newer seltzer bottles' bases are generally made of metal, but antique seltzer bottles usually have glass bases. The head of the bottle fits into a stationary plastic or rubber seal around the top of the container that keeps gas and liquid from escaping. A tube extends from the bottom of the head into the bottle. There is a spot in the container head to connect a holder containing the carbon dioxide-filled cartridge to the bottle.
The base of the bottle is filled with cold tap water, with a bit of space left between the top of the base and the fill line. The tube is inserted into the base, and the head is screwed onto the bottle. A carbon dioxide cartridge is inserted into its holder and placed in the slot on the side of the head; the holder pierces the cartridge, allowing carbon dioxide to flow into the base through the tube. The preparer shakes the seltzer bottle for 10 to 15 seconds to disperse the carbon dioxide throughout the water.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.587
Retrieved Text: Claims. (Cl. 174-15) This invention relates to electrical apparatus, and more particularly to apparatus utilizing vaporization of a liquid dielectric to dissipate the heat developed during operation of the apparatus and utilizing the vapors of the dielectric liquid as an insulating medium.
In U.S. Patent No. 2,561,738, filed November 4, 1949, by C. F. Hill and assigned to the same assignee as this application, there is disclosed an enclosed electrical apparatus employing a relatively small amount of fluorinated organic liquid coolant which is sprayed or applied over the electrical windings of the apparatus to cool them by evaporation of the liquid coolant, the evolved vapors constituting a part of an electrically insulating gas mixture. Such apparatus is efficient in operation but has the disadvantage that the pressure of the insulating gas mixture developed within the casing varies greatly during the operation of the apparatus. In order to prevent excessive pressures within the casing of such apparatus, it is desirable to provide means with such apparatus for maintaining the pressure of the insulating gas Within the casing at substantially a predetermined value whereby'excessive pressures are prevented and the dielectric strength of the insulating gas is maintained above a minimum value.
non-condensable gas for insulating said elements until said liquid compound vaporizes, and means for segregating the vapors of said liquid and said non-condensable gas after said apparatus heats up.
Another object of this invention is to provide a sealed electrical apparatus including an enclosed casing, an insulating gas which comprises a mixture of the vapors of a liquid fluorinated compound

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.54511
Retrieved Text: The gas - vapor mixture of greatest practical importance is the air - water system1. The thermodynamic behavior of this mixture affects the weather and engineered devices such as air conditioners. In these applications, air can be treated as an inert ideal gas.
1 Reference 1 (p. 252) gives a short discussion of gas-vapor mixtures.
The onset of liquid water condensation is illustrated in the p-T diagram of Fig. 5.3. The unsaturated air in state 1 has a relative humidity given by pw/psat,w(T1), where pw is specified. psat,w(T1) is located at point 1' on the liquid-vapor co-existence curve. When this gas is cooled at constant total pressure, both pw and pa remain constant until the saturation curve at state 2 is reached. The temperature at state 2 is the dew point given by Eq (5.14). Upon further cooling from state 2 to state 3, water condenses from the gas, pw (now equal to psat,w) decreases as determined by Eq (5.13), and pa increases to keep the total pressure constant. The following example illustrates this process in detail.
Example: Unsaturated air is cooled from state 1 to state 3 in a piston/cylinder container maintained at a constant pressure of 1 atm.
(c) heat removed from the container per mole of air during cooling from state 1 to state 2 and from state 2 to state 3.
(a) The saturation pressure associated with the air temperature of state 1 is on the liquid-vapor curve in Fig. 5.3 (point 1') directly above point 1. As calculated from Eq (5.13) for Ti = 35.2oC (308.2

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.541761
Retrieved Text: The TDS-Pro® systems are submerged combustion style evaporators designed to evaporate 120 to 1000 barrels of water per day. These systems utilize existing gas from wells or other sources to create combustion and heat process fluids. Power is provided by either line voltage or a generator on site. A single system consists of several different plumbing systems, electrical lines and separate skid components that can be transported and hooked up on site repeatedly by using a modular system of interconnecting components that are interchangeable.
The evaporator systems are comprised of three main skid systems: the evaporator skid, staging tank skid and solid container skid. Each skid is designed to be transported on 48 ft trailers for ease of transportation between deployment sites. Multiple solid container skids may be deployed to a site, but only one is in service at any given time.
GAS: Service gas enters into the evaporator through a first cut regulator to stabilize the gas pressure prior to entering a fuel scrubber. After the scrubber, another regulator will further reduce the gas pressure then pass through a safety valve. Gas will then enter into a burner, be mixed with air and ignited in the evaporator’s combustion chamber.
AIR: Air service is provided by a a blower that pushes air through silencers before entering the air train. Air will then route through a flow control valve on top of the unit before entering the burner to be mixed with the service gas.
Additionally, a line is piped to the staging tank from each silencer and returned to the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.41744
Retrieved Text: Many liquid or slurry chemicals are transported and stored between process operations using pallet tanks or drums. These containers generally are designed for pressures up to 2 psi (.14 bar) and are often contained in a structural frame for easy storage and fork truck handling. The products within these containers often need protection from air and moisture to retain flavors and other properties, prevent oxidation and product deterioration. The typical solution is to blanket or pad the contents with an inert gas, but that presents several challenges namely adding blanketing gas as product is withdrawn, removing product vapors to a scrubber or recovery unit as product is re-introduced to the container, while prohibiting the introduction of ambient air during container transportation and storage.
In filling a container with product, the blanketing gas or vapors in the head space must be vented to a proper disposal process to meet air quality and safety codes. Connecting the tank to the disposal system though an Equilibar back pressure regulator achieves the goal of retaining a slight pressure on the product container, yet relieving the pressure as the container fills. Equilibar GS series back pressure regulators are ideal for this application and can be remotely controlled by several set point options including electro-pneumatic controllers driven by your process computer. The sketch below represents a typical drum or tank filling installation.
The blanketing gas can be air or an inert gas and the pressure needs to be precisely controlled.
The pressure reducing regulator handles the primary pressure control task; the pressure is fine-tuned by

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.273129
Retrieved Text: The Benefits of Lüber Gas Generators. Their low energy and catalyst consumption are testament to the economy and efficiency offered by Lüber gas generators. Electronic flow meters ensure highest dosing accuracy (patented). Catalysts are filled without the need to interrupt production. Lüber gas generators comply with CE and EX protection standards in accordance with Directive 94/9/EC and hold a test certificate ref. SEV 08 ATEX 0114. Our devices are simple to operate, offer easy access to all components and are low-maintenance. There is an option to connect to an operating data logging system to analyse all important data, too.
Central Amine Supply – completely clean. The central amine supply («ZAV») supplied by the Lüber GmbH serves to supply several gas generators with liquid media. Our ZAVs are fitted with a suitably dimensioned storage container which is easy to fill from a drum or container. On demand, the medium is supplied directly to the respective gas generator through a closed conduit system. You can choose from two versions: You can either place your ZAV in a raised position so that supply is effected in accordance with the gravitation principle, or you have the option to convey the medium to the respective gas generators using an integrated pump system.
Numerous Benefits and the highest Level of Safety. Our central amine supply («ZAV») is provided with various safety-related features, primarily a catch basin mounted underneath the ZAV. In case of emergency, any medium spilled is therefore caught immediately. There is also a leakage sensor in accordance with WHG § 19 I

########
Rank: 22
Score: 27.17452
Retrieved Text: The Liquid Nitrogen Injector offered by Liquid Packaging Solutions dispenses a measured dose of liquid nitrogen into a container. Once inside, the liquid nitrogen picks up heat and turns into gaseous nitrogen trapped inside the container. This nitrogen expands to add rigidity to containers, adding stability to lightweight containers. The liquid nitrogen injector can also be used to remove oxygen from containers by allowing the nitrogen gas to escape before it expands in the container. Removing oxygen increases product shelf life and maintains product taste and color.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 27.147629
Retrieved Text: Liquids have many fascinating facets, and one of the fascinating facets about them is when put in a closed container, a gas will gradually form over time. What is this substance and how does it affect the surrounding environment? Well, let’s start by looking at it from a microscopic viewpoint. Well, first of all we know that molecules in a liquid move around in a semi-free fashion but are held together by cohesive forces resulting from intermolecular interaction. But what happens if the energy of one of these moving molecules overcomes such internal forces? As it turns out, this molecule will be freed from the constraints of the liquid substance and be allowed to float around as a gas. And if this liquid is trapped inside a closed container, then the gas molecules will be too. Some of these gas molecules will eventually lose kinetic energy and in turn will be dragged back into the liquid. Eventually, a steady state will be formed with the number of molecules leaving the liquid will equal the number returning to the liquid. As a result, this steady gas will exert a vapor pressure on the liquid beneath it.
Now here is where things become interesting. If one were to increase the temperature of the liquid, then then the kinetic energy of the molecules of the liquid will increase, causing a greater amount of liquid to be released into the gas, therefore increasing the vapor pressure of the gas!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 27.025799
Retrieved Text: Did you know that everything around you is made of matter? Matter is the air you breathe, the chair you sit on, the computer you are using, and everything else that you can see and touch. Basically, matter is defined as anything that takes up mass. Matter can be found in three different states, known as the states of matter. So if everything is made of matter, what do you think matter is made up of? Matter is made from things called atoms, and atoms are so small that you can't see them with your eyes, or even with a regular telescope. Just one drop of water is made of millions of atoms. Now that you know what matter is made of, let's talk about the three states of matter; solid, liquid, and gas.
Solid matter is made of atoms that are packed really tightly together. Think of an ice cube that is frozen solid. You can't move anything through it because the atoms are packed together so tight that they will hold their shape. Even though all solids have atoms that are packed tight together, there is still a small space between the atoms. How big or small a space is between the atoms will determine an object's density. For example, a piece of wood will have a lower density than a piece of gold the same size. There is more space between the atoms of the wood than there is between the atoms of the gold.
With liquid matter, the atoms are spaced out a bit

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.940468
Retrieved Text: A chemical solution is the result of dissolving a substance in a fluid solvent, where the materials do not react chemically and are typically either both polar or both non-polar molecules.
The solution's molecules or ions mix homogeneously and do not separate by mechanical means. Changing the temperature is usually used to separate the ingredients of solutions.
What are the types of solutions?
What are other characteristics of solutions?
Combination of materials to create a solution includes liquids, solids and gases that dissolve in a liquid or in a gas. The main requirement is that items must be both be either polar or both non-polar for them to readily mix and form a solution. It is possible for polar and non-polar materials to form a solution in some special cases.
Alcohol and water molecules will mix evenly together to form a solution. This is because they are both polar molecules. The molecules are spread throughout the solution, but yet they do not chemically combine to form another substance.
It is interesting to note that you can combine a liter of water with a liter of alcohol, but you do not get 2 liters of the mixture. Instead you only get about 1 1/2 liters. (The same would hold for measuring in quarts or pints). The reason that 1 + 1 is not equal to 2 in this case is that the molecules mix in between each other and fill in spaces that would normally be empty in the liquid by itself.
Some solids can dissolve in a liquid to form a solution. Common

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.933311
Retrieved Text: 1.5years warranty, if any quality problems of the liquid nitrogen container, we change you for a new one!
2.Overseas service and guidance is feasible to solve the trouble for liquid nitrogen container.
4.Any questions after sale are welcome and we will try our best to solve your problems.
self-pressurized tank is a new technology products, in recent years the introduction of our company for storage, transportation of liquefied air products (liquid nitrogen) of high vacuum multilayer insulation movable cryogenic liquid container.
The complex structure, made of stainless steel inner liner, high vacuum insulation interlayer, built-in type gasifier, valves and piping and safety system etc.
*YDZ series are equipped with double safety auto-control valves and double protective measure, which are more safe to use.
*This kind of products have the feature of increasing pressure and draining the liquid continuously, which helps to effectively fill the liquid .
*The movable wheels with high carrying capacitymake it easily move.
*The special ultra-low temperature cut-off valves are easier to operate.They are durable and elegant.
*Widely used supplementary and transportation of liquid nitrogen,liquid oxygen,and liquid argon containers*Together with the devices of laboratory and electronic instruments.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.648495
Retrieved Text: How can I demonstrate Boyle's law?
Shows the relationship between pressure and volume of an ideal gas at a fixed temperature.
This means that if nothing else changes, the volume of a given mass of gas is inversely proportional to pressure it is under. Charles's law. Main article: Normally you can let the gas out of a can or bottle release cleanly, but if the bottle is shaken up and the gas is mixed into the liquid, then you may have a mess on your hands.
Loved the way u make everything appear super simple thanx alot for simplifying my assignment: Just as we have guard dogs, lap dogs, and hunting dog; draft horses, race horses, and war horses; we also have brewer's yeast, champagne yeast, and bread yeast. Here P 1 and V 1 represent the original pressure and volume, respectively, and P 2 and V 2 represent the second pressure and volume. The volume of the gas itself is decreasing inside the tower even though the volume of the tire as a whole may be increasing a small bit.
You have to realize first that Charles' law is the change in volume with respect to temperature for constant pressure while Boyle's law is the change in volume with respect to pressure for constant temperature. Anyway, great hub. So that here is now four Proportionals, and by any three given, you may strike out the fourth, by Conversion, Transposition, and Division of them. As a diver goes deeper underwater, that pressure begins to increase.
Marshmallows are a frozen foam and

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.611822
Retrieved Text: Every camper needs a good portable light source - it's absolutely essential to find your way back after an evening out. Get more free help and advice when you join the Club.
Today the best of these are fitted with Light Emitting Diodes (LEDs). They give really bright light as well as long battery life.
It's definitely worth considering a head torch. These may not look very elegant, but they direct light exactly where you're looking and leave both your hands free.
You are also likely to need some more powerful light to see what you’re doing in and around your tent or outside your caravan or motorhome.
Many campers choose a traditional lantern. Lanterns come powered by a variety of fuels and in a large range of sizes and qualities.
Most popular are gas lanterns, which are powered by small disposable cartridges filled with Liquid Petroleum Gas (LPG), normally butane or propane or sometimes a cocktail of both.
Any gas equipment has its dangers but if it's used sensibly it has a remarkably good safety record. Nevertheless, manufacturers still recommend you don’t use a gas lantern inside your tent.
The main brand here is Coleman and not surprisingly the fuel is called Coleman fuel. In fact, Coleman fuel is simply a very clean version of the same unleaded petrol you probably put in your car.
If you buy Coleman fuel in small cans in a camping shop you’ll find it quite expensive. If you fill up at the local petrol pump it’s certainly the cheapest way of lighting your camp.
Electric lanterns are available

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.488214
Retrieved Text: We would like to introduce you to our range of filling machines for the chemical or food industry. Our machines suitable to serve in an industrial environment to fill transport tanks and barrels with capacities ranging from 100 to 1000dm3. Their construction has been developed by our engineers in cooperation with our clients, whose experience and suggestions are valuable because they have been masters in distribution business for years.
Our machines can perform many functions to make work even simpler and safer.
In addition, every possible redundancy has been sidestepped to prove that the construction is more reliable and to cut the price for our customers.
These filling machines are produced in many options, which are agreed and optimised in consultation with our clients to meet their needs more accurately. Please note that the essential part of every machine is a filling crane. The rest of the equipment may differ and depends on the application.
The master logic control is programmable, so it is very flexible and future proof. Solutions are matched to the specific liquid and the technology used by a production plant, so it is very easy for us to take into account any future needs of our clients.
The BELMAR company has dealt with automation in the chemical industry for over 50 years. Its heritage is connected with the large, well-known chemical plant Zakłady Chemiczne Blachownia in Kedzierzyn-Kozle, Poland. Formerly separate mechanical, electrical and automation services have been connected; thus our staff is well qualified to deal with every technical challenge. We can produce both high-quality and functional

================



======= Instance Index 2 =========
Input Text: When birds migrate south for the winter, they do it because

Which is the correct answer?
- they are genetically called to
- their children ask for them to
- it is important to their happiness
- they decide to each year

Target Text: they are genetically called to

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 39.28833
Retrieved Text: Hummingbirds are small birds best known for their ability to hover in mid air by rapidly flapping their wings and for being the only bird that can fly backwards. They are also capable of incredible speeds and have been known to fly at speeds faster than 55 km/h (34 mph). There are over 300 species of hummingbirds and these birds are only found in the Americas where they range from southern Alaska to the southernmost point of South America. Hummingbirds drink the sweet liquid inside flowers called nectar and also eat small insects and spiders. Many species of hummingbirds migrate in search for food and warmer weather.
Most of the hummingbird species in North America are known to migrate. These birds migrate from Canada and the United States in fall to spend winter in Mexico or other parts of Central America. They return north in spring for the northern summer. There are also some species of hummingbirds in South America that migrate north to the tropical parts of the continent in winter. Remember that both species migrate for winter, but this occurs at opposite times of the year because of the difference in seasons between the northern and southern hemispheres!
A hummingbird will consume extra food to prepare for migration. Most species gain about 25-40% extra weight for the journey. Unlike some other birds, such as geese, hummingbirds migrate alone. The first thing that the birds do after arriving at their destination is begin to fatten up again!
The Ruby-throated Hummingbird can take a 800 km (500 mi) to

########
Rank: 1
Score: 38.199673
Retrieved Text: A flock of birds during a migration flight is certainly a spectacular sight. Not all birds migrate, in fact only about 1800 species of birds migrate out of the 10,000 total bird species on Earth. The birds that do have a very good reason for doing so. Amazingly, some species of birds can migrate more than 22,000 km (14,000 miles) each year! If you have ever wondered about the cause of this particular animal behavior, keep reading to find out.
Scientists do not know all of the reasons that birds migrate, but they have some very good theories to explain this behavior.
The number one reasons for birds migration is believed to be the lack of availability of suitable foods. When the food becomes scarce in one area the birds migrate to an area where more food is available.
Another reason that many birds migrate is because they live in areas that are only suitable areas in certain seasons. Birds often migrate when it becomes cold because the colder weather means they use more energy and the frozen ground restricts the availability of food. Some birds that spend most of the time on water, such as ducks, must migrate because the water freezes during winter.
Another reason that some birds migrate is to breed. Resent research shows that some southern species of birds actually migrate north for the sole purpose of breeding.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 37.200493
Retrieved Text: Many birds fly across the oceans and between continents in groups to follow food, habitat or weather conditions. These great seasonal movements of bird species are known as migrations. The most famous migrants like swallows and arctic terns travel huge distances across the globe. About 40 percent of the world's bird species (at least 4,000 species) regularly migrate, some traveling across oceans, other traveling mainly overland.
Arctic terns travel the longest regular migratory route of any animal on earth. Every year these sea birds travel from pole to pole and back, so they experience two summers per year. The round trip is roughly 44,300 miles. Breeding takes place in summer in the Arctic and sub-Arctic areas of North America, Asia and Europe. When Arctic terns are not nesting, they spend almost all of their time in the skies above the oceans, feeding on fish and small invertebrates.
Barn swallows are a type of swallow with a particularly long migration route. Barn swallows are land birds and breed in large groups across most of the Northern Hemisphere, including North America and Europe. They migrate huge distances across the oceans and land to spend winter all over the Southern Hemisphere. Because swallows feed on airborne insects which are common on land, they minimize the distance of sea crossings by detouring across land when possible. When not migrating, Barn swallows are common around waterways, grasslands and lakes.
Ducks, geese and swans spend much of their time swimming and feeding in waterways such as lakes and rivers. They breed in the Arctic during

########
Rank: 3
Score: 37.06006
Retrieved Text: A resource of Biophilia: Pittsburgh, #bioPGH is a weekly blog and social media series that aims to encourage both children and adults to reconnect with nature and enjoy what each of our distinctive seasons has to offer. From the best times to plant seasonal flora and enjoy their peak blooms, to astronomical events and creatures to keep an eye and ear out for, Phipps will keep you in the know with what’s going on in our environment!
Most of us can recite the conventional wisdom that birds fly south in the winter without even thinking about it, but we also know that, really, not all birds do. Why do some birds stay put here in Pittsburgh while others migrate hundreds or even thousands of miles every year?
Well, to understand that journey (or lack, thereof), let’s first define migration. At its simplest, migration is a response to a seasonal change in resource availability or a change in resource need. Depending on where an animal lives, they may need to migrate seasonally because of food availability. This concept is what are most of us are familiar with when we think of bird migration. It’s not just birds, though! Imagine the massive migration of wildebeest across the grasslands of the Serengeti and Masai Mara—the millions of hoofstock that travel in a giant loop over thousands of square miles are actually chasing green grass available from seasonal rains. Alternately, animals may migrate at different points during their lifetime because they don’t need the same resources as they did in an earlier

########
Rank: 4
Score: 36.64792
Retrieved Text: Where do falcons and eagles go in winter?
Lately I've been getting asked where our falcons go to winter. The answer is complex. Birds do not fly south simply to escape the cold. Snow and ice seal the food supply and/or habitat of many birds away until spring: hummingbirds don't have flowers, waterfowl don't have water, and most insectivores don't have insects. However, peregrine falcons and bald eagles are able to weather winter since their food supply remains locally abundant, or at least present, year-round. Both species are partial migrators: that is, some birds migrate and others don't.
Bald eagles eat a wide variety of food, including other birds, mammals, reptiles, and invertebrates. They take their food live, freshly killed, frozen and left in the nest, or as carrion, and they can gorge food quickly and fast for days if need be. Peregrine falcons eat almost solely other birds they catch in flight, but many birds winter in Minnesota and Iowa, especially in cities and along open stretches of water. While there has historically been some natural open water along the Mississippi river during the winter (Eagle Valley, for example), the number of open water spots has increased with industrialization. Power plants discharge warm water that keeps stretches of rivers and lakes ice-free, providing spots for birds like swans and geese to winter (especially when people feed them, as they do here). Cities and industrial sites provide food and shelter for non-migratory birds like rock doves, which builds populations and makes wintering in place much easier. Even in

########
Rank: 5
Score: 36.08562
Retrieved Text: Wait, That Dolphin Will Migrate?
Yes it’s true that dolphins do actually migrate when it gets colder just like birds fly south for the winter! You might be wondering why would they even do that if it’s normally warmer in Florida and beach areas than others. Well think about your experiences with the beach in months like December. Would you be comfortable swimming in the water as cold as ice? I know I wouldn’t be, so it’s no surprise that dolphins would do the same thing, although not all dolphins migrate. It varies between what kind of dolphin it is classified as. Dolphins travel all over the place, but then when they find a home they stay there and leave no stray dolphin behind because they are family.
Coastal dolphins are the types that stay closer to shore, it’s also the ones would might see on a dolphin tour! Off-shore dolphins stand by their name, they are out in the middle of the ocean and maybe swimming with others in pods. The coastal dolphins are more likely to migrate to warmer waters than off-shore dolphins and this is because the shallow waters can drop to freezing temperatures, making it an uncomfortable home for these magnificent creatures. The migration patterns normally follow from the Northern Atlantic coast to the Southern Atlantic coast! The warmer coastal regions are near Florida, California, and Texas.
While dolphins do migrate to warmer water, they usually come back home or continue to travel because the ocean is an open road for them. The dolphins we

########
Rank: 6
Score: 35.67345
Retrieved Text: There may have been a lovely late spell of sunshine for many of us, but we can’t ignore the fact that autumn is coming.
All around us there are signs of approaching cooler weather from empty fields to golden leaves. But nothing confirms the approach of darker nights and winter than the groups of birds gathering on telephone wires and other places, getting ready for their long flight south to warmer climates.
Migration is normal for the majority of birds who have evolved chasing bountiful food; insects thrive in warmer weather. Many birds migrate from our shores as winter is approaching, including swallows and martins, warblers, flycatchers, wheatears, whinchats, redstarts, nightingales, yellow wagtails, tree pipits, cuckoos, swifts, nightjars, turtle doves, hobbies, ospreys, terns and Manx shearwaters.
Birds use a variety of different techniques when they are migrating. A lot of songbirds from the UK eat more to dramatically increase their body weight and reserves before leaving – a sedge warbler, for instance, puts on an additional level of fat equal to 10 per cent of its normal body weight. This means it can continue to fly long periods without stopping for food...often three or four days. Large birds like storks and cranes usually seek hot winds and heat thermals to help carry them as then can’t rely on flapping their wings to carry them vast distances.
Swallows are probably the most famous and easily to spot migrating birds at this time of year as they will be fluttering around and gathering in groups. Many will have already left. They travel

########
Rank: 7
Score: 35.285553
Retrieved Text: 1.If you look up at the sky in the early fall in the northern part of North America, you may see groups of birds. These birds are flying south to places where they can find food and warmth for the winter. They are migrating (迁徙).
Q31. Whooping cranes migrate in winter to________.
The young birds usually learn to migrate from their parents. They follow their parents south. In one unusual case, however, the young birds are following something very different. These birds are young whooping cranes(鸣鹤), and they are following an airplane.
2.The whooping crane is the largest bird that is native to North America, These birds almost disappeared in the 1800s. By 1941，there were only about 20 cranes alive. In the 1970s, people were worried that these creatures were in danger of disappearing completely. As a result, the United States identified whooping cranes as an endangered species that they needed to protect.
Q32. Whooping cranes are native to________.
3.Some researchers tried to help. They began to breed whooping cranes in special parks to increase the number of birds. This plan was successful. There were a lot of new baby birds. As the birds became older，the researchers wanted to return them to nature. However, there was a problem： These young birds did not know how to migrate. They needed human help.
4.In 2001，some people had a creative idea. They formed an organization called Operation Migration. This group decided to use very light airplanes, instead of birds, to lead the young whooping cranes on their first trip south. They painted each airplane to

########
Rank: 8
Score: 35.197502
Retrieved Text: The Blue jay is always a show stopper when it visits the feeder. It is big, bold, brash and blue. It seems fitting to profile the Blue jay this week, when another big, bold, brash and blue entity, the New York Giants will face the New England Patriots in Super Bowl XLVI this weekend. Lets Go Giants!
The Blue jay is as easily recognizable as any other bird likely to visit your feeder. It is stunning blue with a prominent crest on the head, and much larger than any other bird except the Red-bellied woodpecker. It simply cannot be confused with any other bird.
Despite being very common, there is a great deal about their life history that is not well-known. They apparently mate for life and form complex social bonds with other family members. They are reported to also communicate both vocally and through body language and the position of the crest on the head. Although in East Brunswick, Blue jays are found year round, even information about their seasonal and migratory habits is not well-known. In some years certain individuals may migrate south, in other years, they may not migrate at all. Apparently some of the birds we see in New Jersey in the winter are not even the same ones we see at other seasons. Some research suggests that birds in the mid-Atlantic states and the northeast may migrate south in the winter and be replaced by other birds that have migrated south into the area from points even further north. In any case, Blue

########
Rank: 9
Score: 34.671295
Retrieved Text: During April, Blackcaps return to thickets and woodland, where the male's beautiful song joins the resident birds. These Blackcaps have just arrived from their winter quarters in Spain and North and coastal West Africa. We tend to think of migration behaviour as something fixed, but recent research shows that many birds have recently changed their migration routes. One of these is the Blackcap.
In the last 50 years or so, a small contingent of Blackcaps have started to winter in the UK. About 30% of gardens have a wintering Blackcap in recent years. Is it because these birds are staying here year round? Surprisingly not, they are migrants from the continent, mostly from Germany, where they breed. This migration behaviour has evolved in a few generations, with these birds taking advantage of milder winters, increased food availability in gardens and a shorter migration route. They usually migrate to Britain and Ireland as winter berry and winter temperatures drop at the beginning of the year. The direction in which blackcaps prefer to migrate is innate, strongly influenced by one or a few genes: the offspring of blackcaps migrating NW prefers to migrate NW, and the offspring of hybrids between NW and SE migrants have an intermediate migratory direction. Birds with both migration strategies coexist in South Germany and Austria. The different migration routes mean that they arrive at their breeding grounds at different times, and therefore tend to pair with birds with a matching migration strategy. The birds involved in the shorter Germany-UK migration trips have evolved shorter,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 34.552505
Retrieved Text: Two species of migratory swallows can typically be found in Queensland during the winter months, the welcome swallow and the fairy martin (also known as the bottle swallow). While these lovely little birds are beautiful with their vibrant plumage and somewhat sweet appearance, if they choose to nest close by, they can quickly become pests.
But what can you do about removing swallows from warehouses, business premises, or your home, because swallows are a protected species of bird in Australia? Welcome swallows and fairy martins cannot be baited, and their nests cannot be removed from your property. But there is a long-term solution to excluding birds from your premises for good, and now is the perfect time of year to do so!
Swallows migrate south for summer.
Swallows, including the common welcome swallow and fairy martin, both migrate south after winter, towards South Australia and Tasmania for the breeding season. When they vacate your property, you should take action to prevent them from returning the following winter by having a professional pest control company install bird exclusion devices around your building. Swallows have a habit of reusing old nests, and you don’t want to risk them coming back to set up a home again!
Bird exclusion methods to get rid of Australian swallows.
Several bird-proofing devices can be installed on your property to prevent swallows from returning to the site. The most effective bird exclusion method for swallows is using mesh or netting, secured over the places where they typically build their nests. Swallow nests are often found on the underside

########
Rank: 11
Score: 34.178993
Retrieved Text: Winter birds (or water birds) migrate to the southern regions of the world, including Myanmar, from November to February. As part of the Asian Waterbird Census Activity, water birds will be registered and the information sent to Wetlands International, said U Thet Zaw Naing, a bird expert from WCS.
A team registered the waterbirds on 6 January at Paleik Lake and Pyu Kan Lake in Mandalay Region. Also, separate teams will register waterbirds in Indawgyi Lake in Kachin State and Moyungyi Lake in Bago Region today. “The largest flock among the winter birds are ducks. The northern part of the Earth is colder in the winter season. Food is also scarce there, so they migrate to southern Myanmar and Asian countries to find food, and also because it’s warmer and the days are longer. They don’t lay eggs here. They’ll do that when they return north,” said U Thet Zaw Naing. He noted that officials collect the data annually and send it to the Netherlands-based Wetland International during the first week of May. He said hobbyists and the Department for Environmental and Wildlife Conservation are registering other migrating animals along the coastal regions.
U Thet Zaw Naing added that in the beginning, only the Forestry Department conducted the registrations, but has since received assistance from NGOs and enthusiasts.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 33.946754
Retrieved Text: Even though our deciduous trees look stark and naked now, they are certainly not dead!
Even in the summer they have already begun their next year’s leaves and flowers. These are miniaturized and hidden in the scale-covered buds. In late summer the trees keep these incipient leaves and flowers from growing. At the same time, however, the trees mature this year’s seeds and fruits.
Preparations for the following year are already going on while this year’s cycle is being completed. It is all quite amazing. Even a late-winter thaw will not fool the tree into opening leaves and flowers prematurely. Herbaceous plants as well as woody trees are ready all winter for the coming of spring. We humans all hope we are ready for the coming winter!
As winter brings colder days and nights and snow, we keep adding more layers of clothing to keep warm. Birds that stay here for the winter do much the same. Their plumage is duller, less conspicuous, denser and more closely interlocked.
Ducks have a downy undergrowth preventing water and the cold from getting in. If sea birds get oil on their feathers, this protection is gone and the birds die. Underwear for furry wildlife takes the form of very short hairs that sprout along the roots of the bigger true fur.
Insects are cold-blooded so they need to find the right temperatures for surviving a cold winter. Very cold weather makes insects adapt in their own special way.
Insects for the most part do not migrate north or south as birds do. They do, however,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 33.587673
Retrieved Text: Natural History Society of Northumbria, U.K.
Arctic Terns, Sterna paradisaea, have one of the longest migrations known, annually moving from breeding colonies within the Arctic Circle to winter in the Antarctic summer, often via a long traverse east across the Indian Ocean (Egevang et al, 2010; Fijn et al, 2013). That much was inferred decades ago from visual observations of birds on migration (Salomonsen, 1967). The development of small geolocation light sensors or geolocators is now allowing us to reveal details of their movements and behaviour away from breeding colonies in unprecedented detail.
The Farne Islands off the Northumberland coast have around 2000 breeding pairs of Arctic Terns. Ringing has shown that breeding Arctic Terns are likely to return each year to the same few square metres of ground. Because geolocators need to be recovered from tagged birds to download the data, this is an ideal site to carry out year-to-year tracking studies on Arctic Terns. To understand the migration ecology of Arctic Terns breeding on the Farne Islands, we fitted geolocators to over 50 breeding adults in 2015 and again in 2017, and were able to retrap 47 birds when the birds returned after a year (or two in some cases), an over-winter return rate of 92.5%.
Arctic Terns feed on surface fish and other marine animals. As seabirds, it is easy to assume that the ones breeding on the Farne Islands migrate via coastal or marine routes down the North Sea and through the English Channel on their way south. However, the possibility that some Arctic terns

########
Rank: 14
Score: 33.46786
Retrieved Text: Chickadees cache food all fall, and can remember thousands of cache sites. Their brains grow larger every fall to help them remember. Sparrows eat seeds, which are abundant in the fall, especially at bird feeders.
For a bird to journey hundreds or thousands of miles between its breeding and non-breeding ranges is a difficult, perilous journey. The physical stress of the trip, lack of adequate food supplies along the way, bad weather, and increased exposure to predators all add to the hazards of the journey. Not all birds survive migration. So why do birds migrate? It all comes down to survival. Idaho birds migrate to places where they are able to find an adequate food supply year round.
In areas that have cold winters, some common bird foods, such as nectar and insects, may not be available year-round. Birds that eat those foods must fly south to find food to survive. Other birds that eat seeds or bugs that live under tree bark often hang around, since they can continue to find food all winter long.
Birds are clever and resourceful, and winter birds can find abundant food sources even when the snow is deep and the temperatures are freezing.
Seeds: Many plants and flowers keep their mature seed heads well into winter, and birds can cling to or perch on the plants to reach the seeds. Seeds that fall can also be found in leaf litter or under plants where the snow is not as deep.
Nuts: Fallen nuts are a great food source for many woodland birds. Acorns, beechnuts

########
Rank: 15
Score: 33.080788
Retrieved Text: This is the process of flying from the northern hemisphere to the southern hemisphere, leaving the northern autumn and entering the southern spring; then making the return journey from autumn to spring. That sounds like a lifestyle to be envied: perpetual summer. But it’s not easily achieved. Birds must make the trip of thousands of kilometres using their energy and muscles; they have to deal with headwinds and storms.
Each year on the second weekend of May scientists, conservationists and bird lovers mark World Migratory Bird Day. In 2018, there’s a change to the calendar: the event will be marked twice, now also on the second Saturday in October. The organisers hope this will draw attention to migratory bird habits beyond the more studied and better resourced northern hemisphere.
This is an important step in recognising that there are hundreds of variations on the basic “flavour” of migration. Judging from attendance at international conferences, about three-quarters of ornithologists live and do research in the areas which were under the ice sheets of Europe and North America tens of thousands of years ago. So birds’ search for perpetual summer is what’s been most intensely studied.
Our knowledge of migration between Europe and Africa, and between North and South America, then, is good – but nowhere near complete. In an era of global climate change and development, scientists have realised that this knowledge is not static. It’s dynamic, and constantly shifting. The weak link in understanding vanilla migration is a knowledge of where each species spends the non-breeding season at the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 32.964714
Retrieved Text: I REMEMBER the first time I saw a rough-legged hawk—almost 20 years ago while on a birding trip in Ithaca. It was a typical January day in Upstate New York: overcast and bitterly cold, with a stiff wind that penetrated our parkas and whipped snow across an open meadow.
A big raptor was coursing up and back over the area, and I could easily identify the black “elbow” spots on its white underwings. As wind bent the dead weeds flat to the ground, I was filled with admiration for the bird’s indifference to rough weather. But I also wondered, why hadn’t I noticed this species hunting the same field the previous summer?
Our trip leader explained that rough-legged hawks aren’t year-round residents of the area—they show up only in winter. Each fall, when most migratory birds are leaving Upstate New York for points south, rough-legs are leaving their Arctic breeding grounds for destinations in northern-tier states in the Lower 48 and southern Canada. The meadow, which looked like frozen tundra to me that day, was to this bird a welcome winter haven.
The rough-leg’s migration pattern—leaving summer breeding grounds in the far north to fly not very far south and winter in a place that’s, well, wintry—is uncommon among North American birds. Of the more than 800 species of breeding birds that range on the continent, about 600 are migratory, and of these about 500 species migrate to the Neotropics in winter. Of the 100 or so species that remain, some have evolved unique adaptations that allow them to

########
Rank: 17
Score: 32.81214
Retrieved Text: Do herons fly south for the winter?
Herons are migratory birds, and they have no appreciation for cold weather. So if you’re located in the cooler northern climes – particularly where ponds tend to freeze during the winter months – you’ll usually notice their absence when temperatures start to drop. Like many of us would like to do during winter, herons that choose to migrate will head for Central America and northern South America to warm up and fill up on fish. If you live in warmer portions of the United States, however, you may see herons all year ‘round, provided there’s enough open water and food to keep them happy.
While they’re beautiful to watch, herons are often unpopular with pond keepers – particularly those who have stocked their pond well. Herons consider fish as their favorite snack, and a single bird will happily devour every available fish, leaving the pond empty, and the pond’s owner grumpy. Herons aren’t picky eaters, though, and they’ll also snack on feeder fish, frogs, salamanders, lizards, snakes, grasshoppers and even dragonflies.
Fortunately, herons don’t hunt in flocks. When they spot a pond that’s already been claimed by another enterprising heron, they’ll typically fly elsewhere. That’s why we strongly recommend our Great Blue Heron Decoy as a simple way to discourage hungry herons from settling in for an uninvited visit.
Without preventative measures – like a well-placed and regularly relocated decoy – a heron will settle in as long as food is available. Otherwise, only cold temperatures, which send fish to the warmer water

########
Rank: 18
Score: 32.804256
Retrieved Text: Geese and cranes spend every year a time in the lagoon of Villafáfila where they feed and breed before the arrival of winter.
A Spanish lagoon called Villafáfíla holds many secrets. Every year it is visited by migratory birds that pass through here on the way to Extremadura and Andalusia.
The birds do call loudly when they sight the lagoon, they do it in order to stay together.
About a thousand cranes stop over here for several weeks. They find everything they need, especially food in the form of plant stems, small animals and tasty bulbs.
When autumn ends they’ll again take flight to spend the winter in Extremadura and Andalusia.
But cranes aren't the only ones to visit Villafáfila. Naturalists, a few tourists and the simply curious also come here at the end of September when the sky is full of wild geese.
These migrants began to visit us here in 1975. At first there were just a few individuals, but word must have gotten around because now there are nearly 23,000.
Geese are very unusual in that they choose their mates for life. Even if their mate dies they never remarry. Instead they become solitary. They eat grains and seeds and have plenty of food.
Flying on those who continue the journey will fly south to the marshes of the River Guadalquivir.
The bustard also likes to hibernate here. It is the largest terrestrial bird in Europe. In Villafáfila, there is a stable colony of about 2, 000 bustards.
The male is considerably larger than the female –something common to many species– and weighs

########
Rank: 19
Score: 32.54868
Retrieved Text: Tarsus of great blue heron from eagle nest with tarsal band. Photo by Bryan Watts.
On 1 May, 2018 while banding on the Patuxent Naval Air Station in Maryland, we found a great blue heron tarsal bone in one of the eagle nests. The bone was clean but fresh and had an aluminum band. After sending the band number to the Bird Banding Lab, we were informed that the heron had been banded on 5 July, 2001 as a nestling in Quebec, Canada, making it in its 18th year when it was killed. Upon further correspondence with the Canadian Wildlife Service, it was determined that the bird was hatched in a colony on Steamboat Island in Wayagamack Lake by Louise Champoux. The bird was included in a study monitoring contaminant exposure of great blue herons throughout the region around the St. Lawrence River. This chance encounter helps to shed additional light on two lingering questions about great blue herons within the Chesapeake Bay including 1) what is the migratory status of great blue herons using the Chesapeake Bay and 2) what is the interaction between great blue herons and eagles?
Eagle nest on the Patuxent Naval Air Station where great blue heron tarsus was recovered. Photo by Bryan Watts.
Due to the latitudinal position of the Chesapeake Bay, the migratory status of many bird species is transitional such that populations north of the Chesapeake Bay are migratory and those south of the Bay are non-migratory. To make things even more confusing, some of the species that we have assumed

########
Rank: 20
Score: 32.544003
Retrieved Text: The Razorbill, Alca torda, is a large alcid.
Adult birds are black on their upperparts and white on the breast and belly. The thick black bill has a blunt end. The tail is pointed and longer than that of a Murre. In winter, the black face becomes white.
Their breeding habitat is islands, rocky shores and cliffs on northern Atlantic coasts in eastern North America as far south as Maine and western Europe from northern France to northwestern Russia. They usually nest in colonies and lay their eggs on bare rock or ground.
North American birds migrate offshore and south, ranging from the Grand Banks of Newfoundland to New England. Eurasian birds also winter at sea, with some moving south as far as the western Mediterranean.
These birds forage for food by swimming underwater. They mainly eat fish, also some crustaceans and marine worms.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 32.51845
Retrieved Text: A bird that forgot to migrate... why did it forget? Was it old or sick... or maybe it had a mental condition. I am not trying to be funny, but do birds get mental conditions? I think the bird forgetting to migrate just proved some kind of Darwinian theory; survival of the fittest. Since the bird failed to migrate, it will probably not survive the winter, and will probably die at the merciless nature of the elements. Birds do not just forget to migrate; the instinct to migrate is so deeply embedded into their DNA, that they can't just forget.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 32.44835
Retrieved Text: From avian visitors arriving in autumn to spend the winter in the UK, to passage migrants stopping over on their long journey north or south, bird migration is one of the UK’s most impressive natural events.
Be prepared for an early start, the first few hours of the day are often the busiest time for birds!
Come autumn, some birds arrive in the UK from the north and east in search of milder climes and plentiful food, before returning to their breeding grounds the following spring.
Winter visitors to Surrey include waterfowl such as Bewick’s and whooper swans, as well as birds like fieldfares, redwings and bramblings, which can often be seen gathering in large numbers.
Some species only stay in the UK during the warmer months of they year and head south as winter approaches. These include swallows, martins, swifts, nightingales, nightjars and cuckoos, which all migrate to Africa.
These are birds that stop off in the UK on their way north or south. Taking time out to feed, rest and socialise before continuing their journey.
Passage migrants can be harder to spot than winter migrants, which often gather in large flocks. Look out for birds such as wheatears, osprey and sandpipers stopping off on their journey.
An irruption is the arrival of bird species in the UK that do not usually visit our shores in large numbers.
A colourful winter visitor. waxwings can often be spotted in berry-laden bushes in towns and car parks. Sudden invasions of waxwings occur when the berry crops fail in Northern Europe, or the bird population outgrows

########
Rank: 23
Score: 32.342808
Retrieved Text: Black-bellied Plovers do indeed sport jet-black plumage on their bellies, but only during the breeding season in the Arctic. Thus when the birds arrive in Kenya for the winter (October-November) they are mottled gray-brown on the back and pale, almost white on the belly. In this case the name Grey Plover certainly makes more sense.
Plovers catch invertebrates on the sand and in the surf using their short, sturdy bill. They nest on the Arctic tundra and migrate south to sub-tropical and tropical ocean shore areas of the Americas, Africa, Asia and Australia. Uncommonly, they are found on Rift Valley lakes.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 32.203705
Retrieved Text: One of the most amazing and fascinating facts about birds, is their ability to travel thousands of kilometres every year to spend the winter in a warmer and nicer climate. It is most extraordinary that every year birds gather into flocks and fly away.
Most birds migrate to look for food - in the winter it is not easy to find 'summer' food - insects, fruits, seeds - in Europe, but there is plenty available in other parts of the world, where the climate is warmer. Migration makes the survival of species easier, although some birds do die during the flight.
To survive the migration, birds must be healthy, have a lot of fat and fresh feathers. After the end of breeding time, and before they start to migrate, birds go through a 'complete refurbishment'. The fat accumulates all over the bird's body, under their skin. The old and destroyed summer flight feathers fall out and new ones appear in their place.
Birds get much of the information from their surroundings while they migrate. Yet there are three basic sources of information for them - the sun, stars and the earth magnetic field. Birds observe the location of stars and sun during their flight, and they can feel the magnetic field with a special receptor placed just over their beak.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 32.161568
Retrieved Text: What do we do when birds are injured on the way south on migration? The answer is it really depends on the kind of bird and how south they need to go before they reach their winter destination. Sometimes we network with wildlife rehabilitators in other states. In the case of passerine birds like robins or bluebirds, once they are have recovered, we can transport them to a state where flocks of their species are still moving through. In many cases the Southern U.S. is their winter destination. That is not going to work for this Broad-winged Hawk however nor for the species of birds that winter in Central or South America.
The young Broad-winged Hawk in the photo above was admitted to REGI in late September. He had a fractured wing. The "kettle" of other Broad-winged Hawks with whom he was migrating, continued on their way. He healed quickly and is now flying. He needs a few weeks of stamina training in the flight building to assure he is back in perfect form however by that time others of his species will be enjoying the weather in Central and South America. He is stuck here in cold Wisconsin. How the heck do we get his there? That is the question.
We could find a private pilot to fly this youngster to Texas or Arizona, but this late in the season, he would be alone. Crossing the International Border into Mexico is not something that we are allowed to do. That limits the options for this youngster. In

########
Rank: 26
Score: 32.122353
Retrieved Text: Lovely photographs, especially the one showing its size in comparison to the other two birds.
Thank you Anne. I knew I need context or their tininess would not be evident.
Such lovely photographs of these sweet creatures.
Thank you Alison and that is a perfect description of them!
Peeps! What a fantastic name for the little bird!
Their scientific name in Western Sandpiper, but they are commonly referred to as peeps which I think fits perfectly!
I love Peeps. We saw many of them on the beaches in Vancouver. So sweet and always busy.
I am happy you get to experience these amazing little guys!
Wow! Those tiny birds, size so apparent in #5, are a revelation in the world of small birds.
Can you imagine they migrate 1000’s of miles twice each year!!
The tiniest birds make some of the longest journeys!
Very pleased you enjoyed them & cheers to you Arlene!
Cute and tough! This cuties migrate 1000’s of miles.
The true peeps, no brightly colored marshmallow confection. You’ve really captured the life of peeps in your photo gallery and the birds are so sweet up against those giant ones.
Great pictures of the winter peeps taken by Cindy Knoke.
Pretty little peeps – wonderful photography, as ever, Cindy.
Haha. So, there ARE actual peeps. I love your blog because I learn something new all the time.
Awww, thank you & yes, these are the bestest peeps!!!
It is entertaining to see these pictures of the little birds here too. Your zooming pictures of the tiny birds are just so good!
Awww, you are such an awesome blogging friend!
Small and cute and, as

########
Rank: 27
Score: 32.02513
Retrieved Text: my exterminator - My Exterminator Blog - Where Do Pests Go In The Winter?
When the cold winter months arrive, you might wonder where pests go to endure the lower temperatures. Sometimes, they make a home inside your house so that they can stay warm. Other pests tend to find places like logs or buildings to stay warm until spring arrives once again. Most pests use one of three different types of survival methods to stay alive in the winter.
Migration is often seen with birds, but there are some flying insects that will migrate away from colder temperatures as well. They will fly from one region of the country to another in a flock. Each type of pest will travel a different distance depending on how far they can physically travel and how far they need to travel to stay warm and find food. Monarchs usually fly south to Mexico. Many other pests, like termites and mosquitoes, fly south as well to Florida, Texas, and Arizona.
Another option for pests is overwintering. They will do everything possible to endure the cold weather of winter. These are the pests that take refuge in your home, in piles of leaves, under buildings and underneath the bark of trees. They will find places to go that offer protection from the lower temperatures no matter where that place is located. Honeybees are known for overwintering because they are among the first out when the weather turns warm again. Most of the activities that pests perform cease in the winter so that they

########
Rank: 28
Score: 31.975779
Retrieved Text: Scientists at the U.S. Geological Survey’s (USGS) National Wildlife Health Center are concerned that avian cholera, which recently killed about 30,000 eared grebes—small, diving water birds—at Great Salt Lake, Utah, could spread as birds migrate south for the winter, the agency announced today. Last week, USGS scientists isolated Pasteurella multocida, the bacterium that causes avian cholera, from dead grebes that were sent to the USGS National Wildlife Health Center in Madison, Wis. USGS scientists are working with Utah biologists to monitor the situation.
"We haven’t observed significant avian cholera outbreaks in North America since 1998, so we aren’t certain if this mortality represents an isolated event or a renewal of regular outbreaks," says Mike Samuel, a USGS scientist and avian cholera expert. "Because recent research shows that birds are the primary reservoir for maintaining and spreading this disease, we need to consider the possibility that grebes and other birds will spread avian cholera beyond the Great Salt Lake during their migration to wintering areas." Each fall about 1.5 million eared grebes congregate at the Great Salt Lake as they migrate south.
Avian cholera is the most common infectious disease among wild North American waterfowl. Once birds are infected with P. multocida, they die quickly, sometimes within 6 to 12 hours after infection. Bacteria spread by dead and dying birds can subsequently infect healthy birds. As a result, avian cholera can sweep quickly through a wetland and kill thousands of birds in a single outbreak.
Avian cholera outbreaks occur primarily in winter and early spring. During these times, waterfowl are

########
Rank: 29
Score: 31.787657
Retrieved Text: John Pogacnik Warm Weather is in the Forecast!
Get out this week to see migrating birds!
Warm Weather is in the Forecast!
This has been an unusual spring with almost constant below normal temperatures and an abundance of cold north winds. There have been very few strong migration days so far. What do birds do in weather like this?
Birds are driven by photoperiod during this time of year. Photoperiod is the hours of daylight in a day. As we progress from winter to spring, the amount of daylight slowly increases. As we get to certain hours of daylight, it triggers something in birds that tells them that its time to head north. If they receive that stimulus during a time of south winds, it’s an easy decision for the birds. However, when we have north winds and rain or snow, it makes migration a lot more difficult. Birds have the desire to migrate and they will only wait so long for favorable winds. Because of this, we have seen birds trickling through. When we finally get the good south winds, a lot of birds will try to make up time.
Migrating birds have a long way to go and when you depend on weather, you need to take advantage of what is available. If we are getting north winds and areas to the west are getting favorable south winds, birds will take advantage of it. Lake Erie makes its own weather—this is pretty evident in the winter with lake effect snow. This time of the year it also plays a

================



======= Instance Index 3 =========
Input Text: If a person walks in the opposite direction of a compass arrow they are walking

Which is the correct answer?
- west
- north
- east
- south

Target Text: south

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 35.27872
Retrieved Text: It is not a common occurrence to use a map and compass when hiking. Normally, you will be hiking a popular trail that has been groomed and it will be fairly hard to get lost. Other times, you will still be in service so that you can use Google Maps on your phone. However, for those people that adventure off the beaten path and really want to explore the backcountry, this article is a must read for you.
Understanding how to use a map and compass is a skill that does not seem that important until you need it. By knowing the basics of using a compass and what to look for when buying a compass, you will be able to up your hiking game to the next level.
How to use a map and compass?
Draw a line from your starting position to your final destination: When looking at your map, you will know (hopefully) your current location and where you want to go. After identifying those two spots, make a straight line connecting the two. After that, line up your base plate of your compass with the direction that you are wanting to travel.
Align the dials north: Rotate the dial, orientation arrow, and orientation lines so that they are facing north. Most maps have north facing up, but a quick double check could save you a massive headache in the long run, since some maps do not abide by the common standards.
Adjust the arrows: Remove the compass from the map, have the directional arrow point straight in

########
Rank: 1
Score: 35.27018
Retrieved Text: The level of navigation skills that you will need as a hiker will vary with the complexity of the walks that you do. If you never leave well marked trails the skill requirement you need, may, but not necessarily, be minimal. The advent of mobile phone apps, as well as the availability of high quality consumer level GPS including some watches has changed hiking forever. Gone are the days when you had no choice but to use a map and compass however having a good grounding in their use should be something we all aspire to.
This article provides a basic introduction to map and compass use that will hopefully add to your skill level as a hiker and inspire you to learn more. Our next article on intermediate map and compass use will take this a step further.
Find out as much information as you can about the hike to determine how difficult it will be and what levels of experience and equipment that you will need.
Ensure you have the appropriate navigation skills needed for the trip you are planning. If not your own skills then ensure that someone in the group has the ability to navigate the proposed route. If you or someone in the group doesn’t have the appropriate skills, then reconsider the trip.
For me this is a biggie. You may not be the most experienced hiker in the group and you may have zero ability with a compass or map but paying attention almost seems to be a forgotten skill amongst many hikers. It

########
Rank: 2
Score: 33.872417
Retrieved Text: Apple maps took a lot of flack when it was released. For good reason it was so inaccurate CEO Tim Cook had to post an apology on Apple's website. But now Apple Maps is actually worth using. Here are 5 reasons why you should use Apple Maps.
1. It Moves With You.
You can tap the compass arrow to make Apple Maps rotate as you move your phone. It's a great way to see what's nearby and in the opposite direction.
When taking public transit, Apple Maps gives specific walking directions to where you're going.
IOS 10 maps has a feature that will automatically remember your car's location. Which means no more trying to remember which row you're in.
Tapping the route information will bring up options for gas stations, food, and coffee along your route.
Tapping the info button will bring up the option to mark your location. This can be used to add custom locations to your map app. You can both press and force press the marker for even more options.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 32.41399
Retrieved Text: Compass Pro is noted as one of the powerful compass applications available on the market as it incorporates a rotating bezel and shows users the direction of the four compass points. There is also... Point the compass direction arrow(s) at the feature and turn the compass bezel until the red North floating needle is in the red orienting North lines in the bezel. Read off the bearing number against the index line on the compass base plate. This is a magnetic bearing.
Rotating Bezel: Graded in degrees, the rotating bezel is a moveable piece that surrounds the hiking compass and is used to take a bearing. Index Line: The marking located directly above the rotating bezel that�s used when reading a bearing.... The bezel (the ring around the outside edge of the compass face) on a baseplate compass is marked with degrees (0-360) and can be rotated around the compass capsule. You�ll be using the bezel to take a bearing � more on that below.
So long as the big red arrow inside the bezel lines up with the compass needle when the compass is pointed ahead, you're headed in the right direction. Taking a bearing from a map is basically the... Place your compass on the map with the direction of travel arrow pointing toward the top of the map. Rotate the bezel so that N (north) is lined up with the direction of travel arrow.
Using one as such is an old trick that�s even taught in the U.S. Army Ranger Handbook. In fact, some watches even

########
Rank: 4
Score: 31.771725
Retrieved Text: GPS Compass for Android is a smart compass free with map and gps navigation most easy, intuitive, usefull and simple to use. It allows you to convert your phone/tablet into a handy smart compass using device sensors compass. My compass app is a tool to search bearings (azimuth, directions) using embedded magnetic sensors.
GPS Compass for Android provides the direction information in both analog, and digital formats with a beautiful user interface. The magnetic sensors are used to provide the direction information. The GPS values are used to provide the speed, and the altimeter data. The current location can be viewed in this digital compass app.
GPS compass for Android app can be used in your daily outdoor activities. If you are a scout or you are just going to travel or camping, this is a smart digital compass that should be on your phone/tablet and should be used everytime you need a smart compass free.
? Following are the features of this GPS Compass for Android ?
- Ability to switch between true and magnetic true north.
- Magnetic and true north are available, the app automatically takes care of variation.
- The direction information are available.
- GPS is used to provide the speedometer, and the altimeter values.
- The current location is known through the GPS information.
- True North (Default) or Magnetic North.
- GPS Location (address, latitude, longitude).
Orientation sensor is a hardware within a phone. If orientation sensor is not found message is shown, then no compass will work on your phone. It is not our app fault, it is your

########
Rank: 5
Score: 31.289951
Retrieved Text: GPS Compass Navigator Apps Free Download For PC Windows 7/8/10/XP.GPS Compass Navigator Apps Full Version Download for PC.Télécharger GPS Compass Navigator Apps Latest Version for PC,Portable,Windows.When you travel, hiking or fishing, save your position like parked car, shelter or hotel, and navigate back following the guiding arrow.
Avertissement: If your device don’t have compass (magnetometer sensor) the arrow will rotate only if you travel! Please point the top of the device to the direction of your movement.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 31.17976
Retrieved Text: Track Made Good The actual path of the aircraft covered over ground (intended track) to be flown. It is often indicated by a double arrow on charts and maps.
Magnetic North Since the earth's axis is slightly tilted.. the north direction a compass needle points corresponds to Earth's magnetic field lines. This is Magnetic North. Currently MN is somewhere in North Canada polar region.
the Compass may not show the Magnetic Heading accurately.
Deviation is measured from the Magnetic North to the Compass North. If the Compass North is west of the Magnetic North, deviation is west, and vice versa.
If CN is 5º east of MN, deviation is 5º E or +5º.
Bearing A bearing is the direction from your location (Aircraft) to/from any distant point (Station) given in degrees clockwise. - Either heading to/from the Station. This is called 'Relative Bearing'. The position of an object relative to the longitudinal axis of the aircraft. RB is used mostly on ADF equipment to obtain the station’s relative position.
Or with respect to the magnetic north called 'Magnetic Bearing' or True North called 'True Bearing'.
or where I am going with respect to the magnetic north (magnetic bearing).
Isogonal Lines Lines on a map connecting places of equal variation.
One in 60 rule This is a rule that can be used to help determine either how far you are off course or how much of a correction needs to be made to regain your course.
Wind Triangle In air navigation, the wind triangle is a graphical representation of the relationship between aircraft motion and wind. It

########
Rank: 7
Score: 30.827929
Retrieved Text: In a discussion the other day concerning the GPS, I opened my big mouth and mentioned “the proper way to do that would be…”. An additional comment got me to thinking about how reliant we have become on modern technology and the pretty much lost or dying art of navigating using celestial bodies, including the sun, moon, and stars. Our ancestors used the sky to guide them day or night, across oceans and deserts. Sure, our ancestors got lost from time to time or maybe they did not hit the exact point they were aiming for with pinpoint, GPS accuracy, but they did manage to get where they were going. Like any other survival skill, navigating takes some practice and it is best practiced when you have other items (like a compass or GPS) to rely on in case you fail the first couple of times you attempt it.
If you happen to be navigating with a map but without a compass and you do not find yourself lost in the flat desert or on open water, you should be able to orienteer yourself out of trouble. This is probably the quickest and easiest form of navigation to master when you have a map and visible terrain features or landmarks that are also marked on your map. Where most people go wrong with orienteering is they do not take the time to determine where they are on the map. They get in a hurry, guess, and days later find out the hill they thought that they were

########
Rank: 8
Score: 30.554432
Retrieved Text: Sobha was facing East. She walked 20 metres. Turning left she moved 15 metres and then turning right moved 25 metres. Finally, she turned right and moved 15 metres more. How far is she from her starting point.
Shobha turns left after walking 20 metres towards East. Now she walks 15 metres towards North. She turns right towards East again and walks 25 metres further. Finally turning right towards South, she walks 15 metres. The distance moved towards North and towards South is same, i.e., 15 metres. So, Shobha is 20 + 25 metres = 45 metres away from her starting point.
Jatin leaves his house and walks 12 km towards North. He turns right and walks another 12 km. He turns right again, walks 12 km more and turns left to walk 5 km. How far is he from his home and in which direction ?
Deepak starts walking straight towards east. After walking 75 metres, he turns to the left and walks 25 metres straight. Again he turns to the left, walks a distance of 40 metres straight, again he turns to the left and walks a distance of 25 metres. How far is he from the starting point ?
The movements of Deepak are as shown in fig.
Clearly, FB = DC = 40 m .
= (AB – EB) = (75 – 40) m = 35m.
The movements of the person are from A to F, as shown in fig.
Clearly, the final position is F which is to the north east of the starting point A.
Ramakant walks northwards. After

########
Rank: 9
Score: 30.337032
Retrieved Text: Machine translated chapter 1054 of Bringing The Farm To Live In Another World light novel.
That several people nodded, speech undead immediately arranged him to send squad person returned to Dark Spirit Temple there to notify first, then organized these undead, making them stand simply a team, then his look at these undead said :, „your cowards listened to me, we were a undead clan, a clan that we were originally died was Sir Dark God has given us a life, our lives were Sir Dark God, now our enemy on front, if we cannot eliminate them, that Sir Dark God. Will have the danger for Sir Dark God, I hope that you listened to me clearly, must take this fortress, I will work as the supervising combat armed forces in behind personally, so long as after I had the person the team, immediately has killed him, now, advancing, for Sir Dark God!” These undead also shouted loudly said :, „for Sir Dark God.” Said that overran toward fortress. These undead almost in that fellow by Dark Spirit Temple brainwashing, therefore a saying for Dark God, their anything can not care, includes own life. Zhao Hai already had the preparation to this situation, must say in this world, with any thing control person, economizes, can let the words that the person is dead set on, that only then wanted, that is Faith, if with the Faith control person, economizes absolutely, can let say that to the best method that you are dead set on. But obviously, that

########
Rank: 10
Score: 30.310783
Retrieved Text: It’s incredibly useful to see both a map and a compass at the same time, but Apple Maps doesn’t display both by default. With a quick tweak, we can fix that, and put the two tools in the same place at the same time.
The compass function has been built into the iPhone since the release of the iPhone 3G in 2009, and Apple Maps has been around since 2012. Yet mysteriously, the compass function isn’t on by default in Maps—despite the clear utility of it. Thankfully, it’s really easy to turn it on an fix that little oversight. Grab your iPhone and open up the Settings app, then scroll down to, you guessed it, the entry for Maps.
Within the Maps menu, select “Driving & Navigation”.
Within the Driving & Navigation menu, toggle “Compass” on in the “Show in Navigation” section, as seen below.
Almost done! Open up Apple Maps. If you don’t see the compass in the upper right corner, tap the Location arrow (the blue arrow indicated by the larger red arrow in our screenshot below) to activate it. Tap it again to move onto the next step (everyone else, just tap the Location arrow twice).
Why tap it twice? Doing so switches you from simply seeing the compass on the screen to the blue location dot on the map actually indicator your direction of travel and orienting the map to you accordingly.
That’s all there is to it: you’ll now have both maps and a handy compass to reference right at your fingertips.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 30.190708
Retrieved Text: Do I need a Gps (*1) as part of hiking essential gear?
This is a common question I get from new hikers, and my answer is always emphatically no.
What have I against GPS?
Actually I have nothing against Gps in the outdoors.
In the hands of an experienced hiker who understands that a Gps is only another information source, along with the normal navigation tools, it is a very useful tool.
A Gps doesn’t actually know where it is on the landscape, only where it in relation to the orbiting satellites.
In the hands of someone who believes the Gps word is law… and has not learn any other means of navigating, the clock is ticking to disaster.
The Term Global Positioning System was originally the name of the US developed satellite based precise positioning system, but has now become the generic term for all systems.
Orbiting the earth many satellites (including the US (GPS) and Russian, (GLONASS) each satellite constantly transmits a signal containing its reference information and a time. The computer in your Gps uses this information to figure out how far it is from the satellite.
For your Gps to figure out its 3 Dimensional place on the earth’s surface (North – South and altitude) it requires a good signal from a minimum of four different satellites.
For it to define an accuracy that is useful hiking, it requires closer to 8 -10 at least.
How many Satellites are “visible” to your receiver in that chunk of sky.
Narrow, requiring us to walk single file with barely enough room for our packs.
Below the main

########
Rank: 12
Score: 30.18494
Retrieved Text: An entrance system, such as a speed gate or turnstile, must be able to stop unauthorised entry. Here is a list of the most common types of entrance fraud which public and commercial buildings need to detect.
The main purpose of an entrance system is to allow passage to one person at a time on receipt of a valid signal. A valid signal authenticates that the person is authorised to pass and is typically generated by an ID card or the barcode on a ticket.
Using a carefully placed array of sensors, entrance systems, like speed gates, are able to detect many different types of entrance fraud. The system can then either reject passage or alert security staff that someone is attempting unauthorised entry.
Here are the 7 most common types of entrance fraud public buildings and offices have to deal with.
Tailgating and piggybacking are attempts to enter an area without authorisation by following closely behind someone with authorisation.
Sensors detect if there is more than one person in walking into the entrance system.
Attempting to pass through an entrance system from the opposite direction.
Most speed gates can be configured to allow passage in either direction but always clearly indicate where passage is allowed (green arrow) and where it is denied (red cross).
Sensors detect if there is someone entering the exit zone from the wrong direction.
The area closest to where the flaps or panels of an entrance system opens is called the safety zone.
If someone stops in this area too long - forcing the panels to stay open and allowing passage

########
Rank: 13
Score: 30.060438
Retrieved Text: I thought it might be fun to make a dungeon built inside a tesseract, but mapping the thing is a bit of a challenge. I eventually made this model that helps me to visualize travelling within the tesseract, so I thought I'd go ahead and share it. I'm sure that I don't yet fully understand tesseracts but I'll go ahead and attempt to explain them anyhow. Wish me luck.
A tesseract is the analog of a cube brought into four-dimensional Euclidean space; a tesseract is to a cube as a cube is to a square.
It might help to think of a tesseract as 8 different 3-D cubes that are attached in an extra-dimensional way. Each cube shares a side with 6 of the other cubes (4 walls, floor, and ceiling). However each cube also has an opposite cube on the other end of the tesseract that it can't touch directly, but both of these will touch all six of the others.
If someone were to be teleported into a tesseract the space within might seem to be perfectly ordinary at first. There don't need to be any obvious distortions or bending of space, the person likely wouldn't notice anything amiss until they started travelling through multiple cubes. Passing from one cube to another might be obvious, but it could also be something as innocuous as a doorway. If the person inside picks any direction and walks in a straight line then they would end up passing through three new cubes, but the fourth cube they enter would be

########
Rank: 14
Score: 29.805637
Retrieved Text: I had an interview with Ian Corless, from Talk Ultra, just after the Berghaus Trail Chase. In conjunction with Ian & MountainRun, this Basic Navigation article was produced.
Navigation with a map & compass is a simple skill to learn. Its as simple as A,B,C.
In this new series of Navigation articles, we are teaming up with Ian Corless from Talk Ultra to produce a simple series of tutorials in conjunction with podcasted interviews to help guide you to navigate safely.
If you're heading into the mountains to explore the paths & trails, or you're visiting a new area, then a detailed map of where you are planning to go is essential. We recommend using either the OS 1:25'000 series of maps, or getting to grips with the Harvey 1:25'000 Super Walker Maps. Both offer great detail, one you'll love, the other you'll hate. Its a marmite thing. Once you have a handle on the 1:25'000 scale, we suggest you get to grips with the Harvey/BMC 1:40'000 maps, which are vastly used for Ultra & Mountain Marathon event formats. The most important thing here is to understand the map. Understand how the contours work & understand what the features represent on the map & then ultimately to be able to use your map, with a compass to navigate, come rain or shine.
A compass is a device that has a floating magnetised metal needle incased in a plastic shell, surrounded by liquid. The needle responds to the Earth's magnetic field. Pretty amazing, but purely simple. There are plenty of options

########
Rank: 15
Score: 29.53613
Retrieved Text: (1) It is faster and easier to use.
(4) It can be used without putting down the rifle; however, the rifle must he slung well back over either shoulder.
NOTE: The compass�to�cheek technique is used almost exclusively for sighting, and it is the best technique for this purpose.
c. Presetting a Compass and Following an Azimuth. Although different models of the lensatic compass vary somewhat in the details of their use, the principles are the same.
(a) Hold the compass level in the palm of the hand.
(c) Turn the bezel ring until the luminous line is aligned with the north�seeking arrow. Once the alignment is obtained, the compass is preset.
(d) To follow an azimuth, assume the centerhold technique and turn your body until the north�seeking arrow is aligned with the luminous line. Then proceed forward in the direction of the front cover's sighting wire, which is aligned with the fixed black index line that contains the desired azimuth.
(2) During limited visibility, an azimuth may be set on the compass by the click method. Remember that the bezel ring contains 3� intervals (clicks).
(a) Rotate the bezel ring until the luminous line is over the fixed black index line.
(b) Find the desired azimuth and divide it by three. The result is the number of clicks that you have to rotate the bezel ring.
(c) Count the desired number of clicks. If the desired azimuth is smaller than 180�, the number of clicks on the bezel ring should be counted in a counterclockwise direction. For example, the desired azimuth is 51�. Desired azimuth is

########
Rank: 16
Score: 29.21799
Retrieved Text: We’ve been going back over some of the basics in recent weeks as the winter months means an entirely new batch of Selection classes and candidates. And many of the new candidates have questions, just like the last group of prospective Special Operations troops did and we’ll do our best to answer every one of them.
There are always concerns, fears and questions about the Land Navigation course and many students fail and frankly, they fail because they are psyched out at the very beginning either during SFAS or the SFQC. Look, as we’ve said many times, the land navigation course is no joke. It is tough, it is the toughest individual land navigation course you’ll find in the US military.
But once again, and we can’t stress this enough. Thousands of guys before you have passed the course and although it is tough, it is far from impossible. It just takes keeping your wits about you, learning basic skills and practice. If you are a new person in the military or are a junior NCO but hold an MOS where you didn’t spend a lot of time in the field with a map and compass, then these quick refresher pieces are perfect for you.
Land Navigation is one of those skills that while it isn’t hard to learn the basics, mastering them takes practice. And the more you know about it going in, the odds of your being selected go up markedly.
In previous segments, we touched on Map reading and the importance of your pace count. Now we’ll

########
Rank: 17
Score: 29.03174
Retrieved Text: As Spring is just around the corner and, hopefully, New Year’s Resolutions of getting fit in 2012 are still being upheld I thought I would write a quick guide to ensure safe and happy walking with a few tips and general advice. As I live just outside Epping Forest a lot of my walks and through the ancient woodlands and surrounding countryside of Epping and Essex. I love Cornwall so really enjoy coastal walking as well as spending all my holidays on walking trips with the family, although I normally end up going for very long walks on my own!
1. The first, and far most important, is to ensure that you follow the Countryside Code. Be safe, plan ahead and keep to the signs, signposts, waymarkers, public footpaths, bridleways and permissive pathways. Once I decided to cut through some private farmland to seek out some Fallow Deer I had been trying to track in Epping Forest and was presented to two burley farmers with shotguns. I don’t do that anymore that’s for sure!
2. Always leave gates and property as you find them. If a gate is closed when you find it then leave it closed when you pass through it. Protect plants and animals, especially when walking across farmland or grazing pastures, and always take your litter home with you.
3. Keeps dogs under control and clean up after them. All too often I spend most of my time walking trying to avoid dogs mess on pathways used by dog walkers. I love dogs, but my wife

########
Rank: 18
Score: 28.99422
Retrieved Text: If you took my advise from an earlier post and went out for a walk in our great country, but now your cell phone or GPS battery has died. Now you have now clue what time it is, location or how far you have gone. Hopefully you have a map and compass but if not there things you can do to rectify this situation.
First thing you need to do is stop to take a drink of your Berkey purified water and get your bearings straight. I do suggest taking water and a snack with you anytime you meander the great out doors. When we search for lost trekkers, the first thing we would do if conscious is get them to eat a candy bar and drink water. This helps to ward of mental shock. If you have a map try to orientate it to your surroundings if possible, to safely get to an elevated position. By doing this, you will be able to see other prominent positions and terrain features.
If you can see two or three prominent positions, try using a straight edge (any thing with a straight edge) to try to line up the two or three positions. The point where the three lines intersect is your position.
If your map has a key section showing distances you can make those on a piece of paper and make a ruler to figure how far you are from the prominent positions.
Now before you go walking off try to mark your current position on a tree with a

########
Rank: 19
Score: 28.952625
Retrieved Text: I am a collector of home-spun wisdom – not the wisdom of deep philosophical thinkers, but the down to earth wisdom generated by plain ordinary folk. If I want to find the good stuff, I follow my wife into gift shops in small mountain towns.
The latest addition to my collection was discovered in a gift shop several weeks ago in Brevard, NC. On a placard was an artist’s drawing of four hikers walking along a mountain ridge. The inscription said, “Don’t forget your compass. Eating your friends can be difficult.” The wisdom seems pretty obvious: to make sure you don’t lose your way in life and end up having to take drastic action to save yourself, always make sure you bring along your compass.
When you think about it, it’s actually impossible to forget our compass as we journey through life. Our life compass is an internal “device” which accompanies us wherever we go. Ultimately, then, the question is not have I remembered to bring it with me. The important question is, does the compass I have with me point to true north so it gives me accurate readings and keeps me on the right path in life?
Whether or not a person believes in God, faith is the most important component of a person’s life compass. Whether a person believes in a world created and managed by God with a specific purpose in mind, or believes in a world of random events ruled by natural laws to no particular purpose, faith is based on one’s understanding of

########
Rank: 20
Score: 28.908474
Retrieved Text: Citizen Analog: One of the most key, most basic tenets of survival is: Don't get out of yourself into the situation in the reverse when there is not one in the first place.
One of the most key, most basic tenets of survival is: Don't get out of yourself into the situation in the reverse when there is not one in the first place.
How beautiful an act, it inspires me to want to be around you and to surround myself with other people who have such rare ability.
If magnetic north is east of true north, the local declination is positive.
If magnetic north is west of true north, the local declination is negative.
B) Draw a line on the map that connects your starting point with the destination (your "map bearing"). Extend the line all the way through the map border (the "neat line").
C) Distance yourself from any nearby metal such as keys, belt buckle, desk, car, fence, etc. Place the compass on the map so the needle’s pivot point is directly over the intersection of your map bearing and neat line.
D) Rotate the dial until compass ring north agrees with map north. Read your map bearing from the compass dial. Make sure the bearing agrees with your direction of travel – for example, if you intend to travel due east, the bearing is 90 degrees, not 270 degrees.
E) Do this step mentally – don’t turn the compass dial: If the local declination is positive, then subtract the declination amount from the bearing you just derived. If the local

########
Rank: 21
Score: 28.794714
Retrieved Text: The Sprayway Compass Pants are walking pants for people from all walks of life. Whether it's in the valley or in the mountain or anywhere in between, these pants offer all the important technical advantages.
The Compass pants are wind-resistant, fast drying and breathable. They come with an UPF 50 Ultraviolet Protection Factor so they not only protect you from the wind but the sun as well.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 28.781406
Retrieved Text: Symbols on web maps can be rotated based on a numeric value, which is useful for showing, for example, directional items such as where a camera is pointing, a car is moving, or the wind is blowing. The data must have a field containing values that will be used for rotation—typically a compass direction with clockwise values of 0 for north, 90 for east, 180 for south, and so on.
But compass azimuths aren’t required for rotating symbols, and you can use any value that makes sense for your needs. You can set the rotation angles to be measured clockwise or counterclockwise, depending on how values are stored.
To learn how to create rotating symbols, download the sample CSV file and follow along. The CSV file contains web camera locations (dummy locations, not actual ones) as well as the direction in which the cameras are pointing, expressed as clockwise compass azimuths.
Open the file using Microsoft Excel, Notepad, or some other text editor to view the contents. Note that the file contains the latitude-longitude location, as well as the direction, which will be used to rotate the symbol.
Step 2—Add the CSV file data to your map.
In ArcGIS Online, either drag the CSV file data to your map or choose Add, then choose Add Layer from File).
Step 3—Change the style of the location.
When you add the CSV file in step 2 above, Change Style automatically opens. Choose Show location only, and under Location (Single Symbol) click OPTIONS.
Step 4—Click Symbols to change symbols.
Choose an arrow symbol from the Arrows category. Since

########
Rank: 23
Score: 28.665054
Retrieved Text: She drives a Mercedes, he rides a Harley; she’s an athlete, he’s a bookworm; he’s a Republican, she’s a Democrat… Have you ever wondered why some of us have personal friends whom we appreciate, like, or even love, but who are the same people who are likely to annoy us the most? If an attorney and a community-based social worker marry or an obsessively clean and a disorganized friend become roommates, shouldn’t it then result in an incompatible and unstable relationship? Not necessarily.
To explain the mystery of opposite attraction I created the Human Magnet Syndrome explanation. It explains the unconscious force that brings opposite, but compatible, companions together into an enduring and breakup resistant relationship. Just like metal magnets, we are pulled toward a particular romantic partner whose “polarity” or personality type is opposite to ours. Conversely, we find ourselves repelled by prospective romantic partners whose personality type is too similar to our own.
We tend to choose people who appear to give us the very qualities we think we are lacking. Despite our efforts to find a romantic partner who unconditionally loves, respects and cares for us and who participates in a mutual and reciprocal relationship, we are inclined to follow a metaphorical “love compass” that powerfully directs our relationship choices. Whether we realize it or not, we all use this compass when we are seeking an ideal romantic partner. We are obliged to follow the direction in which we are led, regardless of our conscious intentions to take a different route. Even with our promises

########
Rank: 24
Score: 28.589901
Retrieved Text: Like all other tattoo designs, the arrow tattoo too has its own symbolic meaning, which needs to be understood before one opts for this tattoo. In the Native American culture, the arrow is considered as the weapon of protection and hunting, which has been used to safeguard one’s family as well as sustain them by making provision of food for them.
In this culture, two crossed arrows also depict friendship, which is the reason why this symbol is a popular tattoo design for a friend.
Though different kinds of arrow tattoo designs stand for different things. The basic meaning of an arrow tattoo is positivity.
The bow, which stands for struggle in life, pulls one back but the arrow gets itself released from the bow to propel forward and seek better things in life.
In other words, an arrow stands for achievements of one’s goals in life by overcoming all hardships. In the zodiac, a bow and an arrow stand for the astrological sign of Sagittarius.
It is also considered as the symbol of masculinity, strength, power, and sense of direction. It is about moving in only one direction, which is forward, without looking back in life.
An arrow tattoo is mostly in black simple lines. Though colors may use in some cases depending upon the choice of the bearer. Basically, it is the size of the tattoo which determines its placement. A small sized arrow tattoo can be inked on the wrist, ankle or finger, while a medium to bigger one can be done on the side, back, shoulder, chest, arm,

########
Rank: 25
Score: 28.500816
Retrieved Text: Compass is a young adult (20’s & 30’s) community at Church of Atonement. We come from many different backgrounds and walks of life, but we share our love of our Savior and a commitment to serve Him. All of us are in varied places on our spiritual walks, but we want Compass to be a place where all of our members find direction and purpose.
We want to grow in intentional, personal relationships with Christ, each other, and the community.
Bible Study: We meet together weekly (Tuesday nights from 7:30 pm - 9:00 pm) to study the Word and discuss its application to our lives. We also use this time as an opportunity to share our lives and pray for each other. We are currently studying Matthew, and our style is "conversational." This is a very casual gathering, so feel free to drop in even for just a few minutes to say hello.
Service: As a group we participate in service projects in the community. There are many opportunities for Compass to serve in the church and local community.
We are a group who wants to serve and glorify the Lord. We don’t have all the answers, but we are committed to the One who does. We want to see people growing in maturity of faith and glorifying God in all they do. Maybe this sounds like something you’d like to learn more about. Perhaps you know someone who might be interested in joining us.
If you’d like to be added to the Compass email list to be kept up-to-date on

########
Rank: 26
Score: 28.450434
Retrieved Text: Have you ever felt lost or directionless? This feeling can come from many places. Maybe the current abuse scandal in the Church has you reeling. Many college students feel lost when trying to pick a major. Some people just cannot see where they fit in the world, cannot find a purpose or direction. When you are young and single and all your friends are getting married but you have not had a date in a year, you can feel lost. Young parents trying to navigate diapers, bath times, temper tantrums, and thrown food dishes can wonder when life got off track. Even empty nesters can often feel directionless as the daily routine shifts from raising children to reconnecting with the love of their life. In addition to this, journeying through transitions of loss and grief, or the end of a relationship or job can often leave a person feeling aimless.
Something I heard in a homily recently really shed some light on this idea of being lost and directionless. The priest said God does not give us a map with turn-by-turn directions for our life. Rather, he gives us a compass and the needle of the compass points to the sacraments. He went on to say that when we stay close to the sacraments we stay close to Jesus and God, who is a loving Father.
I really like the image of God giving us a compass instead of a GPS enabled turn-by-turn navigation system. Sure, it would be easier to live day-to-day with every step outlined, but

########
Rank: 27
Score: 28.350492
Retrieved Text: Step 1: Scan the landscape to identify a landmark which has distinct features that you can recognise on the map.
Step 2: Hold the compass in front of you ensuring that it is level and away from metallic objects, and turn your body so that the direction of travel arrow points directly at the landmark.
Step 3: Rotate the circular bezel of the compass housing so that the red orienting arrow lines up with the red north end of the magnetic needle.
Step 4: Read the magnetic bearing, which is the number that is now lined up with the index line (an extension of the direction of travel arrow) at the outer edge of the compass housing.
Step 5: Add the grid/magnetic angle to convert the magnetic bearing to a grid bearing, and then rotate the circular bezel so that this new value now lines up with the index line.
Note: The grid/magnetic angle will be stated on any good topographic map. It is positive where magnetic north is east of grid north, and negative where magnetic north is west of grid north. Keep in mind that adding a negative grid/magnetic angle will actually decrease your bearing.
Step 6: Place the compass on the map, positioning a forward corner of the baseplate at the location of the chosen landmark. Ensure you align the orienting lines of the compass with the vertical north-south grid lines of the map, and that the red orienting arrow is pointing towards north on the map.
Step 7: Now draw a line from the chosen landmark back along the

########
Rank: 28
Score: 28.20717
Retrieved Text: LENSATIC COMPASS, Liquid Filled. Good for finding the satellite Azimuth's direction, for camping and engineering.
Mini Compass, liquid filled, point Red arrow to North first.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 28.205574
Retrieved Text: One of the tools that explorers of yesteryear relied on in their travels was the compass. Learning how to read a compass is still a valuable skill used today in navigation and in recreation to help people determine in which direction they are headed. While the compass alone has only limited use in long range navigation, it can be quite useful and entertaining without other tools in a smaller area such as a park or campground.
In order to learn how to read a compass, first we must look at some of the basics of the compass. How does a compass work? It is a simple device that uses a magnetic needle or card balanced on a pivot point in such a way that it should sit perfectly level and with as little friction as possible with the base. The card or needle will indicate which way magnetic north is.
It is important to note that the compass is pointing in the same direction that the earth’s magnetic fields line up, not toward the north end of the earth’s axis. This will only be important if you are using a compass with a map or to set up other equipment that requires knowing True North. The only other technical note we will caution you about with compass reading is that the balance of the card or needle is different for different regions of the planet. This is only a concern if you plan to travel from one continent to another.
There are several different types of compasses, each designed

================



======= Instance Index 4 =========
Input Text: An example of lots kinetic energy would be

Which is the correct answer?
- Drinking a cold glass of water
- A snail moving across the sidewalk
- sitting without moving anywhere
- An aircraft taking a trip

Target Text: An aircraft taking a trip

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 29.792103
Retrieved Text: Kinetic energy is the energy of mass in motion. The kinetic energy of an object is the energy it has because of its motion.
In Newtonian (classical) mechanics, which describes macroscopic objects moving at a small fraction of the speed of light, the kinetic energy (E) of a massive body in motion can be calculated as half its mass (m) times the square of its velocity (v): E = ½mv2. Note that energy is a scalar quantity, i.e., it does not depend on direction, and it is always positive. When we double the mass, we double the energy; however, when we double the velocity, energy increases by a factor of four.
Perhaps the most important property of kinetic energy is its ability to do work. Work is defined as force acting on an object in the direction of motion. Work and energy are so closely related as to be interchangeable. While energy of motion is usually expressed as E = ½mv2, work (W) is more often thought of as force (F) times distance (d): W = Fd. If we want to change the kinetic energy of a massive object, we must do work on it.
Kinetic energy can be stored. For example, it takes work to lift a weight and place it on a shelf or to compress a spring. What happens to the energy then? We know that energy is conserved, i.e., it cannot be created or destroyed; it can only be converted from one form to another. In these two cases, the kinetic energy is converted to

########
Rank: 1
Score: 29.41043
Retrieved Text: Potential- stored energy: not moving. Potential energy is in many objects see or pass by. Examples of potential energy used in your daily lives is; a unopened carbonated drink, a car parked at the top of the hill, a book on a table, a raised weight, and many more! Some characteristics of potential energy are stored, having the potential to do something, and many different types of potential energy.
Gravitational- energy due to the downward pull of earth’s gravity. This type of energy is proven by the height or position. Like for example a ball on top of a 2 story house had more gravitational energy than a cat exploring a basement. Some characteristics would be gravitational pull, gravity, and height/ position. We use this in many sports we play like basketball and baseball. When you shoot or hit the ball it’s pulled down by gravitational energy.
Elastic- energy stored when an object is squeezed or stretched. We use elastic energy in many things in our daily lives. Girls use it putting up their hair with a hairbow. Guys use it putting on sweatpants, with the elastic on the top is is stretched when the person goes to step into it. Characteristics would be like many things that have elastic contain it.
Chemical- the potential energy stored in chemical compounds. We use chemical by baking and using chemicals when we are making something. For instance when your parents are in the kitchen cooking they use many types of substances to form a chemical substance. Therefore you use chemical energy

########
Rank: 2
Score: 28.828321
Retrieved Text: There are many forms that energy can take. Some of these forms are thermal, mechanical, kinetic, potential, electric, magnetic, chemical, and nuclear. When you sum all of the forms of energy acting within a system you will obtain the systems total energy.
Now in thermodynamics you don’t need to know what the total energy is within a system. The reason why is because thermodynamic only considers the change in total energy. This means you can set the total energy to zero at some convenient reference point when analyzing the change in energy in a thermodynamics problem.
There are two types of energy that make up the energy of a system. They are macroscopic energy and microscopic energy. Macroscopic energy is energy that passes through boundary layer of the system and reacts to the environment or another system. Microscopic energy however is the energy at a molecular level within in the system. Microscopic energy can be considered as the systems internal energy.
As mentioned in earlier sections internal energy represents the microscopic energy within a system. Internal energy is represented by the letter U. The internal energy is basically the sum of different types of microscopic energies, such as the, sensible energy, latent energy, chemical energy, and nuclear energy.
Sensible energy is the kinetic energy of the particles within the system. This includes both rotational kinetic energy, and transverse kinetic energy. Latent energy on the other hand is the associated energy that determines that phase of the system. In other words a certain amount of internal energy is required for the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 27.1554
Retrieved Text: ﻿The sound from the water washing up on the beach will not be able to go back "Into" the water. The position of the water is what causes the energy change. With every new position of the water it causes a new sound, and makes a chemical change every time it came onto the water. The sound would not be able to go into the air then go "back" into the water to happen again.
At the beginning of the baseball game, my face was cool and not burned. During the game the light from the sun created a kinetic light energy﻿. This mixes with the chemicals on the skin and cause the skin to burn. The heat that exits the sun wont exit the sun again which causes the entropy.
The sound of the bat hitting the ball is an example of a kinetic energy reaction. The position of the bat is what causes the potential energy. Finally the entropy takes place when the bat hits the ball. The bat won't get the sound or motion back, it can't be out back into the bat.
The heat of the wheels riding on the blacktop causes the kinetic energy reaction. The motion of the wheels is the example of the Potential energy. Then The heat of the wheel creates an entropy. When the heat is against the blacktop you can't put the heat back into the wheels﻿.
﻿The boombox is a an electric and motion kinetic energy. The electric because of course the boombox is powered with electricity but also

########
Rank: 4
Score: 26.773148
Retrieved Text: Kinetic energy is the energy that an object has due to its motion or movement. For instance if a car drives into a wall the energy of its movement is what destroys the wall, That energy is kinetic energy.... By Consumer Dummies . In physics, you can relate an object’s mass, velocity, and kinetic energy. For example, if two birds of different masses are flying at the same speed, you can calculate how much more kinetic energy the heavier one uses than the lighter one.
Kinetic energy ( K E ) Kinetic energy is the energy possessed by the object due to its motion, When work is done to move an object , this work is acquired by the object as kinetic energy , The unit of measuring the kinetic energy is Joule ( J ) and its dimensions are ML²T −2.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 26.425335
Retrieved Text: Energy gives us one more tool to use to approach physical situations. When we were analyzing situations in terms of forces and accelerations, we would usually freeze the action at a particular instant in time, draw a free-body diagram, set up force equations, figure out accelerations, etc. With energy the approach is usually a little different; often you can look at the starting conditions (initial speed and height, for instance) and the final conditions (final speed and height, perhaps), and not have to worry about what happens in between. The initial and final information often tells you all you need to know.
Whenever a force is applied to an object, causing the object to move, work is being done by the force. If a force, F, is applied but the object doesn't move, no work is done; if a force is applied and the object moves a distance s in a direction other than the direction of the force, less work is done than if the object moves a distance s in the direction of the applied force.
Work can be either positive or negative: if the force has a component in the same direction as the displacement of the object experiencing the force, the force is doing positive work, but if the force has a component in the direction opposite to the displacement, the force does negative work. If you pick a book off the floor and put it on a table, for example, you're doing positive work on the book, because you supplied an upward force

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.417282
Retrieved Text: It is believed that the Universe that surrounds us exists in two forms that is, Substance and Force. Substance can be described by two basic aspects that is, mass and energy. Mass is defined as the measurement of inertia and gravitation, while energy is defined as the scalar measure of the substance movement. The term energy is well known by the majority of the people, but the concrete definition of the term is not yet analyzed. The definition given above is true but little ambiguous as substance can be described by more forms of movement.
However, energy is defined as the measure of a physical system. It describes the quality of changes and processes which take place in the Universe. Energy is an aspect that helps us to measure the unity and connection between the movement forms of substance and their lively capacity of mutual transformation.
Energy is perhaps the most vital concept that a man has discovered. With having the correct and accurate comprehension of the term energy, one cannot analyze different energetic systems and energetic processes.
There is a concept that an object can store energy in its position. We can illustrate this point with the help of the heavy ball of a demolition machine. When the ball is held at an elevated position, it store energy. Let us as have another example of a drawn bow. Drawn bow can also store energy in its position. For instance, if we examine a bow in its usual position, we can see that there is no energy stored in

########
Rank: 7
Score: 26.406912
Retrieved Text: Want some kinetic energy with those fries?
A Burger King in Hillside, N.J., will install a speed bump designed to harness the kinetic energy produced by the hundreds of cars that pass though the drive-thru each day.
It's been criticized for contributing to the obesity epidemic and condemned by PETA, but now a Burger King franchise in the New York metro area has announced that it wants in on the green movement. The high-traffic restaurant in Hillside, N.J., will install a speed bump designed to harness the kinetic energy produced by the hundreds of cars that pass through the drive-thru daily.
As they wait for their Double Whopper, customers will roll through a section of the drive-thru lane lined with metal plates that move down and up as cars head to the next window. The MotionPower technology developed by Burtonsville, Md.-based New Energy Technologies, could harness and capture the energy twice daily, the company reports.
"More than 150,000 cars drive through our Hillside store alone each year, and I think it would be great to capture the wasted kinetic energy of these hundreds of thousands of cars to generate clean electricity," said Andrew Paterno, co-owner of 12 N.Y. metro-area Burger Kings. In its report, New Energy Technologies said it is partnering with BK for "durability testing," so it may be awhile before energy is actually captured and put to use. Once active, it's possible that the energy would be routed directly to the power grid.
So how is Burger King benefiting from this? It's unlikely one "green" speed bump will attract

########
Rank: 8
Score: 26.287228
Retrieved Text: In this series of games, your students will learn about the different types of stored or potential energy. The Kinetic Energy learning objective — based on NGSS and state standards — delivers improved student engagement and academic performance in your classroom, as demonstrated by research.
Energy is the ability to do work, which can cause a change in motion. The energy of motion is called kinetic energy, and anything that is moving — whether an electron or a galaxy — has kinetic energy.
An object’s kinetic energy (*KE*) depends on its mass (*m*) and velocity (*v*). The equation for kinetic energy is *KE = ½mv**2*, so the greater the mass and the greater the velocity, the greater the kinetic energy. The unit for energy is joules.
An object with more kinetic energy has a greater capacity to do work, causing a change in motion or doing damage. That’s why objects that are larger (greater mass) and moving vaster (greater velocity) have more capacity to do damage.
Kinetic energy exists in many different forms. For example, mechanical energy is the energy of an object moving between two places. Sound comes from vibrations transmitted by waves. Thermal energy is the vibrational energy of particles. Electrical energy is the motion of charged particles.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 26.030022
Retrieved Text: If the total kinetic energy of the system of two colliding bodies is unchanged by the collision, then the kinetic energy of the system is conserved (it is the same before and after the collision). Such a collision is called an elastic collision. In everyday collisions of common bodies, such as two cars or a ball and a bat, some energy is always transferred from kinetic energy to other forms of energy, such as thermal energy or energy of sound. Thus, the kinetic energy of the system is not conserved. Such a collision is called an inelastic collision.
A dropped golf ball will lose more of its kinetic energy and will rebound to only 60% of its original height. This collision is noticeably inelastic and cannot be approximated as elastic. If you drop a ball of wet putty onto the floor, it sticks to the floor and does not rebound at all. Because the putty sticks, this collision is called a completely inelastic collision. Shows a more dramatic example of a completely inelastic collision. In such collisions, the bodies always stick together and lose kinetic energy.
This is actually another statement of the law of conservation of linear momentum that we first discussed in Section 9-6. In the next two sections we apply this law to some specific collisions, first inelastic and then elastic.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 26.018713
Retrieved Text: Energy comes in many forms. What are they, how do they differ and what can they be used for?
Energy is converted or transferred, but never lost.
Energy is measured in joules (j).
Kinetic, heat, sound, light, electrical, chemical, mechanical and potential are all types of energy.
Whenever anything happens there is an energy change.
Without energy, nothing would ever change... nothing would happen at all.
"5, 4, 3, 2, 1, fire..."
Energy gives objects the capacity to move or change condition – for example, change temperature, change shape, or change state.
And whenever anything happens, there is an energy change.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 25.960335
Retrieved Text: An object that gradually accelerates or decelerates exerts a force that you can sometimes gauge through sense of touch. You can tell how fast a car is accelerating by the pressure of the seat on your back, or how quickly you accelerate someone's motion when you push him on a swing. But impact forces (which we usually avoid, if possible) seem to slow an object all at once. Actually, every object will deform at least slightly and distribute the impact over a small time and distance. Therefore, you can calculate impact similarly to other forces, using kinetic equations.
Obtain the mass and the initial dimensions of the object. You can determine mass by weighing smaller objects or consulting manufacturer data for larger objects. Measure the dimensions of the object along any direction in which it might make the impact of collision.
Determine the speed of the object immediately prior to impact. You can determine the speed of an object in free fall by using an energy balance equation where you equate its potential energy at the initial position to its kinetic energy immediately before impact. The equation is m * g * h = m * v * v, where m = mass, g = acceleration due to gravity, h = initial height and v = velocity immediately prior to impact. If you cannot accurately determine its speed with a formula, you can measure it using a high-speed camera.
Determine the magnitude of the object's deformation along the line of impact. For example, if a vehicle crashed into a

########
Rank: 12
Score: 25.931637
Retrieved Text: PROPERTIES OF MATTER AND ENERGY What is matter? Matter is anything that takes up space and has mass. Properties of Matter Mass Definition: the amount of matter in an object Tool for measuring: pan balance Volume Definition: the amount of space an object takes up Tool for measuring: graduated cylinder Weight Definition: the measure of the pull of gravity on an object Tool for measuring: spring scale Density Definition: how much matter is found in a certain space or how much matter is packed together; density depends on mass and volume Lesson Checkpoint: What is the difference between mass and weight? Special Properties of Matter Some matter has the capability of conducting energy, such as wires which conduct electrical energy. Some matter insulates against energy, such as a wood handle on a pot that insulates against heat energy so that you can hold a hot pot using the wooden handle and not get burned. Other properties of matter include magnetism which is the property of being magnetic (attracting iron or steel) and buoyancy, which is the ability of an object to float. © Copyright NewPath Learning. All Rights Reserved. Permission is granted for the purchaser to print copies for non-commercial educational purposes only. Visit us at www.NewPathLearning.com.
Energy Energy is the ability to do work. Kinetic energy is energy that is happening now; it is energy in motion. The faster an object is moving, the more kinetic energy it has. The more mass an object has, the more kinetic energy it will have. Kinetic energy can change

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.875153
Retrieved Text: Energy is the ability to make an object move or cause a change in matter. You can't always see or touch energy, but it is everywhere. To find energy, look for motion, heat, light, sound, or electricity.
We use many forms of energy every day. We use energy to heat, cool, run appliances, light our homes, and run our cars. We use the stored energy in food to keep us warm, maintain our bodies, and move about. Other living organisms need energy too. Plants use light, energy to grow and make food.
The Sun provides most of the energy on Earth. Plants absorb light energy from the Sun and use it to make food stored as chemical energy. The energy stored in plants in turn provides the energy for other living things on Earth. The Sun's energy also provides warmth, powers the water cycle, and makes wind power.
The energy from the Sun also provided the energy to prehistoric plants and animals. When these living organisms died, their remains eventually became fossil fuels, named so, because like fossils, they lived long ago. Examples of fossil fuels include coal and oil. Fossil fuels are very important because when we burn them, they provide most of the energy we use every day!
There are two main types of energy- potential energy and kinetic energy. Kinetic energy is energy that is in motion. A moving car, a bouncing ball, and a spinning top have kinetic energy. In contrast, potential energy is stored energy.
Energy that is stored and ready to go is potential energy.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.697664
Retrieved Text: Consider a scenario: When diesel is burned in a truck engine, some of the chemical energy stored in the form of liquid is converted into kinetic energy of the truck and some are wasted as thermal energy. When the truck stops, its kinetic energy is converted into internal energy in the brakes. The temperature of the brakes increases and heat energy is released. The outcome is that chemical energy has been converted into heat energy, which dissipates in the atmosphere and is of no further use. However, the total energy present in the universe has remained constant.
All energy changes are governed by the law of conservation of energy. The law states that energy cannot be created or destroyed. It can only be converted from one form to another.
Kinetic energy is associated with moving objects. As we know, a moving object can be made to do work as it slows down. For example, a moving hammer hits a nail and, as it stops, it does work to drive the nail into a wall.
The kinetic energy Ek joules (J) of an object of mass m (kg) moving with speed v (m/s) is given by the following equation. Ek is termed as translational kinetic energy since it is energy due to an object moving in a straight line. Rotating objects also have kinetic energy and that is known as a rotational form of energy.
Newton’s law of gravitation tells us that all masses attract one another. When two masses are pulled apart, work is done on them and so they

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.559952
Retrieved Text: Bridal Veil Falls, Yosemite National Park, CA.
Engineers design hydroelectric dams to take advantage of the conversion of water's potential energy to kinetic energy, and then mechanical energy to electrical energy. Since the force of kinetic energy is dependent on the height and mass of the falling water, civil engineers take this into consideration when designing dam turbines. High kinetic energy (caused by a great amount of water or falling from a high distance) results in incredible force on the turbine blades, so engineers design the blade and the assembly to withstand this force. Engineers use this same understanding of energy transfer when they design roller coasters.
Describe an object's varying potential energy as being dependant on its height above the Earth's surface.
Explain the path of potential energy converted into kinetic energy as objects fall.
List ways that the energy of falling water is used to do work.
Describe how engineers use the potential and kinetic energy measurements of water to design reservoirs and hydroelectric power plants.
What is energy? (Answer: Something that can do work). Have you ever heard of potential or kinetic energy? Well, potential energy is simply the "stored" energy of an object. An object's potential energy depends partly on its height and gravity. Kinetic energy is the energy of the object in motion. As an object falls, or moves down an incline, its potential energy is converted into kinetic energy. So, a falling object (or one rolling or sliding down a hill) loses its potential energy as it increases its kinetic energy.
Installation of huge water turbines at

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.5019
Retrieved Text: A brake is a mechanical device which inhibits motion, slowing or stopping a moving object or preventing its motion.
To stop the vehicle safely in shortest possible distance in case of emergency.
To Control the vehicle when it is descending along the hills.
To keep the vehicle in desire position after bringing it in complete rest when there is no driver.
Most brakes commonly use friction between two surfaces pressed together to convert the kinetic energy of the moving object into heat, though other methods of energy conversion may be employed. For example regenerative braking converts much of the energy to electrical energy, which may be stored for later use. Other methods convert kinetic energy into potential energy in such stored forms as pressurized air or pressurized oil. Eddy current brakes use magnetic fields to convert kinetic energy into electric current in the brake disc, fin, or rail, which is converted into heat. Still other braking methods even transform kinetic energy into different forms, for example by transferring the energy to a rotating flywheel.
The brakes for automotive use may be classified according the following considerations.
Based on the above considerations, brakes are classified with respect to following factors.
4. With respect to the method of applying the braking force.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.413107
Retrieved Text: Explain work as a transfer of energy and net work as the work done by the net force.
Explain and apply the work-energy theorem.
What happens to the work done on a system? Energy is transferred into the system, but in what form? Does it remain in the system or move on? The answers depend on the situation. For example, if the lawn mower in Chapter 7.1 Figure 1(a) is pushed just hard enough to keep it going at a constant speed, then energy put into the mower by the person is removed continuously by friction, and eventually leaves the system in the form of heat transfer. In contrast, work done on the briefcase by the person carrying it up stairs in Chapter 7.1 Figure 1(d) is stored in the briefcase-Earth system and can be recovered at any time, as shown in Chapter 7.1 Figure 1(e). In fact, the building of the pyramids in ancient Egypt is an example of storing energy in a system by doing work on the system. Some of the energy imparted to the stone blocks in lifting them during construction of the pyramids remains in the stone-Earth system and has the potential to do work.
In this section we begin the study of various types of work and forms of energy. We will find that some types of work leave the energy of a system constant, for example, whereas others change the system in some way, such as making it move. We will also develop definitions of important forms of energy, such as the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.403444
Retrieved Text: Suppose that we wanted to ask what the most famous equation in physics is. There are, I imagine, a few candidates.
Some might point to the pre-Newton experimentally-derived “laws” that people learn about in school, such as Hooke’s Law, Boyle’s law for gases; maybe Snell’s law for refraction.
Newton’s second law of motion, F = ma, has to be a candidate.
Then we have the first law of thermodynamics, which might not be familiar in the standard form dE = dQ - dW (E the internal energy, Q the heat supplied by the system and W the work done by the system on its surroundings), but is basically just a statement of the conservation of energy, which is very familiar.
I would hope that some people would cite Maxwell’s equations and the Lorentz force Law, arguably the most important results of classical physics.
whose name many people will know even if they don’t know anything else about quantum mechanics.
The principle of least action and Hamilton’s equations also ought to get short-listed.
But ask a random person on the street to name an equation from physics, and if I were a gambling man (which I am not) I would be willing to bet that the majority of them would say E = mc2, even if they don’t understand what the equation means. So what does it mean?
First of all, we need to ask what the symbols mean. E represents energy, m represents mass and c the speed of light. Well, that’s simple enough. It means that mass and energy are equivalent, doesn’t it?
Well,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.04537
Retrieved Text: The kinetic theory of gases is the study of the microscopic behavior of molecules and the interactions which lead to macroscopic relationships like the ideal gas law.
The study of the molecules of a gas is a good example of a physical situation where statistical methods give precise and dependable results for macroscopic manifestations of microscopic phenomena. For example, the pressure, volume and temperature calculations from the ideal gas law are very precise. The average energy associated with the molecular motion has its foundation in the Boltzmann distribution, a statistical distribution function. Yet the temperature and energy of a gas can be measured precisely.
Applying Newton's Laws to an ideal gas under the assumptions of kinetic theory allows the determination of the average force on container walls. This treatment assumes that the collisions with the walls are perfectly elastic.
In this development, an overbar indicates an average quantity. In the expression for the average force from N molecules, it is important to note that it is the average of the square of the velocity which is used, and that this is distinctly different from the square of the average velocity.
Can you weigh the gas in a closed container?
The average force and pressure on a given wall depends only upon the components of velocity toward that wall. But it can be expressed in terms of the average of the entire translational kinetic energy using the assumption that the molecular motion is random.
This leads to a concept of kinetic temperature and to the ideal gas law.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.93305
Retrieved Text: Item EG002003: For two pinecones falling at the same speed, the pinecone with more mass has more motion energy.
Two pine cones are falling from a pine tree. Both pine cones are falling at the same speed.
If Pine Cone 1 weighs less than Pine Cone 2, which pine cone has more kinetic energy (motion energy)?
Pine Cone 1 has more kinetic energy.
Pine Cone 2 has more kinetic energy.
Both pine cones have the same amount of kinetic energy.
Neither pine cone has any kinetic energy.
EGM017: For two objects traveling at the same speed, the heavier one will have less kinetic energy (AAAS Project 2061, n.d.). Some students think that heavy objects are weighted down and don't have much energy.
EGM016: Objects that are falling do not have motion energy (Herrmann-Abell & DeBoer, 2010). For example, a dropped object doesn’t have motion energy because gravity is just pulling it down.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.85506
Retrieved Text: Although I’m an engineering expert in the 21st Century, I often have to employ engineering principles that are centuries old. A case in point is Gaspard Gustave de Coriolis‘ formula to compute work, as set out in his Principle of Work. We’ll work with his formula today, and we’ll introduce a unit of measurement used to quantify work known as the Newton.
where F represents the force acting upon an object that travels a distance of D. Force is most often expressed in metric units as kilogram • meter per second2, a wordy expression which is more conveniently referred to as the Newton.
Next time we’ll explore the special relationship between work and energy and introduce another unit used to quantify work.
I was recently retained as an engineering expert in a lawsuit in which I had to determine the force acting upon an object. In order to quantify that force, I employed Gaspard Gustave de Coriolis‘ Principle of Work, an engineering concept he introduced in his 1829 textbook, Calculation of the Effects of Machines. We’ll take our first look at de Coriolis’ Principle of Work today, along with the term he used to quantify work, the dynamode.
As a scientist living during the time of the great Industrial Revolution, de Coriolis was interested in lots of things, and he was particularly interested in quantifying the effort involved to accomplish tasks, like how many men, horses, or steam engines were required to move a stationary object. He defined this activity as work, and he hoped its study would lead to

########
Rank: 22
Score: 24.709566
Retrieved Text: Kinetic energy of a rigid body is the energy possessed by its motion Sponsored Links Work must be done to set any object in motion, and any moving object can do work.... How to find kinetic energy “The energy possessed by a body by virtue of its motion called the kinetic energy” Every object in the universe has kinetic energy to move from one place to another.
If an object is translating and rotating and you want to find the total kinetic energy of the entire thing, you can just add these two terms up. If I just take the translational one half M V squared, and this would then be the velocity of the center of mass. So you have to be careful. Let me make some room here, so let me get rid of all this stuff here. If you take one half M, times the speed... 30/10/2008 · Find the height of the point P at which the roller is at rest, then compute the potential energy there. At P, the total energy of the system is entirely potential.
30/10/2008 · Find the height of the point P at which the roller is at rest, then compute the potential energy there. At P, the total energy of the system is entirely potential. how to get a single photo from iphone to computer How to find kinetic energy “The energy possessed by a body by virtue of its motion called the kinetic energy” Every object in the universe has kinetic energy to move from one place

########
Rank: 23
Score: 24.581615
Retrieved Text: Year 6 investigating forces and constructing fairground rides.
This week, Year 6 have been engaged in a STEM project using K-nex. Firstly, we researched some of the rides at Port Aventura (as lots of the pupils have recently returned from a trip to Barcelona) looking closely at how the structures were made stronger by the addition of triangles to reinforce the tower's design. We thought about the type of ride that we would like to construct as a prototype to explore how these mechanisms work together. Next, we looked closely at how energy is transferred in these rides - considering gravity, potential energy and kinetic energy in how the rides move, spin and rock. Pupils were investigating how the motors, containing the chemical energy transfers to kinetic energy to allow the ride to move or spin.
We then looked at the science behind the rollercoaster and how it works. It was interesting to learn that as the car goes over the top and car gains speed, the gravitational potential energy is transferred to kinetic energy. As it travels to the top of another loop, kinetic energy is transferred back to gravitational potential energy. However, some of the energy is transferred to heat and sound energy.
Then came our opportunity to use some existing construction materials to make models by following exploded diagrams as our instructions. Through our construction phase, we learnt about the importance of using cams, gears and motors in order to transfer effectively throughout the ride - we built some of these cams with the individual pieces

########
Rank: 24
Score: 24.147812
Retrieved Text: These are one electron systems and ionization implies excitation of an electron to "n=infinity", that is, removal of the electron so that there is no attraction to the nucleus. The ionization energy is just the Rydberg energy.
9/11/2010 · However I am having a little trouble with the actual calculating of the photons energy. I figured with conservation of energy the initial kinetic energy would equal the final kinetic energy. I still do not fully understand how to calculate the final energy of the photons and how the given answer would be correct.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.069212
Retrieved Text: Is it possible to make sub-steller mass black holes without intense gravitational pressures or compression? You betcha!
There is a way to make planetary mass black holes. This method does not rely on high pressures to compress mass into small volumes. All you need is oodles (and I mean really a lot) of kinetic energy and good aim.
Say you want to make a black hole with the same mass as the earth. A black hole of this mass is about the size of a marble. What you need to do is take two marbles and accelerate each to a velocity such that their kinetic energy has a mass equivalent of approximately the mass of the earth, but have their velocities opposite, so that the net momentum is zero. Then have them collide head on. Being marbles, they can get pretty close together before colliding, well within their combined event horizon. Bricks with the same kinetic energy probably wouldn't work since they would collide and splatter too soon. BBs with the same kinetic energy would be even better, but would probably be harder to accelerate to the same kinetic energy for the same reasons that electrons are harder to accelerate to the same energy as protons.
Imagine two BBs coming together in a near miss scenario, passing each other within the diameter of a marble. They would become permanently bound orbiting each other at high frequency, emmitting high frequency, centimeter wavelength microwave gravitational radiation. Imagine radiating planetary mass equivalents of gravitational energy within the time span of a few

########
Rank: 26
Score: 24.057722
Retrieved Text: The video below shows an idea for generating electricity by cars passing over a special ramp. The energy could be used for powering street lights, traffic lights and other road signs.
Some comments seem to think it would be wasteful if used anywhere but on a downward slope where it would also help the car slow down a little. Visit Boing Boing or sugiero for further details.
Ocean wave powered electrical generators produce an uninterupted supply of energy and they are often designed around the bending of hinges to pump hydraulic fluid to drive generators. The Electro-Kinetic Road Ramp depends on the irregular action of vehicles driving over it instead. Creating â€œFreeâ€ Electricity is not the problem, keeping it free is. Trying to watch football on a TV powered by intermittent bursts of 10Kw takes all the fun out of it. To provide a constant supply electrical energy storage batteries would be needed for the Electro-Kinetic Road Ramp and thats where the idea fails. Once you put all that â€œfreeâ€ electricity into an L16 rechargable lead acid battery itâ€™ll cost 4-6 times as much per Kwh to get it back than it would if you paid for it directly from the grid. For example; a $60.00 33AH lead acid battery provides 400 watts per discharge multiplied by 250 battery life cycles equals 60 cents per Kwh verses 10 cents per Kwh from the grid. The idea will be worth what they purport when batteries cost less than 1/6th their current price. Until then all we’re doing is re-inventing

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.014221
Retrieved Text: The Law of Conservation of Energy states that energy is not created or destroyed, only transformed into other types of energy.
EQ: What are the different types of energy and examples for each?
Endothermic energy - absorbs energy - example: an ice cube takes in heat and melts!
Chemical Energy: Stored in the chemical bonds between atoms.
Kinetic energy: energy in motion! - you dancing at the school dance is kinetic energy.
Potential energy: energy stored (about to move) - you leaning on the wall at the school dance, thinking about getting out on the dance floor to bust-a-move.
Electric Energy: Energy of electrically charged particles moving from one place to another.
Radiation energy: Form of energy that travels through space as waves - think microwaves.
Write your 3 questions and Summary for these notes and Classifying Matter Cornell Notes.
No school on Monday! Yay!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 23.9236
Retrieved Text: Here are 10 different forms of energy that you'll need to know for GCSE Physics. Whenever you see the word 'potential energy', think 'stored energy', for example in a battery which is a store of chemical potential energy (ready to convert into electrical energy).
1. Electrical Potential Energy. A cell is a store of electrical 'potential' energy in the form of positive and negative charges which attract. A flow of electrons through a resistor can transfer electrical potential energy into heat energy.
2. Sound Energy. Sound waves are pulses of kinetic energy transferred from one place to another by vibrating particles as they bump into their neighbours. Sound energy can travel through a gas, liquid or solid.
3. Nuclear Energy. A great deal of energy is stored within the nucleus of atoms. This can be released when a nucleus is split into two, or when two light nuclei fuse into a single nucleus. Nuclear power stations are powered by this energy.
4. Kinetic Energy. Every object that moves has this type of energy. The greater the object's speed, then the greater its kinetic energy. Mass is also important here - a more massive object will also have a greater kinetic energy.
5. Light. Visible light is a type of electro-magnetic radiation which travels as waves. The members of this 'E-M' wave family include gamma, x-ray, ultra-violet, visible light, infra-red, microwaves and radiowaves.
6. Heat energy can move from one place to another via conduction, convection and radiation. Another name for this type of energy is 'Thermal Energy'.
7. Gravitational Potential Energy. Any object

########
Rank: 29
Score: 23.869911
Retrieved Text: When you think about the risks of a meteor impact with Earth, you might think the bigger the rock the bigger the danger. It turns out that’s only part of the story.
When it comes to really big impacts, such as the 10 kilometer wide Chicxulub asteroid that led to the extinction of dinosaurs, it is true that bigger is badder. But such impacts are exceedingly rare, occurring only once in 10 to 100 million years. It is exponentially more likely that a smaller meteor will strike the Earth. For smaller impacts factors such as speed, trajectory and location play a significant role.
The severity of a meteor impact is typically measured not in diameter but in kinetic energy. This is caused by a combination of mass and speed. A small meteor moving at great speed has more kinetic energy than a larger meteor moving slowly. In the same way, a bullet can do much more damage than a baseball, even though a baseball has much more mass. Since smaller meteors outnumber larger ones, speed is a greater risk factor. For example, the Chelyabinsk meteor that struck Russia in 2014 was only about 20 meters across. Meteors of this size are estimated to strike the Earth every 50 years or so. But this particular meteor struck the atmosphere with a speed of nearly 20 kilometers per second. It released about 500 kilotons of energy (about 25 times the energy of Hiroshima) resulting in damage to more than 7,000 buildings and injuring nearly 1,500 people.
The amount of damage is

================



======= Instance Index 5 =========
Input Text: Which organism cannot specialize?

Which is the correct answer?
- mammal
- plant
- fish
- protozoa

Target Text: protozoa

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.048042
Retrieved Text: Pluripotent stem cells – These cells are like totipotent stem cells in that they can give rise to all tissue types. Unlike totipotent stem cells, however, pluripotent stem cells cannot give rise to an entire organism. On the fourth day of development, the embryo forms into two layers, an outer layer which will become the placenta, and an inner mass which will form the tissues of the developing human body. These inner cells, though they can form nearly any human tissue, cannot do so without the outer layer; so are not totipotent, but pluripotent. As these pluripotent stem cells continue to divide, they begin to specialize further.
Multipotent stem cells– As with all stem cells, these are unspecialized cells that have the ability to: Self-renew and to differentiate into specialized cells with specific functions. A multipotent stem cell can give rise to other types of cells but it is limited in its ability to differentiate. For example, multipotent blood stem cells can develop into red blood cells, white blood cells, or platelets. Bone marrow is a good example of multipotent stem cells because it contains stem cells that give rise to all blood cell types but not other cells. Adult stem cells are considered multipotent and may also be referred to as mesenchymal stem cells.
Embryonic stem cells – A human embryo is the result of a fertilized egg during the first 8 weeks of development. Embryonic stem cells are harvested from this embryo and are considered to be pluripotent stem cells.
Adipose stem cells (ASCs) – ASCs are

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.45503
Retrieved Text: Pediatrics is a branch of medicine dedicated to the medical care of babies, children, and adolescents. As a rule, pediatricians are physicians who diagnose and treat diseases of people up to 18 years of age. One of the subspecialties of pediatrics is neonatology that consists of the medical care of newborns.
Pediatrics is quite a new field of medicine, because for a long time children were seen as tiny adults. However, besides different body size, the metabolic processes of children are also different from those of adults as the organism of a child is still developing and maturing. It means that the peculiarities of an immature organism always need to be taken into account, whether interpreting the symptoms, diagnosing a disease, or planning a treatment.
Just like internists who treat adults, pediatricians also specialize on certain groups of conditions and diseases. Below we describe some of the branches of pediatrics.
Gastroenterology: children’s gastroenterologists, also called pediatric gastroenterologists, specialize in problems related to the gastrointestinal tract, liver or nutrition. For example, they diagnose and treat children with conditions and diseases such as gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), celiac disease or gluten intolerance, acute and chronic stomach-aches, long-lasting constipation, pancreas-related diseases (e.g. cystic fibrosis), and nutrition problems (including growth problems, but also overweight).
Nephrology: children’s nephrologists specialize in various diseases of the kidneys and urinary tract, but also bladder-related problems. In addition, this subspecialty includes kidney failure, hypertension resulting from kidney malfunction, hereditary kidney diseases, and infections or inflammations of the urinary tract.
Rheumatology: children’s rheumatologists specialize in complaints, symptoms and diseases related to

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.437557
Retrieved Text: JCV-syn3.0 is a new, 473 genes, organism developed by genetic manipulations as part of the Minimal Genome Project. JCV-syn3.0 is less complex than the 525 genes Mycoplasma genitalium – the least complex natural organism known.
Contrary to some inflated claims to “synthetic life” and “created life”, the team has not created life out of non-living components (abiogenesis). The experiment is just a very sophisticated version of breeding – a process that humans have used for thousands of years to develop useful organisms.
At this time, researchers cannot understand the role of 149 of the 473 genes that seem “non-essential” yet without which the organism is not viable. The understanding of life is closer, but still far, far away.
Posted in News/Books and tagged abiogenesis, JCV-syn3.0, minimal genome, synthetic life.
← AlphaGo wins! Has AI arrived?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.738073
Retrieved Text: Biophysical Mechanisms of Genetic Regulation: Is There a Link to Mind-Body Healing?
Abstract: Over the past several decades, pioneering biophysics work has shown that living tissues interact with electric and magnetic fields in unexpected and dramatic ways: from initial anecdotal accounts of enhanced healing under electromagnetic stimulation, research in this field has progressed to a sophisticated arsenal of investigative tools and theoretical models which include polarized light microscopy to study the liquid crystal properties of living cells and laser-excitation of DNA to induce hybridization through non-molecular information transfer. In almost all cases, the results point to a set of remarkable properties of living tissues, and in particular of genetic material: the emerging picture is that of biosystems as sources and domains of coherent electromagnetic fields, which account for practically instantaneous inter-cellular communication and a highly efficient mechanism of energy utilization, and which seem to reflect very closely the developmental and patho-physiological state of the organism. In addition, a wide spectrum of genetic mechanisms now appear to be under the influence of surrounding electromagnetic fields.
At the same time, an impressive number of studies in the areas of parapsychology and mind-body medicine converge to show that conscious intent can affect practically every single type of genetic program, as well as many physiological parameters . These studies also show that such effects can be produced from great distances, and that occasionally they are accompanied by unusual energy signatures.
Is there a correlation between the effects of electromagnetic fields and those of mental intent on genetic regulation and living tissues? This paper

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.198673
Retrieved Text: In the sediment of Hirose river, various microbes such as diatoms, flagellates, and ciliates are swimming in their own characteristic styles. In particular, a round green organism seems to enjoy spinning until it is caught by a particle and stops moving. It is not clear whether the organism is a flagellate or not.
The round, green organisms spinning in this video is possibly Chlamydomonas, Chloromonas or a member of a related genus.
However, in this video, we cannot clearly examine the cytoplasm and cell surface for the presence or absence of pyrenoids, the number of pyrenoids, the shape of chloroplasts, and location of nuclei, etc.
This makes it difficult to classify the organism with certainty.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.15538
Retrieved Text: she created and which is now generally abandoning her.
deny its presence during at least thirteen or fourteen hundred years.
the middle of the first century.
still made; the other the credibility of that claim.
destruction of the organism, the Church, has repeatedly taken place.
to bring down the edifice of unity and authority.
historical order, 1. The Arian; 2. The Mohammedan; 3. The Albigensian; 4.
Church, its authority and doctrine among men, presents a type.
that civilization which the Catholic Church was to build up.
religion all that by which religion lives.
than to undermine it from within.
equals, and that Omnipotent Power is neither single nor beneficient.
and destructive of, the organism in which it has parasitically arisen.
creating a counter-Church, but had for its principle the denial of unity.
that therefore each is free to choose his own set of doctrines.
feel about a colour-blind man.
cannot escape sympathy with it or hatred of it.
assault can be delivered against the Catholic Faith.
conflict_the proposal to treat all transcendental affirmation as illusion.
eliminate the other during the process of that study.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.006401
Retrieved Text: Today we played "Justify", a terminology game that focused on autotrophic and heterotrophic terminology An autotrophic organism is an organism capable of synthesizing its own food from inorganic substances, using light, or chemical energy. Compare this to heterotrophic organisms, which are organisms that cannot synthesize its own food and is dependent on complex organic substances for nutrition.
Autotrophs create their own food through a process called photosynthesis. Since autotrophs can create their own food, they obtain their energy directly.
Heterotrophs need to eat food; they do not have the chlorophyll. Since heterotrophs do not create their own food then they obtain energy indirectly.
Chlorophyll is the molecule that absorbs sunlight and uses its energy to synthesize carbohydrates from CO2 and water (H2O). Chlorophyll is green in color due the chlorophyll's inability to absorb light with the green wavelength. Because this wavelength is not absorb, the green light is reflected by the chlorophyll and it is that light your eyes see as green.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.979906
Retrieved Text: ABOUT Microbiology AND ITS job opportunities in Nigeria?
Microbiology is another hot discipline which has so many job opportunities in Nigeria.
There are so many industries or companies in search of degrees holders in the field of microbiology. Before I provide you with the many opportunities of a microbiologist in Nigeria, I want you to get something straight. You need to know what microbiology is before searching for the job opportunities it renders.
What is microbiology: Without wasting much of your time, microbiology is the study of micro organisms. Micro organisms are simply those living organism that are too small to be seen by the naked eye.
I am vex when some people deride or look down at the discipline “microbiology” all because they feel it offers very little job opportunity. Micro biology may simply entail the study of micro organism but the knowledge of micro organism has been very crucial in the success of many industries in Nigeria.
Medicine: Medicine is the study of the human life; to safe and protect it from sickness, disease, deficiencies and so on. As little as those micro organisms may be, they still poses a serious threat to mankind. Sickness like malaria, typhoid, and at the advanced level sickness like HIV, AIDS, Ebola are all caused by these microorganisms. When a microbiologist sits down, pick up his microscope and view this micro organism. A lot of things come into his thoughts. Among his/her thoughts are the ways to destroy the micro organism that are harmful to human health. If these micro organisms cannot be

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.918407
Retrieved Text: Living Science Solutions for Class 8 Science Chapter 8 Cell Structure And Functions are provided here with simple step-by-step explanations. These solutions for Cell Structure And Functions are extremely popular among class 8 students for Science Cell Structure And Functions Solutions come handy for quickly completing your homework and preparing for exams. All questions and answers from the Living Science Book of class 8 Science Chapter 8 are provided here for you for free. You will also love the ad-free experience on Meritnation’s Living Science Solutions. All Living Science Solutions for class 8 Science are prepared by experts and are 100% accurate.
Which of these is multicellular?
Multicellular means made of more than one cells. Mushroom is a multicellular organism. All the other organisms mentioned here, are unicellular.
The egg of a hen is a cell. It divides repeatedly and differentiates into various tissues to develop into a chicken.
Which of these is not present in an animal cell?
In an animal cell, chloroplasts are not present. Chloroplasts are present in green plants and serve as the sites of photosynthesis in plants.
Which of these is the control centre of the cell?
The control centre of the cell is nucleus. The nucleus contains chromosomes, which divide during cell division.
Which organelles are responsible for energy production in a cell?
Mitochondria is responsible for energy production in a cell.
Which of these is not stated by the cell theory?
(a) Cells are the basic structural units of living organisms.
(b) All cells are identical.
(c) New cells are formed due to division in old cells.
(d) The way an organism functions

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.865627
Retrieved Text: Simon J. Evnine, Making Objects and Events: A Hylomorphic Theory of Artifacts, Actions, and Organisms, Oxford University Press, 2016, 268pp., $74.00 (hbk), ISBN 9780198779674.
In the increasingly crowded field of the metaphysics of ordinary things, Simon J. Evnine has written a superb book. It is detailed, profound, and carefully argued, with extremely well-informed discussions of views that have a bearing on his own account. Evnine is careful to make clear the relevance of many different issues to each other.
The book is impressive in scope. Evnine formulates a hylomorphic account of artifacts (including artworks), and adapts it to organisms and actions (artifactual events). He discusses natural non-organic objects (like rivers, stars, and rocks), which he takes not to be genuine objects, and develops a fictionalist account of discourse about them. Along the way, he discusses vagueness, mereology, three- and four-dimensionalism, ontological minimalism, disjunctivism, variable embodiment, mass production, teleology, functions, qua objects, prototypes, ready-mades, and more. He even gives a satisfying solution to the puzzle of the Ship of Theseus. Since such an array of topics is far too much for a review, I'll focus on Evnine's general conception of hylomorphism, and his hylomorphic treatment of artifacts (his paradigms of hylomorphism) and organisms.
Although he gives up Aristotelian form, Evnine follows Aristotle in recognizing multiple causes. Aristotle says that efficient, formal and final causes "often coincide." (8) Hylomorphically complex entities have matter which has been acted upon by tightly connected formal, efficient and final causes associated with the kind under which the complex entity falls.
Artifacts come into existence by "someone's

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.839897
Retrieved Text: We manage risks to the environment, the health and safety of people, Māori culture and traditions and the market economy from organisms that are new to New Zealand without limiting New Zealand’s future potential for innovation.
What is a new organism?
An organism includes microorganisms (including bacteria and viruses), cell lines, human cells (but not human beings), sperm, oocytes (cells from which an egg or ovum develops), embryos, seeds, plants, fish, and animals.
An organism that arrived in New Zealand after 29 July 1998.
An organism that became extinct before 29 July 1998.
An organism with approval to be in containment.
An organism with approval to be released with controls.
An organism that was deliberately eradicated from New Zealand (as the result a specified eradication programme with a stated goal or purpose of eliminating the organism from New Zealand).
An organism that was present in New Zealand before 29 July 1998 in contravention of the Animals Act 1967 or the Plants Act 1970 (except for the rabbit haemorrhagic disease virus (rabbit calicivirus)).
A risk species, which is defined as a population of a species present in New Zealand that may only represent a small subset of its full genetic potential. Some of that potential could be harmful to New Zealand. In such cases, the species can be regulated as a ‘risk species’. This means that the species—with the exception of the population already present in New Zealand—becomes a new organism.
If your organism is a new organism, you need approval from us to import, develop, field test or release your organism in New Zealand. Approval cannot

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.838627
Retrieved Text: ← Are You Working Out Your Own Salvation?
Arthur Burt, one of God’s true Apostles who died at 102, saw a coming Age many years ago.
The Son rising in us desires to see His Kingdom come, His will done on earth as it is in heaven. We yearn, as Daniel saw, to see the Kingdom of the Most High God replace the kingdoms of men.
The organizations of men should never be confused with the organisms of God. These organisms are beginning to emerge as described in the Seven Mountain mandate.
What we know for sure is human hands cannot touch what God is doing. We are seeing a full-on demonstration of Christ raising up His Body in power, strength, and purpose; there is nothing natural about what is occurring.
The coming together is happening as ‘called’ parts are connecting to the body – to the parts called to connect. Simultaneously, connection ignites purpose and power.
To be forewarned is to be forearmed – there is a price for those called to make this transition from organization to organism.
The transition requires more courage than any man has, but not more than God can give: It requires more faith than any man has, but not more than God can give.
The price of transition is death! To arise in God’s purpose one must fall to himself; to gain victory, in many cases, defeat must lead.
Death is a prerequisite to abundant life. Therefore, setbacks must be viewed as set ups, defeats must be understood in the context of sure victory – death to all

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.80013
Retrieved Text: In manufacturing of pre mixes and mixtures for nutrition of livestock in manufacturing of replacements for milk skimmed and liquid nutrition for nutrition of animals. Vitamin B 6 (pyridoxine, adermin) like other vitamins within B Complex, belongs to a group of vitamins soluble in water, it cannot be deposited in an organism in more significant quantities due to which it is necessary their frequent bringing into an organism, in order to avoid deficit of the same. Vitamins soluble in water are extracted through urine. Lack of vitamin B6 causes slow growth of animals, lessening of appetite, anemia, spasms, changes on the skin, rough hair, which are signs of pellagra. Sources of this vitamin are yeast, milk, grains of cereals.
Product is rather stable on the air, if protected from moisture. Temperature in the storage ought to be bellow 25 C. Packs opened ought to be used up very quickly. In the course of the use of the product inhalation of powder ought to be avoided and use of the protective measures and personal hygiene are to be ensured.
Packaging - Cardboard packaging of 25 kg.
Manufacturer - DSM Nutritional Products Europe Ltd.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.753265
Retrieved Text: Structural. Defects caused by poor construction, soil movement, water or drainage conditions, settlement, fire, etc.
Environmental Hazards. Including asbestos, lead-based paint, radon gas or any other toxic material.
Roof. Can include framing members, decking and shingle condition.
EMP. Electrical, Mechanical and Plumbing - Should include electrical and plumbing systems, built-in appliances, heating and cooling systems, swimming pool/spas, sprinkler systems and security systems.
Termite. Report would show any visible infestation or visible damage caused by and wood destroying organism (termites, water damage, wood rot).
Many companies specialize in only one area of inspection, and others will group several together and offer a package price. Whichever route you go, assure yourself your getting the inspections you need. Many can be found in the yellow pages or your RE/MAX ocean pacific realty REALTOR® can provide a list of several of each to choose from.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.629204
Retrieved Text: General Products basically covers all range except specialize ranges. General range distributors distribute PCD for General Products. Our company provide me too products at an acceptable rate. We provide our PCD in all North India.
We offer a vast range of Antibiotics. The importance of potency of antibiotics is foremost. The lowest concentration of an antimicrobial that prevents bacterial growth, but does not kill the organism. The antibiotic range provides all pharma Franchisers.
A cough and cold medicines are usually consumed orally in tablet, capsule, or syrup form. Cold is reduced by taken Antitussive Medicines. It may produce euphoria and hallucinations. We offer Cough & Cold medicines to Pharma Distributors, Pharma Franchisers etc.
Mouthwashes are antiseptic solutions intended to reduce the microbial growth in the oral cavity. Therapeutic mouthwashes that help reduce or control plaque, gingivitis, bad breath, and tooth decay. Our company provide therapeutic mouthwashes to our customers, dentist, hospitals.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.60952
Retrieved Text: Oxygen is a substance without which we cannot exist. Ozone is trivalent oxygen and its decomposition products are naturally re-used by the human organism. In medicine ozone has been used for a long time i.e. in autohaemotherapy or for sterilizing instruments. Although it is not lethal to human or animal cells, ozone is absolutely deadly to bacteria, fungi and viruses, without generating resistance in them. Ozone is a gas, which allows it access to places that cannot be reached by liquids. Therefore ozone is far better than other techniques use for germ-reduction in caries and root-canal treatments. Small caries lesions can be sterilized and mineralized to heal caries. Thus, by using this method, we avoid drilling away additional dental tissue. Not only children love the treatment without the dental drill.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.335485
Retrieved Text: A backlash toward GMO foods has emerged over recent years. According to an ABC News poll, approximately half of the United States population believes that GMOs are unsafe to eat.
Most of the concern stems from fear. Many people find the idea of inserting a gene from a bacteria into corn repulsive — the assumption being that the corn is now contaminated by bacteria and unsafe to eat. The same fear surfaced recently when it came to light that experiments were underway to insert a fish gene into tomato plants to make tomatoes more resistant to freezing. Fishy tomatoes have a certain “ick” feeling to them, right?
The non-GMO marketing strategy is just that — marketing. That said, it is perfectly reasonable to be concerned about how our food is made. In this case, the fear is misplaced, but the scientific community needs to better communicate why GMOs are safe.
Inserting a single gene from a different organism is not unnatural. In fact, humans (and all species) have shared genes from a multitude of organisms in our DNA already — bacteria, viruses, fish, apes, and Neanderthals are some.
Inserting a fish gene into a tomato does not make a tomato “fishy” in the same way that humans cannot breathe underwater. We share some genes with fish, but that doesn’t make us fish. Indeed, a single gene can hardly be considered “part of” a specific organism at all.
Genes are not characteristic of organisms. An organism is characteristic of its combined genetic makeup.
Layla Katiraee at The Genetic Literacy Project has compiled an

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.31891
Retrieved Text: Question 1 Name the instrument which is needed to see micro-organism?
Question 2 What are micro-organism?
Many living organism are present in soil,water and animal.Some of the micro-organism are so small that we can not see them with naked eyes.
Those organism which are too small to be seen without microscope are called micro-organism.
Micro-organism like bacteria and fungi make our food go bad.
The micro-organism also cause diseases in humans,other animals and plants.
Some of the micro-organism grow on food and cause food poisoning.
Some of the micro-organism are also useful to us like certain bacteria help in making food products such as curd and cheese.They are also useful in making bread,cakes,pastries,alcohol,medicine etc.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.312845
Retrieved Text: Apparently I have shifted to an every other week post. It is not that I am lazy, just that my life is a bit chaotic. A week ago Saturday my daughter got married, and this week I am flying back to Brazil. Somewhere in the haze last weeks post simply didn’t happen.
In any case, I felt that I left you last time with a rather unsatisfying answer: An individual is that which you define to be an individual. This week I want to argue that some designations of “individual” are better than others. To see this we need to continue to work with contextual analysis.
To start, lets imagine we assign fitness at the lowest possible level, that is the cell. Ten points if you can tell me why it is NOT the gene! Twenty points if you can tell me why the lowest level might be the organism! – hint: What is an orgamism?. In that case we are calling the cell the “individual”.
what this tells us is that, because we assumed it to be that way, there is selection at the level of the Individual cell, but no selection at the level of the organism. Thus, in this simple case the qualitative result is that selection is acting at the cell level.
If we assign fitness at the level of the organism then we are de facto defining the organism to be an individual. Here we get a very different answer. In particular, since there is no assignment of fitness at the cell level and are

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.214605
Retrieved Text: Biochemistry is the chemistry of organisms. An organism is anything that is alive, or if not, was once alive (a "dead organism"). What, then, is the condition we call life? We cannot offer a rigid, precise definition, but we do know that living things are characterised by metabolism, growth, and reproduction. Metabolism is the process by which a body introduces into itself ("ingests") various energy‑rich materials from its environment ("food"), and transforms these materials, with the release of energy, into other substances, some of which are retained by the body ("growth" or "repair") and some eliminated. Reproduction is the process by which one body produces another that is like itself in properties, structure, composition, and function, including metabolism and reproduction.
The distinction between an organism and a material is not always clear. A virus consists of particles several hundred angstrom units in length or diameter; these particles can reproduce themselves in a suitable environment but they do not ingest food, or grow, or carry on any other metabolic processes. Are viruses, then, living organisms or are they chemical materials that consist of large molecules capable of replicating themselves under suitable conditions? To include viruses among the living the definition of life must be modified. Most broadly, we may consider anything living if it can bring order out of disorder at the expense of energy and has the capability to preserve accidental variations (called mutations) that may occur in the process.
In an organism, the structure called the cell may be considered to be a biochemical reactor. An organism

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.197878
Retrieved Text: The organisms that cause coughs and colds are found in the air and enter our bodies through our nose and mouth. This is why we teach our children to cover their mouths when they cough or sneeze. When an infected person coughs/sneezes millions of tiny organisms are driven into the air. If breathed in by other people they may also become infected and it can spread.
Our body is designed to protect us from many potential illnesses, if it is functioning the way it should.
Our first line of protection is in the nose and mouth. If one organism sneaks past these filters, the body sends a good organism to fight the infection. If the immune system is not functioning at its best our body cannot fight and an infection has the opportunity to set in.
Chiropractic helps by ensuring the nervous system is balanced and operating effectively, which can have a substantial effect on how our immune system is working. If your immune system is fully functioning it is better prepared to fight off coughs and colds.
If you or your child suffers from constant coughs, colds and sore throats, see Dr Paije to see if something in your spine may be influencing the effectiveness of your immunity.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.973207
Retrieved Text: Ecology is the branch of biology that studies how organisms interact with their environment and other organisms. Every organism experiences complex relationships with other organisms of its species, and organisms of different species. These complex interactions lead to different selective pressures on organisms. The pressures together lead to natural selection, which causes populations of species to evolve. Ecology is the study of these forces, what produces them, and the complex relationships between organisms and each other, and organisms and their non-living environment.
Scientist can view ecology through a variety of different lenses, from the microscopic molecular level all the way to the planet as a whole. These different types of ecology will be discussed further on. At every level of ecology, the focus is on the selective pressures that cause evolutionary change. These pressures arise from a variety of different sources, and there are numerous methods for observing and quantifying this data.
The field of ecology has a huge variety of sub-disciples. Although the types of ecology below are divided by the level of organization being viewed, some ecologist specialize in specific aspects of each field. For example, cognitive ecology is a branch of organismal ecology that studies the mental processes of animals. Other ecologist study only the interactions between humans and the rest of the biome, a field known as human ecology or environmental science. Still other ecologists focus on the interactions between organisms and the abiotic factors that affect their evolution, such as nutrients and toxins in the environment. Ecology is a vast field, a the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.88693
Retrieved Text: Everyone on a diet with the aim of shaping the body in a satisfactory way knows that fiber is an essential dietary element. What is fiber? Where can we find it? What it its role in our organism? We will try to answer these and other questions in this article.
Fiber is not digested and absorbed in our digestive system. Moreover, it is also not assimilable and cannot be the source of energy. Despite the fact that dietary fiber is practically neutral for our organism, the truth is different. Fiber is incredibly important and plays a vital role in our organism.
-fiber soluble in water, to which we classify e.g. cellulose, lignins or silica.
a very important function of fiber, especially taking into consideration maintaining proper functions of the intestines, is the creation of gels, which is attributed mainly to β-glucans, which are contained in grains. In the small intestine, β-glucans, which do not undergo breakdown create a protective layer, which delays hydrolysis of starch and the absorption of glucose. Thanks to this, we feel satiety for longer. They also work protectively in case of gastrointestinal disorders. The gel protects mucous membrane of the intestines from irritations and bacterial infections.
it also positively influences lipid balance and glucose-insulin metabolism, which may result in the decreased risk of developing atherosclerosis or diabetes type 2.
fiber is helpful in the absorption of protein.
As can be seen, dietary fiber demonstrates many valuable properties, therefore it is very important to take care of the proper intake of fiber every day. The recommended amount is 30-40g

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.839878
Retrieved Text: I present SubDBer, a small program that allows users to build customized sequence databases that only include data of interest at designated comprehensiveness, based on resampling of large, standard databases.
The sampling criteria are variable. For example, starting with NCBI nr, one wants to only include Proteobacteria sequences, and wants to keep one organism per genus only, but meanwhile wants all Escherichia spp. retained. The program will do the job.
This program may be useful in various situations. It not only greatly saves computation time by discarding large amount of unwanted sequences, but also concentrates firepower to a narrow range that actually draws the user's interest (evenly truncated databases cannot do this). Moreover, with the ease of creating user-defined databases, one could always make their toolkit up-to-date and standardized.
This command takes the NCBI nt database as input -> starts with all organisms from Bacteria (TaxID: 2) except for Cyanobacteria (1117) -> picks one representative organism per genus -> except for Bacteroides (816), Prevotella (838) and Ruminococcus (1263), in which all organisms are included -> creates a new BLAST database sub_nt that contains sequence data from the selected organisms.
The program is available at GitHub. There is no dependency.
Is there a publication with more information about your program?
How to parse Blast output from new XML2 format with taxid and sciname?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.838331
Retrieved Text: As you have learned from previous lessons, disease is a body-conducted remedial process. It is an effort on the part of the organism to repair and heal itself. You have also learned that disease is not something lurking in the bushes ready to attack the first person who passes by it. Rather it is occasioned by our own transgressions of life’s laws.
Drugs cause disease and only disease. They do not prevent or eradicate it. Ingestion of drugs adds further toxins to an already toxic organism. Further, it is very enervating for the body to deal with drugs. The less vital energy the body has, the less equipped it will be to initiate healing.
Further, taking drugs does not solve the problem. One cannot attain health by suppressing symptoms. The problems of ill health still remain and the person is usually worse off than before he or she began taking the drugs. We are, in effect, telling our body a lie when we take drugs. We attempt to deceive it into thinking that this or that drug will be the “miracle cure.” But in reality, we are hurting our body more by taking these poisonous substances.
Healing powers are possessed solely by the living organism. It is always in force and is forever functioning in the body in sickness or health. Hygienists cannot “cure”; they have no “cures.” Neither has anyone else.
Outside of the human body, man cannot make blood; he cannot produce a cell; he cannot mend a broken bone; he cannot repair a wound. All that he

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.815504
Retrieved Text: Ans: The structural and functional unit of the living organism is called cell.
Ques: Name the instrument by which cell can be seen.
Ques: What is unicellular organism?
Ans: The organism which is made of only one cell that is called unicellular organism. Ex – amoeba and paramecium.
Ques: What are multi cellular organisms?
Ans: The organism which is made of more than one cell are called multi cellular organism. Ex – human and tree.
Ques:Which part of the cell contains organelles?
Ques:Distinguish between plant cell and animal cell.
cell wall is present in it.
Cell wall is absent in it.
Ques: Name the projection in amoeba by which it take food.
Ans: A tissue is a group of similar cells having a specific function.
Ques:What are the basic components of a cell?
Ans: The basic components of a cell are cell membrane, cytoplasm and nucleus.
Ques:Name the components of cell which are enclosed within the cell membrane.
Ques:State the difference between eukaryotes and prokaryotes.
The organisms which cells have a nuclear membrane are called eukaryotes.
Ex. Onion and other animals’ cells.
The organisms which cells do not have nuclear membrane are called prokaryotes.
Ex. Bacteria, blue green algae.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.788759
Retrieved Text: Researchers of the University of the Basque Country (Spain) have for the first time created model of live organisms and their evolution by means of the quantum computer. Article with results of work is published in the Scientific Reports magazine. For creation of model scientists have used the chip for quantum calculations of IBM ibmqx4. Each organism was described by two types of qubits, one of which represented his genotype, and another — a phenotype. The genotype described type of an organism and was transferred from generation to generation. The phenotype was defined by two factors, genetic information and interaction between an organism and Wednesday. Eventually the phenotype of a concrete organism "grew old" that meant gradual loss of information coding it. Organism life time partly was defined by a genotype. Each organism was a replicator, that is was capable to replicate. Either the genotype, or phenotype became квантово tangled with empty qubit in which the population mean of initial qubit was copied. The empty qubit then turned into a genotype of an organism of the next generation. The new genotype, in turn, also contacted empty qubit where the organism phenotype registers. During replication there could be mistakes which made changes to a genotype. As a result numerous quantum organisms which interacted with each other and also with the environment through the phenotypes have been created. Mutations were brought under a certain law by means of the quantum gates transforming entrance conditions of qubits. According to scientists, results of experiments corresponded to earlier developed theoretical model.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.788191
Retrieved Text: Health is a state of being whole. Disease is a state of being separated. When something is a part, it is a-part. To heal oneself is to become whole.
You cannot buy, beg, borrow or steal health.You cannot buy, beg, borrow or steal health. It is nature’s gift to you. Each of us must find our own path towards a life lived to its fullest. In making the most of ourselves, we repay nature the debt we owe her for giving us life.
We have made an idol out of our individuality.Today, we pride ourselves on the fluidity of our society in which theoretically, everyone can use their talents and ambitions to earn their fame and fortune. We revel in our great mobility, in our rootlessness and love to live footloose. Forgetting the past and being free from all its ties and limitations, has become our youths’ rite of passage. In magnifying our individuality, we have come to equate progress (as epitomised by science) with forgetfulness – and have made an idol out of our individuality.
Many people now live like slaves to progress. Many of us invest a lot in egotistically establishing our own individual ethics and morals, since we feel that we have nothing else to invest in with confidence. Our collective policy of “everyone for themselves” regards everything outside the individual, even nature, as an enemy.
We each have a personal responsibility to learn as much as possible about health.
However, in respect to health, we tend to ignore individuality, often focusing on ‘backs’ or ‘lungs’ and neglecting

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.776678
Retrieved Text: Genes set the order that amino acids - the chemical building blocks of proteins - appear in the proteins which they code for. But (working from the gene) the form which the protein's 3-D structure will take cannot as yet be predicted. The extremely complex shapes in which the protein 'folds' has a profound effect on the properties it has within an organism.
The so-called 'protein folding problem' first described more than half a century ago, means that pharmaceutical and bio-informatic researchers (for example) are faced with very extensive problems when trying to design new medicines and enzymes - or even understanding how currently known examples actually work.
“We have little experimental knowledge of protein-folding energy landscapes.
We cannot consistently predict the structures of proteins to high accuracy.
We do not have a quantitative microscopic understanding of the folding routes or transition states for arbitrary amino acid sequences.
We cannot predict a protein’s propensity to aggregate, which is important for aging and folding diseases.
We do not have algorithms that accurately give the binding affinities of drugs and small molecules to proteins.
We do not understand why a cellular proteome does not precipitate, because of the high density inside a cell.
Note: Some progress is being made with neural-network deep-learning techniques that are able to predict (at this stage very basic) folding structures.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.77667
Retrieved Text: In the emerging fields of biomechanics and biomimicry, scientists are decoding rules that can help form businesses as hardy and long lasting as a forest. After all, nature is far harsher than the market: If you are not sustainable, you die. No second chances and no bailouts. Businesses that are capable of dealing with the challenges of a changing world will be better able to respond and to lead.
2. Adapt to the changing environment — and specialize.
3. Celebrate transparency. Every species knows which species will eat it and which will not.
4. Plan and execute systematically, not compartmentally. Every part of a plant contributes to its growth.
5. Form groups and protect the young. Most animals travel in flocks, gaggles, and prides. Packs offer strength and efficacy.
6. Integrate metrics. Nature brings the right information to the right place at the right time. When a tree needs water, the leaves curl; when there is rain, the curled leaves move more water to the root system.
7. Improve with each cycle. Evolution is a strategy for long-term survival.
8. Right-size regularly, rather than downsize occasionally. If an organism grows too big to support itself, it collapses; if it withers, it is eaten.
9. Foster longevity, not immediate gratification. Nature does not buy on credit and uses resources only to the level that they can be renewed.
10. Waste nothing, recycle everything. Some of the greatest opportunities in the 21st century will be turning waste — including inefficiency and underutilization — into profit.
A version of this article appeared in the July/August 2009 issue of Fast

================



======= Instance Index 6 =========
Input Text: A person can grow cabbage in January with the help of what product?

Which is the correct answer?
- Green house
- Parliment
- Congress
- White house

Target Text: Green house

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 24.64428
Retrieved Text: I had to blink once or twice when I saw this photo in Saturday’s paper. I mean, that 65 pound monster was grown here in Bozeman. By a third grader. I bet it outweighs her.
You can read the article in the Bozeman Chronicle, or join me in my room, where you’ll find me sobbing under my bed. The aptly named Meadow grew not only the largest cabbage in this year’s Bonnie Plants Cabbage Program, but the largest ever grown in the program.
Clearly, Meadow has a great future as a gardener. Me, I’m going to retire.
8 Responses to Coleslaw, anyone?
Oh, my gosh!! That’s a cabbage or two or three….
There’s a reason why most actors hate to work with kids. Anyway there’s a lot more to gardening than a huge cabbage. Bigger is not necessarily better. Meadow probably won’t be smiling so broadly if she has to eat all that cabbage.
I never understood why people grow such large portions of food. I think food should be taken seriously and not treated like a class project. I just can’t see these portions being consumed without being wasted.
Of all the things to worry about in this world (and there are plenty), you’re concerned about a child growing a big cabbage? You’re right that bigger is not better, but if growing a big cabbage gets kids interested in gardening, that’s an incredible idea, in my opinion (would be really cool if they were taught to do it organically, though).
That is the biggest cabbage that I’ve ever seen! I don’t even think

########
Rank: 1
Score: 24.623201
Retrieved Text: Duff Davidson has over 20+ years of experience in supply chain management and information technology. In his current role as vice president of business development, he leads a global team of business development managers, building relationships with prospective and current clients. Prior to TMC, Duff drove significant growth as vice president of business development for a large supply chain software organization. In his business development roles, Duff has demonstrated an ability to help small businesses grow into large global enterprises. Duff attributes this success to building win-win customer relationships that help them beat their competition. Duff earned a BA in Finance from the University of St. Thomas in St. Paul, Minnesota, and when not working you can find him supporting the athletic endeavors of the gopher state.
Cloud computing has been a part of the transportation management system (TMS) product range for some time now, and TMS applications of the technology continue to evolve.
The 3-Hour Diet, the Fat Flush Plan, Cabbage Soup Diet, Grapefruit Diet . . . With the dozens of diet plans out there, how does a person who wants to lose weight know where to start? Should you sign up for the plan making the boldest promises? Is it better to hitch your wagon to the latest fad?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 24.412308
Retrieved Text: When Agneta Magnusson was to present her book and have a lecture on the trendy gray pea, and the equally interesting turnips and cabbage roots, on Skansen on January 16th, it was fully booked directly.
– We hadn’t counted on that, says Sarah Gühne, who is responsible for the lecture activities. Fortunately, Agneta has a gap in the calendar so she can come back for a new lecture already on January 24th.
Agneta Magnusson is a cultural scientist and seed grower and is currently up to date with the book “Gråärter, rovor – och den älskade kålroten” which deals with plants that have played an essential role for survival through history. These are kitchen plants that have yielded good harvest, survived under different conditions and been important complements in the diet.
Agneta tells about the history of kitchen plants, how they were grown and how they were used in cooking and baking. Among the chapter headings you can find, for example, “Diversities gray peas”, “Korovans palmy days” and “Old & new about cabbage roots”. For those who grow gray pea, turnip or rutabaga, the book also contains recipes for, among other things, hard thin bread on gray pea and barley flour, turnip mash with dragon and rutabaga spice crusts.
An important message in the book is that we must continue to grow these crops, otherwise they are gone forever.
-If we want to preserve this tasty diversity, we get to grow ourselves, says Agneta Magnusson, who is also the old man in the Sesam pea chops association. Few varieties are available

########
Rank: 3
Score: 24.317392
Retrieved Text: Probiotics are microorganisms that live in the gut, line your digestive tract, and support your body’s ability to absorb nutrients and fight infection. Did you know that there are actually 10 times more probiotics in your gut than cells in your body?
What are some popular food sources of probiotics?
Sauerkraut – fermented cabbage. Find in the refrigerated section of grocery stores, check ingredients for cabbage and salt (not vinegar) to ensure it is probiotic fermentation.
Pickles – cucumber or any vegetables. Find in the refrigerated section of grocery stores, check ingredients for vegetable and salt (not vinegar) to ensure it is probiotic fermentation.
What are some tips for enjoying probiotic foods?
Potency: look for a potency of at least 10 billion CFU (colony forming units, aka live and active cells) per day. Look for a clearly marked expiry date so you are not buying a product that is no longer effective.
Prebiotics are non-digestible compounds that help probiotics (beneficial bacteria) grow and thrive in your gut - prebiotics are like food for the bacteria in your gut that help keep your gut healthy.
What are some food sources of prebiotics?
Questions? Contact the author, Registered Dietitian Alissa Vieth, Alissa.Vieth@medisys.ca.
\Concerned about your health? Book or inquire about a Medisys preventive health assessment.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 23.214527
Retrieved Text: You can use cabbage to make sauerkraut.
4 Do Baby Heads Reappear After Harvesting Cabbage Heads?
Winter in a Mediterranean climate is the perfect time to fill the garden beds with cool-season vegetables like cabbage (Brassica oleracea). In a 10-foot garden row, you can grow 10 to 18 pounds of cabbage. There are a variety of cabbages to try, including red cabbage and green cabbage hybrids.
The optimum temperature for growing a successful cabbage crop is 60 to 65 degrees Fahrenheit. Cabbage will grow at temperatures as low as 45 degrees and can tolerate high temperatures up to 80 degrees, but if it gets any warmer, cabbage will bolt. When a plant bolts, it produces a flower stalk and then and goes to seed. Once the flower develops, the leaves get tough and bitter, ruining the crop. Cabbage requires a growing season of 65 to 95 days.
In a mild, Mediterranean climate that has cool winters and hot summers, grow cabbage during the cool winter season. In frost-free areas, you can plant in late fall for a spring harvest. In colder areas that experience some winter frost, plant cabbage in late winter or very early spring as soon as the temperatures is consistently at 40 degrees Fahrenheit or warmer. In a cool, coastal regions, where summer temperatures rarely rise above 80 degrees, you can grow cabbage year-round.
For best germination rates, start cabbage seeds in seed flats in a greenhouse or other protected area. Cabbage seeds germinate in soil between 50 and 85 degrees Fahrenheit and take four to 10 days

########
Rank: 5
Score: 22.985092
Retrieved Text: What causes my cabbage to send up a flower stalk?
Bolting, or flowering of cabbage, is directly related to temperature. If the plants become dormant because of extended periods of cold weather, they will often go to seed, or bolt, when growth resumes. This condition can also occur if the temperature becomes too hot. Spring-planted cabbage is often seen flowering in gardens in midsummer. Since you mentioned that you planted the cabbage in late March, I would suspect the hot weather is causing your bolting problem. It is recommended that you plant cabbage between September and February in North Florida.
How do I get rid of Dallis grass in St. Augustine lawn grass?
Dallis grass (Paspalum dilatatum) grows in low wet areas of lawns. Once established, however, it will tolerate drought conditions. Dallis grass is a clump grass that can only be killed by manually digging up the clumps or spot killing them with one of the glyphosate herbicides (Roundup). Any St. Augustine grass that the herbicide gets on will also be killed. However, it will grow back into the spot where the Dallis grass was. Another product you could try would be one used for crabgrass control. Several treatments may be necessary. Dallis grass is only propagated by seed, so it is imperative that it not be allowed to go to seed.
Can you suggest some plants that I can use in a room that gets very little light? I measured the light level with a light meter on my camera and it is in the range of 100-

########
Rank: 6
Score: 22.86249
Retrieved Text: This hybrid cabbage forms big, blue-green heads. Southern gardeners can plant it in spring and fall. It's a good summer cabbage for Northern gardens.
Cabbage loves cool weather. It’s hardy enough to tolerate a light freeze or frost, and many gardeners say the cold sweetens its flavor. If you planted in spring or early summer, your cabbages will be ready to harvest by fall.
If you didn't plant this year, you can sow cabbage seeds next spring. Start them indoors about 6 to 8 weeks before the last frost. The plants will be ready for the garden after they produce their second set of leaves. But before you transplant them, harden them off by putting them outside in a sheltered spot for a couple of hours each day. Gradually increase their time outdoors over a week or so. Then space them as far apart in the ground as directed on the seed package, and mulch to help retain moisture and prevent weeds. Thin the transplants when they’re about 5” high. Buy cabbage starts, if you'd rather skip the seeds.
'Chinese Napa' has a mild taste and thick, white midribs. Plant it in full sun to partial shade, in fall, spring or early summer. It’s ready to harvest in 45-60 days.
Wait about 3 weeks before applying fertilizer, and keep the soil evenly moist to help prevent the heads from splitting. Give them 1-2” inches of water per week if there’s not enough rain.
Your seed packet will tell you approximately when your variety will mature, but you can double-check by squeezing

########
Rank: 7
Score: 22.79345
Retrieved Text: Learn how to grow cabbage and which varieties are our favorites for cooking, storing and eating.
The chart below includes a mix of open-pollinated (OP) and hybrid (F1) cabbage (Brassica oleracea var. capitata) varieties, which have a range of sizes and maturation times. Varieties marked with an asterisk can be grown at close spacing and produce softball-sized heads. More information on the types of cabbage and how to plant them can be found in All About Growing Cabbage.
Green cabbage You’ll need plenty of space to grow big heads.
slightly more nutritious than green cabbage.
Savoy cabbage Dramatic ruffled leaves surround a tender heart.
savoy cabbage tastes sweetest in fall.
of fun for the cook.
Locate sources for these cabbage varieties with our custom Seed and Plant Finder.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 22.741253
Retrieved Text: It is time to get the gears rolling again, so I suppose now would be a good time to discuss some of the non-brewing stuff I have been up to lately. Notably, I have gotten really excited about some of the other forms of fermentation, especially food-related. Pickling seems to be the current hot thing–all the cool kid restaurants around me offer artisanal pickle spreads–and I have always been found of sauerkraut, so I thought it would be fun to try it out myself. Having just kicked off my first batch I am just getting started, but I thought I would share what I have learned so far.
A fancy lid/airlock like the Homesteader’s Supply Pickle-Pro or you can probably get away with leaving the default lid lightly loosened.
Clean/rinse everything, but make sure you do not use anything antibacterial. Just rinse the cabbage off with cold water, you do not want to strip it of the bacteria that is living on it.
Core and quarter the cabbage, then slice it into thin strips.
Transfer the cabbage strips to a big bowl and sprinkle the salt on top. Firmly massage/mix the cabbage and salt until it starts to wilt and get watery. I should take ~5-10 minutes of massaging and you will see water begin to pool at the bottom of the bowl.
Pack the salty cabbage into your ball jar, tamping it down with a big spoon; there should be a few inches left at the top of the jar. Be sure to add any liquid left in massage bowl.
Weigh

########
Rank: 9
Score: 22.621265
Retrieved Text: The European Union has announced the amendment of maximum residue levels (MRLs) for pesticide residues in a number of different products.
Inspection and certification group SGS reported that, in January, the EU announced four Commission regulations amending Annexes II, III and V of Directive 2005/396/EC of the European Parliament, and of the Council, with regard to maximum residue levels for pesticides in or on food and feed of plant and animal origin.
Amendments include changes to MRLs for chlorpyrifos in mandarins, apples, pears, peaches, table grapes, blackberries, raspberries, currants, gooseberries, kiwifruit, pineapples, potatoes, tomatoes, peppers, aubergines, melons, watermelons, whole cabbage, chinese cabbage, globe artichokes, leek and sugarbeets, which will be applied from 10 August this year.
The changes mean that EU member states can take and analyse samples for the pesticide/product combinations and the number of samples of each product, including foods for infants and small children and products originating from organic farming, SGS noted.
﻿Keep yourself updated with dried fruits industry's latest news and reports.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 22.481112
Retrieved Text: We got into farming because we love the work--the sun on our backs, the dirty hands, the planning and plotting--but also because we love the vegetables. Some of our favorites: Joi Choi bok choi, Hakurei turnips, White Cherry tomatoes, and Cherokee Purple heirloom tomatoes. But it's also hard to turn down golden beets, sweet winter carrots, and fresh arugula.
Our farm specializes in greens and tomatoes. We grow a seasonal salad mix containing specialty romaines and baby leaf lettuces during warm months, and Asian greens, spinach, and baby Tokyo Bekana cabbage leaves during cool months.
We seed our tomatoes in January to ensure a long harvest. Our favorites are old standbys: Cherokee Purple, Yellow Brandywine, Prudens Purple, and French heritage varieties.
For home use, we grow a wide range of vegetables and are always trying out new varieties. To determine what to grow (and what not to grow) for customers, we use the lean practice of Genchi Genbutsu--"close observation to gain deep understanding." We send out surveys, talk to chefs, interview our customers--whatever it takes to figure out what foods customers want, when they want them, and in what amounts. The more precisely we answer those questions, the less waste there is our production.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 22.453552
Retrieved Text: Ornamental cabbage, ornamental kale occurs in colored varieties of and is ornamental foliage See more pictures of annual flowers.
The fancy-leaved cousins of our familiar vegetables make a bold statement in the cool season garden. In fact, the ornamental forms are edible, too, but the cabbage is bitter, and when the white, pink, red, and purple leaves are cooked, they turn an unappetizing gray. Tolerant of mild frosts, they're colorful all winter in mild climates.
Description of ornamental cabbage, ornamental kale: Bold, round plants whose center leaves (not flowers) color up in cool or cold weather, ornamental cabbage and kale grow 18 to 24 inches in diameter and can grow 18 to 24 inches tall.
Growing ornamental cabbage, ornamental kale: Their primary use is in the fall because the period of cool weather in spring after hard freezes cease is too short. Grow in large pots in a soil mix and feed weekly with a water-soluble fertilizer as recommended on the package. Transplant to the garden or display container in September. Before transplanting, remove tatty bottom leaves. Plant into the ground so that the crown of leaves is flush with the soil surface (roots will grow along the buried stem).
Propagating ornamental cabbage, ornamental kale: Start new plants from seeds. Sow 6 weeks in advance of outdoor planting at 65 degrees Fahrenheit. Do not cover the cabbage seeds since light aids germination, conversely, cover kale seeds with 1/4 inch of soil.
Uses for ornamental cabbage, ornamental kale: Kale or cabbage are best planted in areas where you can peer into the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 22.411118
Retrieved Text: This St. Patrick’s Day, you will be flooded with images of four-leaf clovers and leprechauns. Your diet may consist of primarily chocolate coins and Guinness, but this St. Patrick’s Day we need to give a shout out to an unsung hero of Irish cuisine. Cabbage became a very important food staple in Ireland during the Great Potato Famine, and since, corned beef and cabbage has become a classic Irish-American St. Patrick’s Day meal.
Despite the traditions, cabbage is more than just a food associated with corned beef and St. Patrick’s Day. Cabbage has a very interesting history, as well as fascinating traits to help it survive. Cabbage is a part of the Mustard family, Brassicaceae. This family of herbaceous plants is huge and very diverse, with around 3500 species of plants. The most well-known part of this family are the Brassicas, this is the group to which the cabbage belongs. The cousins of the cabbage in this family include broccoli, cauliflower and kale which together make up a group we know as the cruciferous vegetables. It is thought that all three of these plants came from the wild mustard plants and with slight adaptations to each of the members of the family.
There are tons of wild mustards that grow wild locally, although most are fairly small and nondescript. Some of the relatively more flamboyant members of this family that can be found in our valley include brookcress (pictured) and wallflowers. Mustards bloom throughout the summer and you can find these (usually) tiny, flowers with four petals throughout

########
Rank: 13
Score: 22.36283
Retrieved Text: Magna Tactics is a company committed to high quality, innovative gear to suit your every day needs. Starting with the Magna Belt, we hope to revolutionize your everyday carry setup with magnets in smart places that help you do what you need to more quickly, efficiently, and safely.
Magna Tactics is based in Bellingham, WA. We are a local, American company hoping to make our impact on the world by sticking to the values we are founded on. We are committed to American Manufacturing and hope to sustain, and create jobs in places that need them. We wan't to grow and expand the tactical gear market by making high quality equipment that you know was made with quality in mind.
The company was founded in January of 2017 by Mike Howe, an engineer, product designer, and outdoors enthusiast. After many years working in related industries, and competing against foreign manufacturers, he realized that we've lost something about the products we buy. Quality is no longer expected, and is simply hoped for. Having a product arrive that feels like it was made by a real person who cares about what they are making, it's unheard of. He feels it's time to put that touch back into the products we buy, and to reject the pattern of buying foreign made products that don't share the same ideals.
Magna Tactics is founded on these principles, and will continue to grow into this market, and push these ideals to bring back what's been lost in the products we buy.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 22.300888
Retrieved Text: Their leafy, green and generally don’t take forever to grow, which is always a winner with the kids. I wouldn’t class them as hard to grow either, and they’re bursting with goodness. As the autumn nights start to really cool down and the day temps as well, you’ll see Asian greens flourishing. Don’t plant them too early or they could start to flower in the heat and keep your eye out for the pests who love munchin’ on our green like snails and slugs.
Grab some heirloom seeds which you can start 4-6 weeks earlier. It’s a great way to extend your growing period and continue your supply over autumn. Plant a few seeds at a time so you don’t have too many. Find out more about seed raising here.
There are so many awesome varieties in Asian greens such as pak choi, bok choi, Chinese cabbage, Chinese broccoli and tatsoi.
Nutrient-dense Asian leafy greens are rich in vitamin C, beta-carotene, fibre and many B vitamins. They even deliver high levels of calcium and iron. They really are an ideal crop for a family food garden.
You can add them to stir-fries, eat them blanched or even munch down on them raw. So let’s choose some crops and start enjoying the green goodness.
Only differentiated by their stem colour, these two are probably the most popular of the bunch. Bok choy is like the big brother in size, so you’re likely to get more. Bok choy has a white stem while pak choy’s stem is greener.
Also going by the name of

########
Rank: 15
Score: 22.199793
Retrieved Text: Let me explain: Brussels sprouts are not only a member of the cabbage family but are the same genus and species as cabbage, as are broccoli, cauliflower, kohlrabi, and kale. Differences in these plants lie in the way growth of the stems and leaves are expressed. Cabbage has a single stem that’s been telescoped down to very short internodes, resulting in a tight head of overlapping leaves. With kale, internodes along the stem are further apart, allowing each leaf to unfold fully on its own. They also look different from those of cabbage.
In every plant, a shoot bud develops in the upper part of the crotch where a leaf joins a stem. Most brussels sprouts buds each start to develop enough to form a small, cabbage like head. But I — and probably you also — want large brussels sprouts sprouts (and more of them, so I also want tall brussels sprouts plants on which to attach the sprouts).
The sprouts are retarded somewhat in their development by a hormone called auxin. Auxin is one of many plant hormones coursing about within leaves, fruits, shoots, and roots, their effect dependent on such variables as plant part, plant age, and what other hormones they are reacting with. One place of auxin synthesis is in the tips of stems, and their effect is to suppress growth of buds down along the stem, with more suppression the closer a bud is to the tip of the stem. I just looked at my brussels sprouts plants; yes, the largest sprouts are

########
Rank: 16
Score: 22.184628
Retrieved Text: Here are a few easy tips for growing cabbage plants in your backyard vegetable garden!
Learn how simple it is to plant and care for cabbage for great gardening results.
Cabbage is a cold weather plant, and a member of the brassica family along with broccoli, cauliflower, Brussels sprouts, kale and turnips.
It is also a very hardy plant that will flourish in rich soil.
The heads can be stored fresh for several months in a cool location, or can be made into sauerkraut and preserved by canning.
Jumbo or Premium Flat Dutch cabbage reach maturity 105 days from plant setting.
These are the largest of all cabbages.
Few heads will weigh less than 12 pounds.
The produce is flat, rounded at the top, and extremely solid.
This variety is excellent for keeping all winter long as firm as the day you stored it.
Sow cabbage seeds in early spring.
You should only need about a dozen plants for an adequate harvest, unless you are planning to make lots of sauerkraut!
To allow for a percentage lost to poor germination and weaklings, sow about 18 seeds in 4 inch pots filled with commercial potting soil.
Set the pots in a bright, warm location.
When the seedlings are about one inch high transfer them to individual spaces in six packs.
They grow very rapidly in indoor heat.
A week or so before transplanting the cabbage into the vegetable garden, begin the hardening off process.
When you harden off plants it gradually toughens a plant's cell structure by exposing it to controlled cold weather conditions slowly.
The cabbage will be ready for the open ground in

########
Rank: 17
Score: 22.09527
Retrieved Text: I am seeking individuals to help me market and sale my essential oils. We have a large international market, and I'm needing help identifying individ...Philippines Colombia Ecuador Singapore Taiwan Indonesia Hong Kong Japan Malaysia Mexico New Zealand United States Please let me know how you could market my company to help me grow in these countries.
We have 23 owne...them growing. We also have a couple SaaS websites that could use some improvement as well. We are looking for a smart and motivated individual (no companies) who can help us grow a small team dedicated to white-hat website growth/management. Must be technically savvy with HTML/CSS skills and have had previous success in this area.
I need to start SEO on my websites. I am looking to build a long-term relationship with a brilliant SEO pe...websites. I am looking to build a long-term relationship with a brilliant SEO person who can help me establish the authority I need to gain more traffic, leads, and customers. As I grow so will my SEO Lead and the team he/she can build with me.
Need illustrations (line drawings with or without watercolor style) of several plan...several plants and trees. Total of 7 drawings. Need 1 illustration similar to attached file where there is a line drawing underneath layered underneath a full color drawing of a flower. This is for use on commercial products including a brochure, website and candles.
Shopify store with currently 30 products. Looking for someone to rewrite all written content professionally and with simplicity, particularly product descr...begins. Intial SEO would be

########
Rank: 18
Score: 22.089518
Retrieved Text: Grow among other plants. It can be sown directly in the garden, but usually it is cultivated from seedlings. Sow a few plants several times. It can grow successfully when temperatures reach 10 °C (50 °F) during the day and 5 °C (41 °F) during the night.
30 cm (12 in) between rows and at least 20 cm (8 in) between plants in a row. It can also be planted among other crops that go well with it.
Approx. 10 plants per person.
February-mid August for seedlings. It germinates in 10 days.
With home compost. Grow in the second field. Be careful about the lack of boron. It needs less fertilization when grown among beans or peas.
It is sensitive to the lack of water, so water regularly to 20 cm (8 in) deep.
Legumes, lettuce, beetroot, cucumbers, celery, onions, black salsify, potato, Swiss chard, pepper, radish, asparagus, mint, thyme, chamomile, cumin.
It is not very sensitive. If attacked, use the same methods as with cabbage.
Pick the swollen stems when they reach approx. 5 cm (2 in) thick, or earlier in summer, as they lignify later. Store them in plastic bags up to three weeks in the fridge. They last up to three months in a moist and cool basement.
Use young, meaty swollen stem and leaves (like leafy greens, for juices and in different dishes). It contains the majority of vitamins and minerals.
It doesn’t grow well in acidic soil. If it lacks moisture, the tubers burst.
It is also called German turnip or turnip cabbage, because its swollen stem resembles a turnip, but it

########
Rank: 19
Score: 22.066631
Retrieved Text: Fermented foods are nothing new. In fact, fermentation is one of the oldest methods of food preservation there is. Aside from fermented fruit juices (importantly, wine) common fermented foods include yoghurt, cheese and pickles. But what exactly is fermentation and how can adding fermented foods to our diet benefit our health?
Fermentation is a naturally-occurring process in which bacteria or yeast break down sugars in an airtight environment, to form acids or alcohols.
The method most commonly used for fermenting foods is called lacto-fermentation, not because it involves milk or dairy products, but because it relies on lactic acid-forming bacteria naturally found in our soils. The aim is to create ideal conditions for probiotics or good bacteria to grow, along with a variety of beneficial enzymes and essential vitamins.
A look at the fermentation process.
Fermented Foods: Why Eat Them?
Fermented foods contain a variety of beneficial probiotics, vitamins and enzymes to help promote a healthy gut. Maintaining the right balance of 'friendly' gut bacteria comes with a whole host of health benefits from improving digestion to helping our bodies fight disease.
There are benefits to eating fermented food.
Improve your digestive health. Probiotics, also known as 'friendly bacteria', actively support the beneficial bacteria in your gut. Overuse of antibiotics and diets rich in sugars and processed foods can disrupt this bacterial balance, leading to digestive complaints such as constipation, flatulence, Irritable Bowel Syndrome and even allergies or food intolerances. Increasing your consumption of probiotics can help to improve digestion, bowel function and even eliminate bad breath!
Boost your immune system. We now know

########
Rank: 20
Score: 21.892508
Retrieved Text: As a Gleaners board member, I spend most of my time behind the scenes: planning and running meetings, supporting our executive director, and encouraging other board members with the tasks that they take on.
Every once in a while, my schedule accommodates a trip into the fields. Standing in a farmer’s field provides much to reflect upon: the growing cycle; the relationship of humans to land and food; the climate; the simple beauty of place that an urban commuter rarely gets to visit.
I recently had the opportunity to go gleaning at the Food Project and, as I relieved plants of huge heads of cabbage, I considered the person who would eventually consume this product of human effort, climate, and generosity. I peeled off weathered outer leaves to reveal gleaming, wonderful-smelling cabbage. I considered whether the cabbage would be cooked and served at a homeless shelter. Or perhaps the cabbage would reach a distribution bag at a local food pantry, brought home by a neighbor stretching food stamps or a fixed income. I put myself in my neighbor’s shoes: on a limited budget, craving healthy food yet unable to justify the expense.
My heart leapt at the gratitude I imagined feeling at the heft of this gorgeous cabbage. The recipient would not be thinking about the planting in spring, the work and worry of growing season, or the harvest. The recipient would not see the work of the Gleaners, or our old truck, or our gracious volunteers.
In that moment, holding a cabbage that I wasn’t going to eat, and

########
Rank: 21
Score: 21.758114
Retrieved Text: Boo! At least the sprouts of onions like these Red Wethersfields are edible, unlike the just-as-spooky potato sprouts.
One of the things that the lazy person inside me really appreciates about freezing and canning is that, after the item is frozen or canned, it requires no monitoring from me. Root cellar crops require lots more care. And here it is, nearly mid-January, so it’s time for me to make an assessment of the State of the Stored.
The greenhouses and gardens in winter are great places for me to keep root crops like beets, carrots, parsnips, turnips and rutabagas, and it’s there that I go to find them. In the past I have stored them in the root cellar, but frankly they do better (and require less of my care) in the gardens themselves. Leeks, likewise, will be just fine in both the greenhouse and the gardens, and I am able to grow a fair number of salad onions through the winter in the greenhouses (both bunching onions (scallions) and regular onions that haven’t fully bulbed out).
Sprouty onions and potatoes in a cold dark basement are unpleasant, to say the least, especially when I am in a rush to make dinner and have to sort through them. I store these two crops on the floor below my canning jars; the average temperature all winter there is 50*. I try to eat the onions in the order of their sprouting (cipollini first, reds second, yellows third, whites last) and that usually works fine. Potatoes, however, have an internal sprouting

########
Rank: 22
Score: 21.757948
Retrieved Text: Cruciferous vegetables, such as broccoli, cabbage, brussels sprouts, cauliflower, and kale are some of the healthiest vegetables you can grow. The health benefits are almost too numerous to mention, but they can help prevent cancer in more than one way, and they can even help fight cancer, literally. Regular readers will know I’m a fan of science, so this isn’t just holistic hearsay, there are actual peer reviewed studies showing these effects. They contain antioxidants, which can help prevent cancer by removing oxidative stress on our cells. They also contain relatively unique compounds that help our cells detoxify, thus removing potential carcinogens from our body. Then there is another compound that can literally cause cancer cells to kill themselves. They’re also good for preventing inflammation, and can lower your cholesterol. Cruciferous vegetables are superfoods, some more than others, kale would seem to be more than others.
But this isn’t a health blog, it is a gardening blog, so lets talk about gardening.
I’ve grown cabbage, and it works, but critters get into it like crazy. Slugs, ground hogs, rabbits. When it gets damaged it ruins the head, and you have only 1 head per plant. Plus, cabbage is has a little less nutritional density compared to the other cruciferous vegetables, and it is really cheap at the store so why not just buy it? I always try to consider cost when planting something, since I have limited space, I want the most bang for my buck.
I’ve grown brocolli, but it takes a long time to grow, needs sun,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 21.74881
Retrieved Text: Everything looks great so far, and the rutabagas look fine to me. Though I am by no means an expert -- I had one good year with them, then the bed they were planted in 2nd time got club foot. Soooo disappointing! I sowed the last of the seeds this spring, just to get rid of them and I have one nice one growing in a raised bed, and a handful of tattered looking ones in another bed.
Do you not get the typical crucifer/brassica pests? Cabbage whites even? They love rutabagas and turnips as well as the usual cauliflower, broccoli, cabbage, etc. etc. Here, now that it's gotten hot, the cross-backs are all over the remaining broccoli and kale, and even a harlequin bug has made an appearance (a bit early, if you ask me) ugh and double ugh! -- basically time to pull the plug on most of them and make way for something else.
I honestly had to google all of them just now. I have ben told by a few gardeners (in my area) that we do get a blue butterfly or moth that lays eggs in the cabbage, and that caterpillars can be an issue, but more the blue butterfly/ moth. I do have a cloth cover purchased to spread over the cabbage beds.
I have never seen any of the rest. I do have a few small signs of something munching on cabbage leaves and broccoli leaves, but I don't see anything in the beds or on the cabbages, aside from some small

########
Rank: 24
Score: 21.737047
Retrieved Text: Cabbages of late varieties are grown, as a rule, in the open ground. Despite the fact that this method is distinguished by its simplicity and is understandable to many, nevertheless, there are nuances about which it is necessary to know. Otherwise, when growing cabbage, you can fail. The method has similarities with the cultivation of cabbage by means of seedlings. However, the process itself is not in the greenhouse, but in the open ground, where the conditions are not too favorable. Damage to plants can cause drought, weeds, as well as cooling and pests.
The seedless way of growing cabbage is that in spring the seeds are sown in the open ground. Before sowing the site is well loosened, all weeds are carefully removed. Seeding of seeds should be carried out to a depth of 2,5-3 cm.
Cultivation of cabbage in the open ground requires increased attention after the appearance of the first shoots - it is at this time that a critical moment comes. The thing is that immediately after the emergence of shoots they can attack the fleas and destroy them in just a few hours. How can you protect small plants? It all depends on the weather. You can use a variety of ways to protect seedlings. The simplest is to regularly inspect the shoots. Once you notice holes in the leaves on the plants, start acting. It should be treated with ashes. If the weather is dry, then ashes will not hold. Therefore, before carrying out such treatment, it is necessary to water the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 21.679102
Retrieved Text: I used to be intimidated about growing cabbage. If I started it in the spring, what if it didn’t head up and just bolted? Is it too hot in the summer? Will cabbage worms destroy my crop if I grow it in the fall? I tried growing just a few plants once when I lived in an apartment, and it took an entire year to mature, and after a cold winter, aphids, cabbage worms, and a couple of plants that bolted early, I ended up with just one small head. It just didn’t seem worth the work. But my sister (who lives in Arkansas where the weather is much hotter) was always bragging about her giant heads of cabbage, so I figured I would give it another try once I had a big, sunny garden space to work with.
This is our third fall to grow cabbages at the homestead, and I was surprised how easy it is to grow big, beautiful heads! Of course, there are always challenges. For example, last fall we experienced some issues with rot due to some late hot weather, and the year before, I planted a bit too late, so they didn’t head up until December and I had to do a lot of work to keep them safe from freezing temperatures for a couple of months as they tightened up. While I can’t control the weather, I’m starting them nice and early this year, and hoping for a good crop – and lots of delicious kimchi and sauerkraut for our

########
Rank: 26
Score: 21.6591
Retrieved Text: What are ornamental cabbage and kale? Ornamental cabbage and kale (also known as “flowering” cabbage and kale) are in the same species (Brassica oleracea) as edible cabbage, broccoli, and cauliflower. While ornamental cabbage and kale are edible, they tend to have a bitter flavor and are often used in a culinary setting as garnishes. Ornamental cabbage and kale are prized primarily as colorful additions to home gardens where they are grown for their large rosettes of white, pink, purple or red leaves. Technically, ornamental cabbage and kale are all kales (kales produce leaves in a tight rosettes; cabbages produce heads). But in the horticultural trade, ornamental kale is the term used for types with deeply-cut, curly, frilly or ruffled leaves. Ornamental cabbage is the term used for types with broad, flat leaves that are edged in a contrasting color. Ornamental cabbage and kale grow approximately one foot wide and 15 inches tall. There are many cultivars that are commercially available.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 21.552248
Retrieved Text: Rhubarb is an herbaceous perennial plant which grows from thick and short rhizomes. These plants are considered as fruits in the United States also acknowledge by Must4care.These plants can be cooked as main dishes and also consumed as deserts. Consumption of this particular plant helps the body fight diabetes. It stimulates the secretion of growth hormones in the body thus helping it grow taller.
Collard green is a part of the Acephalous group mainly found in the United States, Brazil and Portugal. These are very nutritional plants. It contains vitamin C, vitamin K, soluble fiber and some anti-cancer properties. Consuming these also helps in increasing height.
Must4care review that spinach is a green edible vegetable diet which is found mostly in the southern parts of Asia. It is very nutritional and contains calcium, vitamins, iron and fibers that are essential for the proper functioning of the body. These nutrients are also important for proper growth of the body.
Turnips are grown mostly in the temperate regions of the world but nowadays they are found worldwide. This pretty vegetable diet contains vitamins, fibers, proteins, fat and cholesterol. Turnip helps in maintaining the regular secretion of growth hormones in the body which in turn help increase hectoring.
Okra is a flowering plant. The common names for okra are lady’s fingers, gumbo or behind. The vegetable diet of this plant is very gooey that functions as a laxative. It is very nutritional and contains vitamins, minerals, carbohydrates, water and fibers. These nutrients work to coax the growth hormones in the body out of

########
Rank: 28
Score: 21.540636
Retrieved Text: Today marks the first day of spring — the time of year when many of us start to think about gardening. Of course, I always make sure to include some plants in my garden and around the patio to keep away all those pesky bugs.
Additionally, many of these plants also have medicinal benefits.
Perhaps best of all, plants and herbs don’t pollute the environment or pose a threat to your heath as do commercial pesticides, insecticides, and repellants.
Allium is the flowering form of garlic and onion. And it will help keep pests like aphids, cabbage worms, and slugs out of your garden. Their beautiful flowers are also quite decorative.
You should also let any wild onion plants that appear grow in your garden and in your lawn. As an added bonus, when you cut the grass, you’ll smell their fragrant aroma.
This popular Mediterranean herb will help keep away houseflies and mosquitos. You can grow basil in the garden and in pots inside or outside your home. I typically place pots of basil near doors and outdoor patio areas.
Both Citronella (Cymbopogon nardus) and lemongrass (Cymbopogon citratus) belong to the Poaceae family of grasses. And they both repel mosquitos when planted in a pot or in the ground.
To make commercial insect repellants and other products, manufacturers extract oils from the plants’ leaves. But I’d advise just planting these grasses, or using the oils, instead of a commercial product.
In the U.S., lemongrass only grows naturally in South Florida. But during the spring and summer, you can grow it in the ground

########
Rank: 29
Score: 21.46291
Retrieved Text: Brassica’s are a very interesting family of vegetables. Personally I love them! I would guess we eat more out of this group than any other. This too has a few sub categories; Cabbages, Stems and Buds, and Leafy.
Cabbages sounds a bit straight forward, but this also includes Brussels Sprouts. I usually start cabbage indoors in February then transplant outside late spring. This doesn’t always work the best for me but I try every year anyway. I start the second planting in late May to early June in a spot where I can protect it some until July. This tends to give me a better harvest.
Cabbage needs a fair amount of space; like 3 foot rows for most varieties. Planting them close together works if you would like a few heads that are small (baseball/softball size). Pull the thinnings and leave the others to grow into full size heads. You can get a second crop of small heads if you cut the mature head just above the root and continue to water them. Up to 4 small heads will form from one stem.
If you’ve ever tried to grow cabbage you most likely have met the little critters that come with them. The first time I tried to grow cabbage at our last house I had the best crop of cabbage moths you’ve ever seen! There are a few remedies that will keep the pests at bay. If you prefer the dusting method, a light sprinkling of cayenne pepper or white flour works. Planting fragrant plants close to

================



======= Instance Index 7 =========
Input Text: A frog, in winter, will burrow itself into soft mud, until it freezes, then in the spring

Which is the correct answer?
- it melts, because it is warm-blooded
- it unfreezes, because it is cold-blooded
- it remains frozen until it dies
- it dies, because it is warm-blooded

Target Text: it unfreezes, because it is cold-blooded

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 41.185173
Retrieved Text: Listen to the sound of the Spring Peeper and Wood Frog!
The wood frog, which literally freezes its body, comes back from the dead. The spring peeper calls out the end of winter. Learn all about our fascinating frog friends—and listen to their sound!
Every year, the wood frog comes back from the dead. Not in the sense that it appears again after a long absence. In the most literal one: an inanimate, mostly frozen object, which has ceased to function, is suddenly resuscitated into being.
How does a wood frog make it through a frigid northern winter? No fur like the bear, no feathers like the owl, no warm blood of the squirrel, cozy in its nest. No burrow deep in the mud, where the box turtle’s pulse slows to one beat every few minutes. And no shivering like the man on his spring log, listening to the wood frogs wake up. The frogs haven’t shivered all winter: their defense against the cold is having no defenses.
Wood frogs (Lithobates sylvaticus) are native to much of the northeastern U.S. and most of Canada, west to Alaska. They endure sub-zero temperatures by going sub-zero themselves, shutting down almost all bodily functions. More than half of the frog’s blood and other liquids may turn to solid ice for weeks at a time. The frog’s urea acts as a kind of antifreeze to prevent permanent damage to body structures. By raising levels of glucose more than a hundredfold, individual cells keep themselves from breaking down internally, each one a kind of pilot

########
Rank: 1
Score: 41.031574
Retrieved Text: In an Australian Reptile Park first, a species considered “Vulnerable” on the IUCN’s Red List of Threatened Species has moved in and made the Australian Reptile Park its home. Six male red crowned toadlets have been discovered in the Park’s artificial frog pond, which was constructed in 2009 with the purpose of providing a home for frogs native to the area. The red crowned toadlet is a small species, reaching only 30mm in length and is characterised by the red “T” shaped mark on its head.
The species is usually found in the Sydney sandstone basin which is one of the most populated places in Australia, which has contributed heavily to the species demise. Another reason for the species “Vulnerable” status is the Chytrid fungus. The fungus attacks the parts of a frog’s skin that have keratin in them. Since frogs use their skin in respiration, this makes it difficult for the frog to breathe. The fungus also damages the nervous system, affecting the frog’s behaviour.
Interestingly, the red crowned toadlet is in the same family as of one of Australia’s most endangered frogs – the Corroboree frog. This family of frogs have a very interesting behavioural trait in which the male digs a little u-shaped burrow in the ground with his hind legs near a suitable water source. The female will come and find the male in the Winter, mate and then leaves the male while her eggs are fertalising. She will then return to the burrow to lay her eggs, but then she leaves again making

########
Rank: 2
Score: 39.738155
Retrieved Text: A chorus of male wood frogs “quacking” for potential mates is a sure sign of spring. Every year western toads and long-toed salamanders join wood frogs to breed in Maxwell Lake, often while some ice is still present. Adults of all three species enter the shallows to court and mate. After eggs are laid adults live in the forest up to one kilometre away from water feeding on insects and other invertebrates.
None of these species remain in the lake over the winter. In late fall salamanders and toads burrow down below the frost line for the winter. Amazingly, wood frogs are able to freeze solid and often spend the winter under logs or other ground cover. Wood frog eggs are in globular clusters, western toad eggs are in long strings and long-toed salamander eggs are singly glued to underwater vegetation. Salamander eggs are larger than frog or toad eggs.
Within 3 weeks, frog and toad eggs hatch into tadpoles and salamander eggs hatch into larvae. By August a process called metamorphosis transforms the young into adult form. These small versions of their parents then leave the water and live a terrestrial (i.e. dry ground) lifestyle. Long-toed salamanders from the same pond can look quite different and can live up to 10 years.
The terrestrial habitat around Maxwell Lake is just as important for this amphibian population as the pond itself since 90% of their time is spent in the adjacent forest.
The introduction of fish into a fishless pond can wipe out an amphibian population that uses that pond

########
Rank: 3
Score: 37.187244
Retrieved Text: While reporting a story about land use and wildlife habitat, I collected some interesting tidbits about a frog’s life.
The upper Midwest is a harsh climate for amphibians, so we don’t have the variety of species you’ll find in warmer climes. But the frogs that are here have evolved some rather interesting survival tactics.
The Leopard frog spends winters hibernating at the bottom of a pool of water. Hopefully they choose wisely, because if the pond or wetland is too shallow and freezes solid, the frog won’t survive.
Other frog species spend the winter frozen, then thaw out and hop away in the spring.
The Boreal Chorus frog and the Wood frog spend winters out of the water, usually under grasses near a wetland. They transport sugars from their liver to individual cells to create a kind of anti-freeze so the cells don’t freeze and burst, which would kill the frog.
So they spend the winter essentially frozen in place with all bodily functions suspended.
Climate change and human intervention are helping a new frog hop into Minnesota and the Dakotas.
The American Bullfrog is now found only in the far southeast corner of Minnesota. But with a warming climate it’s expected to move north. And people sometimes buy the frogs for backyard ponds and unknowingly release a species that could threaten our native frog population and take over wetlands.
I think I’d much prefer falling asleep to the sound of Boreal Chorus frogs.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 36.471397
Retrieved Text: It’s official. I’m declaring the start of the 2014 Mud Season as Wednesday, March 12. Mud season is the season between winter and spring when the ground is saturated, the rain keeps coming, and nothing is yet growing and able to soak up the excess moisture. Mud season doesn’t have an official beginning or length. We may get brief respites through periodic freezes and dry spells but it won’t completely end until the grass, trees, and other plants turn green and bloom and are able to again drink of the earth. I knew this season was official when I lost a boot in mud several inches deep and the animals were slogging through as if it were the La Brea Tar Pits.
We will be at the Farm to Fork Market at Normandy Farms on Saturday, March 15. We have pastured pork, pastured chicken, and plenty of eggs. Betsy’s Kitchen will be bringing Paleo Almond Delight Power Bars, Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip Granola Bars, Cinnamon Raisin Granola Bars, and Cinnamon Nut Granola.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 36.20938
Retrieved Text: In a tiny forest, next to a tiny pond, lived a tiny frog.
An early frost had killed the rest of his spawn-brothers, and when the lone tadpole-with-legs wriggled out of the tiny pond the other frogs were much dismayed. The Greenlord, in a fit of classical allusion, dubbed the newborn “Schadenfreude”.
The tiny almost-frog nosed forward in the mud. If its eyes could see it’s first view would have been a thunderstorm. If it’s ears could hear it’s first sound would have been the distressed wailing of the other frogs.
However, his eyes were not quite formed yet, and his ears were filled to the brim with pondscum – so, he didn’t see the storm, he didn’t hear the wailing. Schad’s only memory of his wriggle-day was a taste. Quite by accident, his nubby mouth clomped onto a fallen blackberry. It popped in his mouth and exploded with purple-sweet, a riot of spring.
And so, despite the bleakest of omens and the most dire of beginnings — Schad hopped into the world with a vague, unformed idea that the world was wonderful.
Despite all that he learned afterwards, and much effort to convince him of the contrary – the tiny frog never abandoned this precept.
When the older frogs pushed him down, and took the juiciest mosquitos for themselves — he would swim to the quiet bank by the willows, and make up silly songs about water and hedgehogs.
When the summer grew hot, and the pond nearly dried up — he took great delight in building castles from the cracked, drying

########
Rank: 6
Score: 35.959892
Retrieved Text: Another Maine winter settles in. Lead gray skies, slick doorsteps and whitened landscapes. Short, chill days and long, dark nights. The now familiar scent in the air of yet another snowstorm just over the horizon. It's the time of year when some folks load up the woodstove, grab the remote and settle back into the recliner until spring.
Maine snowmobilers have been waiting a long time for this winter - ever since last year's snow disappeared into mud season with the spring. And they've been busy, talking with landowners, preparing trail signage, building snowmobile bridges, brushing trail.
When the ground finally freezes and the trails begin to fill with snow, the groomer operators head out across the state's trails to smooth the way for the thousands of snowmobilers to follow.
You're welcome to join them! Maine's snowmobile trail system allows winter riders to visit locations that many are not privileged to access at any time of year. There are thousands of miles to explore! Along the way you'll find businesses waiting to serve you, Maine Snowmobile Association (MSA) clubs keeping the trails in shape, and a schedule of winter events to entertain you.
Snowmobile Maine. Ride Right. Enjoy.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 35.136696
Retrieved Text: Freezing winter temperatures introduce a new danger to sloppy horse paddock mud. In soft mud, horse hooves create endless deep, narrow holes surrounded by small mud mountains. When the mud freezes, these peaks and valleys harden to become a hazard to your horse and a major hardship for farm maintenance.
Mud peaks are hazardous for horses.
Hard, uneven ground can bruise the frog or sole of your horse’s hoof.
Tripping or knocking on peaks can chip or crack the hoof wall.
Hoof injuries from hard, rough footing often lead to abscess, which can escalate to more serious internal infection.
Your horse can misstep, trip, and even fall on the frozen terrain. The resulting pulls, sprains, and fractures are painful for the horse and expensive for you.
Horse Paddock Mud peaks are a hardship for farm maintenance.
Pitchfork tines break when they snag in jagged mud-ice.
Wheelbarrows stick and sometimes spill on uneven ground.
You leave behind manure that has sunk into the pits.
Also, walking on peaks and valleys isn’t just a hazard to horses; people on your farm can trip, fall, and hurt themselves as well.
Prevention is the key to keeping your horse safe from mud-peak injuries. Eliminating mud and creating an even, but not slippery, paddock surface before the ground hardens is crucial if you want to create a safe and enjoyable outdoor winter living area for your horse. In most regions, it’s not too late: Install a reliable horse paddock mud management solution on a sunny day when the temperature rises above freezing and the ground softens enough to be workable. Improving farm

########
Rank: 8
Score: 34.53485
Retrieved Text: After a fairly depressing few days (weeks) of battling with teenagers, I couldn’t bring myself to blog about teaching this week.
Having said that, however, this morning I was at a really inspiring assembly about reading. Yes, really. And it got me thinking about where my love of all things literary came from, stories particularly. As a child, I always looked forward to bedtime stories (my love of sleep was also present from an early age), and the ones my Dad told were spectacular. He created his own stories, based around the life of a character called Freddy – a frog who lived in the pond at the bottom of our garden, had a racing driver for an uncle, and whose favourite snacks were chocolate covered flies or crispy lily pads.
Therefore, in honour of my dad – and the memory of Freddy the Frog cheering up a horrible week – here are my top ten facts about frogs. Ribbit.
Certain frogs can jump up to 20 times their own body length in a single leap.
Frog bones form a new ring every year when the frog is hibernating, just like trees do. Scientists can count these rings to discover the age of the frog.
One type of desert frog can wait as long as seven years for water by surrounding itself in a type of transparent bag that becomes its first meal once the rain comes.
The golden dart frog is the most poisonous frog on earth and the skin of one frog could kill up to 1,000 people. a single

########
Rank: 9
Score: 34.277767
Retrieved Text: I am a winter enthusiast. Yes. But it has been a tad cold this year in Minnesota, and ever-so icy, and wonderfully snowy…and now we are all dreaming of Spring. It is not here yet, but we can Anticipate!
Adorable Mole has awakened, and with a sniffle-snuffle he knows: Spring has arrived! Yippee!
…Bear is sound asleep. He snores on and on. What can Mole possibly do to wake him up and share the joy of Springtime?
Charming story with such warm, happy pictures, for reading again and again with kids barely-two and up. Mole and Bear’s adventures continue in Kite Day, which is just as sweet and springlike.
The music of frogs is a cheerful, springtime sound. I love hearing them in the ponds near our house.
But do you have any notion of the amazing variety of frogs and songs there are around the world? This gorgeous book spotlights 11 frogs, from Canada to Australia, from the brilliant Strawberry Poison Dart Frog to the whimsically-named Scarlet-sided Pobblebonk.
Just a few descriptive lines describe the unique habits of each of these wonders, making this an ideal book for ages 4 or 5 and up.
Gennady Spirin is an astonishing artist, and he has completely outdone himself with these stunning paintings. Can a frog be ravishing? Spirin has made them so. It’s one of the most beautiful books you’ll see.
Brief cameos of each frog with additional facts about their range and size are included in the end pages, plus a short note about the dangers frogs face from environmental degradation and a listing

########
Rank: 10
Score: 34.057438
Retrieved Text: Landscaping companies demonstrate the importance of preparing plants for winter. If you want your plants to enjoy robust growth when warm weather comes, prepare them amply for winter.
The biggest mistake you could make is to leave your plants at the mercy of the weather. Then you could find out just how merciless Mother Nature can be!
As one of the top landscape maintenance services in southwest Louisiana, TCLS has helped customers prepare their plants for years.
You can do several things to ensure that come spring, your shrubs, trees, perennial plants and lawn will be healthy and blooming.
Why prepare your plants for winter?
We are to help you. We offer grass cutting services to our customers in Southwest Louisiana. We also help them to preserve their plants through winter. The main reason for preparing plants for winter is so that their roots can establish themselves more firmly. Healthy roots mean a healthier bloom in spring.
When the soil freezes, it still needs to process the organic matter needed by the plants. Freezing is like insulating the soil and it encourages the processing of important organic matter.
This depends on the types of plants that you have. All plants, including the trees need to be prepared for winter. However, you should start with the preparation of the garden itself.
Continue watering during winter so that your plants have enough moisture to see them through the cold spell.
Pull out all the weeds. You do not want them seeding as that would cause a weed problem in spring.
Mulching is very important for the preservation of

########
Rank: 11
Score: 34.0426
Retrieved Text: Frogs and toads are cold-blooded vertebrates. The colour of frogs varies. Generally, frogs are brown, light brown or olive green. The underside of frogs is generally white, and at the tops of their legs they are often yellow.
The frog normally spawns in April but in Lapland not until June. Males wait for females in the spawning grounds in large groups, and they attract them by croaking. In frogspawn, there is a transparent jelly that surrounds the eggs and acts like a small greenhouse. The black core warms up during the daytime in the sun, and the blanket of jelly provides insulation and stops heat from escaping. A frog will lay 1,500-3,000 eggs at a time. The eggs develop into larvae, which are called tadpoles. Initially, the tadpoles have gills, but gradually they metamorphose so that they ultimately breathe using lungs. During metamorphosis, the frogs develop hind legs first.
The female frog is often larger than the male. Frogs are generally 5-9 cm long, seldom more. They spend the winter in hibernation in the mud at the bottom of ditches, lakes and bays. Some individuals also hibernate on dry land or in other drier places. Often on a good winter site you can find dozens, if not hundreds, of individuals. During hibernation, frogs move every now and then. Frogs are at their most active when it is dark. They are common across the whole of Finland, but they have become rarer in recent years due to the loss of wetlands. The European common frog is a protected species.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 33.775494
Retrieved Text: Biting winds and frosty mornings give warning to wrap up planting and tackle outdoor chores before winter arrives.
Invest time in tidying the garden before the snow flies. Time spent outdoors now pays big dividends in spring. You’ll not only shorten your to-do list, you’ll also ward off some pest and disease problems.
Pull annuals and add them to the compost pile. For annuals that self-seed, allow seed-laden stems to remain in place through winter unless you plan to sprinkle them elsewhere in the garden.
Store breakable items, like terra-cotta pots, rain gauges, and other garden artbefore hard freezes settle in. Terra-cotta overwinters fine in an unheated shed or garage. Make sure pots and saucers are dry before storage.
Fall can be a great time to cut back your perennials if you’ve got the time and energy to get it done. Make sure to leave 2-3 inches of the plant’s stem to help protect fresh shoots from animal damage as they first emerge in the spring. It’s also a helpful reminder of where plants are in the yard before they start to sprout.
Consider leaving some perennials like coneflower, black-eyed Susan and tall sedums standing. They add interest to the winter garden both by their structure and by attracting birds to their seed heads.
Ornamental grasses should be left standing to protect their crown from a harsh winter.
Keep water gardens covered with a net until gusty fall winds have settled down and leaves aren’t blowing around.
Pull stakes and plant supports. Store where they’ll freeze to help destroy overwintering pests and diseases.
Test Garden

########
Rank: 13
Score: 33.2329
Retrieved Text: Has the characteristic features of lampreys, a round mouth and teeth arranged in a circle, but this species is non- parasitic.
Small (9-16 cm long) and is easily confused with other native lampreys.
Upper body dark grey or brown and the sides are grey or silver.
End of the tail dark grey or black and the base of the dorsal fin is tan. The dorsal fin is continuous, not divided into two distinct fins and the caudal fin is oval.
Eyes are bluish and there is single nostril between the eyes.
The ammocoetes (larvae) feed on diatoms and protozoan.
Adults spawn in gravely riffles and then die. Individuals can lay over 1,000 eggs.
In two to four weeks the eggs hatch into a larval stage called ammocoetes. Ammocetes then burrow into soft mud and spend from five to seven years growing in their larval burrows. The length of ammocete life is difficult to determine and probably variable depending on location and food availability. Then, they change into an immature adult stage which lasts over winter. They develop sexual maturity quickly, emerge from the mud and disperse as adults to the spawning grounds.
Adults never feed and live for about a year before dying.
As indicated by its common name, this species lives in small rivers, particularly clean headwaters of creeks and small rivers with coarse gravel to rock bottoms.
Other threats include water drawdown and siltation.
General prohibition relating to the destruction or harmful alteration of fish habitat as outlined in the Federal Fisheries Act.
Due to its small size, secretive life-style and non-parasitic nature, this species has

########
Rank: 14
Score: 32.97819
Retrieved Text: Wood frogs such as this one pictured in Westborough, need vernal pools to breed.
Editor's Note: Starting with this week's issue, Annie Reid and Garry Kessler will write a bi-monthly column for the News on behalf of the Westborough Community Land Trust .
If you walk in the woods in late March or early April and happen to pass near some wet areas, you might hear a loud quacking. Ducks in the woods? No, you're probably hearing wood frogs (Rana sylvatica) announcing their breeding place and season.
If you follow the sound and happen to spot a wood frog, note the dark raccoon-like mask around the eyes.
These hearty frogs spend the winter partly frozen, buried in mud and dead leaves. Wood frogs survive thanks to a kind of antifreeze that their bodies produce as soon as ice begins to form on their skin. In early spring they emerge and make their way to the vernal pools that dot the New England woodlands. They hop right in, even when chunks of ice still float on the water.
Vernal pools, or spring pools, are landlocked pockets of standing water that appear in low places in the woods in winter and spring and then gradually dry up throughout the summer until they're gone. While they last, vernal pools are wonderful breeding places for a treasure trove of creatures--certain insects, frogs, and salamanders--whose young mature in the vanishing waters.
Because they dry up, vernal pools usually don't have fish, which would feed on the eggs, tadpoles, and other larvae. Wood frogs are one of the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 32.976116
Retrieved Text: New Board members are elected! Please welcome new board MEMBERS and REMEMBER to reach out and share your ideas with them THROUGHOUT the year.
Next Forum is Wednesday February 6 and the REI in Bloomington. Rehtt Johnson will be teaching us about Grass ID as we start to prep (dream) about the upcoming field season. Cookies, coffee, and conversation begins at 2pm followed by the presentation and discussion from 2:30-4:30pm. Hope to see you there!!
It is Freezing outside! It was so cold this week that MN recorded colder temperatures than Antarctica! So what are wetland animals like frogs and toads doing to survive during our sometimes harsh winter months? Likely they are underground, underwater, or are temporarily frogcicles.
Green frogs, leopard frogs, mink frogs, and pickerel frogs often hibernate in the water; typically selecting larger/deeper ponds or flowing streams for their winter habitat. As long as the water remains unfrozen, so does the frog. Because very cold water holds more oxygen than warm water the frogs are able to absorb enough oxygen to survive through their skin. It is likely they nestle in among rocks, roots, and logs and near moving water to ride out the winter in a torpid state.
Toads like the American and Great Plains toads hibernate in upland areas. They will dig burrows below the frost line to avoid dangerous temperatures. This means the little guys dig about three feet down to their winter resting place! The too will enter a torpid state until spring.
Wood frogs, tree frogs, chorus frogs, and spring peepers hibernate under

########
Rank: 16
Score: 32.550323
Retrieved Text: How Do Fish Survive When a Pond Freezes?
Fish that live in a pond are able to survive the winter when the pond freezes because of how they are able to adapt to the drastic changes. When a pond freezes, it never freezes solid. Even when the temperatures drop to well below zero, only so much ice will form on a pond, leaving water beneath it that is about 34 to 40 degrees Fahrenheit in temperature. While people cannot survive in such cold conditions for more than minutes because their body temperature would fall rapidly, fish are able to live in water this cold since they are what is known as ectothermic. This means that fish do not control the temperatures of their body; it will be very close to the temperature of the surrounding water. The common term used to describe this is that fish are "cold-blooded."
The metabolic rate of a fish swimming beneath a layer of thick ice in a pond drops well below what it would be in the summer months. As the water grows colder the core temperature of the fish drops as well. Fish slow down in their activity and are not as quick as they are when the water is much warmer. The energy the fish needs to survive is far less in the cold, which is a good thing since there is not the abundance of food available to a fish in the winter under the ice that there is in the summer. Some species that would be found in

########
Rank: 17
Score: 32.548885
Retrieved Text: This early morning celebration has become a tradition in the United States celebrated every February 2nd (and thanks to the popularity of the Bill Murray Groundhog Day film).
If it is cloudy when a groundhog emerges from its burrow on this day, then the spring season will arrive early, some time before the vernal equinox.
If it is sunny, the groundhog will supposedly see its shadow and retreat back into its den, and winter weather will persist for six more weeks.
This entry was posted in february, Graphic Design, Illustration, Jessica Haas Designs' Work and tagged bill murray groundhog film, February 2 2017, groundhog day, groundhog gif, no shadow spring, shadow winter. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 32.531452
Retrieved Text: GROUNDHOG DAY is Saturday, February 2!
I simply couldn’t resist … so sorry for those of you who are freezing… but here it goes!
What does that mean to you? Well, let’s look into the history of Groundhog Day from Wikipedia.
Groundhog Day 2005 in Punxsutawney, Pennsylvania, U.S.
Groundhog Day (Pennsylvania German: Grund’sau dåk, Grundsaudaag, Grundsow Dawg, Murmeltiertag; Nova Scotia: Daks Day) is a popular tradition celebrated in the United States and Canada on February 2. It derives from the Pennsylvania Dutchsuperstition that if a groundhog (Deitsch: Grundsau, Grunddax, Dax) emerging from its burrow on this day sees a shadow due to clear weather, it will retreat to its den and winter will persist for six more weeks, and if it does not see its shadow because of cloudiness, spring will arrive early. While the tradition remains popular in modern times, studies have found no consistent correlation between a groundhog seeing its shadow or not and the subsequent arrival time of spring-like weather.
I think this year in particular there is NO CORRELATION BETWEEN THE GROUONDHOG SEEING ITS SHADOW OR NOT AND THE SUBSEQUENT ARRIVAL OF SPRING!
What do you think? Do you honestly think he’s going back into this burrow for (at least) 6 more weeks or is he going to come out and freeze his little bottom?
And what about those people who wake him up! Surely they are going to be dressed in their winter coats and boots,then wake up the little guy from a sound sleep and expect him to be a happy camper? No way!
and then spring-time flowers

########
Rank: 19
Score: 32.51406
Retrieved Text: With winter abating across most of the US, many cyclists are rousing their mountain bikes from hibernation to take advantage of snow-free trails. But because of the way freeze-thaw cycles work, now might be too soon to start riding.
Although winter riding has its challenges (staying warm on a ride and proper gear selection, notably), you rarely have to worry about damaging a trail when it’s frozen solid. But when the mercury finally reaches the low 30s or higher, some caution is in order. Freeze-thaw cycles—through which the ground rids itself of winter moisture—can be the most frustrating aspect of late winter/early spring mountain biking: Interrupting them can delay drying of the soil, and ruin the quality of trails.
Freeze-thaw is Nature’s way of rejuvinating trails you’ve spent months tamping down with your bike tires. Moisture in the ground expands as it freezes, which loosens up dirt. In colder weather, the ground can go through multiple freeze-thaw cycles, each one releasing moisture from the dirt and uncompacting the soil a little bit more. That’s why there’s often a thin layer of sloppy mud on top of still-frozen dirt as the temperature finally sneaks past 32 degrees, says Paul Arlinghaus, a trailbuilder with the Hoosier Mountain Bike Association.
Compaction is good for trails. The more solid the trails, the less your tires will sink into the dirt, and the easier they'll roll—meaning you'll be able to shred singletrack faster. When the soil is compacted, less water will be absorbed into it, which means you're able to ride relatively soon after

########
Rank: 20
Score: 31.996874
Retrieved Text: Mudflats may appear desolate to the naked eye, but there's a wealth of activity just below the surface. These areas of mud or sandy mud, which line thousands of miles of Chesapeake Bay shoreline, are hiding a rich variety of life.
Also known as intertidal flats, mudflats are the stinky result of fine sediments combining with organic matter, water saturation and bacterial influence. They’re affected by the rise and fall of the tide, creating various microhabitats as they’re submerged and exposed.
Though much of this ecosystem’s activity is hidden from view, you’ve probably seen evidence of its inhabitants if you’ve ever stepped foot onto its soft and slimy surface.
The tiny holes commonly found in mudflats are likely the work of an invertebrate like the fiddler crab. This animal digs burrows along the higher intertidal zones, emerging at low tide to snack on detritus and microalgae. When the tide rises once again, it creeps back into its burrow and plugs it, sealing itself inside, safe from predators.
Where you find fish, you’ll find birds. If you’re lucky, you’ll spot one of these majestic birds wading in the water. Their presence is a sign of life in the shallows—they’re waiting patiently to grab their next meal. Fish, insects, frogs, crabs and even mice contribute to the great blue heron’s diet.
Visitors to the Bay have a good chance of stumbling upon a discarded crab shell while combing the shoreline. There’s a reason they end up there. Blue crabs wait for the tide to rise, and then move into the mudflat’s safe, shallow

########
Rank: 21
Score: 31.920322
Retrieved Text: Greg Judy has great tips for getting through mud season so that your cattle are well-fed and your pastures are healthy and ready for the summer.
This week marks the beginning of Spring. It’s the time when we start seeing a tinge of green grass poking its baby head up. Middle of March is also the normal time to have tons of mud to deal with. The frost is out of the ground, snow is mostly melted and the grass is barely growing. It’s this excess moisture that can turn your pastures into a mud lot if you are not careful with your livestock grazing management.
You have several strategies at your disposal to keep from destroying your future spring pastures during this period. The most common method is to have a sacrifice lot to put your animals in while the ground is soft. You feed hay in this mud lot until it is safe to return your animals to the pasture. This method has both good and bad outcomes attached to it. The good is that your animals are not allowed onto your pastures which could leave pug marks and compactions issues.
The bad points attached to leaving them in a mud lot sacrifice area are numerous. First and foremost you are now working for your cows, having to pack hay to them. Second, now instead of having all your nutrients of manure and urine deposited evenly across your pastures, it is all being deposited in a mud lot. What was an asset, now becomes a liability. When

########
Rank: 22
Score: 31.892815
Retrieved Text: Spring has its own rhythm. Life has its own beat. And the music plays faster the farther north you go. Right now, the season seems slow in arriving. Cabin fever is epidemic as farmers ask, “Will spring ever come?” But by the end of March, at least in Vermont, there’s a full hour’s more sunshine between dawn and dusk than at the beginning of the month. By April’s finale, we’ll be enjoying fourteen-hour days, with sunlight to spare, warming the soil and rousing the worms, who need a ground temperature of three degrees above freezing to come out of hiding and bring the robins along. Sunrise comes earlier, night falls later with each degree of latitude. For those of us in the North Country the darkness of December will eventually get repaid with interest . . . not because the world’s in perfect balance, but because it’s not.
The reason we have seasons, and perhaps the reason we have life at all, is because the planet is tilted on its axis, at 23½ degrees. Fortunately, we inhabit a world that’s cockeyed, off center, more than slightly askew. Half of each year, we lean toward the sun; the other half, we’re tipped away. Twice annually, at the moments of the vernal and autumnal equinoxes, we’re precisely at the tipping point. At that brief instant, the days are getting neither longer nor shorter. Daylight and dark stand in absolute equilibrium. The rest of the time, however, change happens. Instability reigns. Nothing’s on the square.
If the planet were vertically centered,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 31.84832
Retrieved Text: Find the perfect location for your garden!
For bumper harvests, grow vegetables in a sunny, well-drained area. Fall is the best time to break new ground and enrich soil for spring planting. Organic amendments—such as compost, manure, and peat moss—have time to blend in over winter. With a spade or tiller, turn the earth to a depth of 8 to 10 inches before the ground freezes. The loose soil will dry more quickly in spring. If you are starting from scratch in the spring, follow the same procedure. Simply wait until the soil has dried out. To test whether soil is ready to work, squeeze some in your hand, then poke at the clump. If the clump breaks up easily into small crumbs, the soil is dry enough to till.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 31.802868
Retrieved Text: If I had to guess the political persuasion of Wilson’s Snipes, I would say most of them are probably Reaganites. While I generally dislike painting an entire species with such a broad brush, it’s obvious that Wilson’s Snipes are great believers in one of President Reagan’s favorite maxims: Trust, but verify. Snipes clearly trust that the Fill is a safe place to hang out during the fall, winter, and spring, but they constantly verify that no predators are about to pounce on them. They look up into the sky for enemies almost as much as they look down at the ground for food.
Wilson’s Snipes are freshwater shorebirds with short legs and Jimmy Durante beaks. They are arriving at the Fill now in numbers. Yesterday I found four in Hoyt’s Meadow. If you’re lucky, you may come upon one foraging on the mudbanks of the Lagoon, ponds, and Waterlily Cove of the Fill. Their favorite food is worms, crustaceans, and insects that burrow into mud. Snipes hunt by probing the soft mud with their long bills, which are loaded with sensitive nerves at the tips so they can feel out a likely morsel. Occasionally, snipes fly over to the prairies to pick at food or seeds they find on the ground.
Wilson’s Snipes are plump, tasty menu entrees for a variety of raptors that regularly come to the Fill, including Peregrine Falcons, Merlins, Cooper’s Hawks, and Sharp-shinned Hawks. I’m sure the local Red-tailed Hawks who usually prey on rats wouldn’t say no to a snipe if one were

########
Rank: 25
Score: 31.631252
Retrieved Text: Mud Daubers are named after their “nests” or brood chambers which they construct out of the mud. These clusters of mud are often attached to the walls of buildings. The females collect spiders which she stings and renders them paralyzed. She places them inside the mud chambers then deposits an egg on one of the spiders in each chamber before sealing it. When the larval wasp hatches, it feeds on the spiders provided, molting several times. It later pupates and transforms to an adult wasp which emerges from its mud chamber. They are usually yellow and black or predominately black with bands of yellow or white depending on species. Mud Daubers are usually 1 to 2 inches in length also depending on species and are “solitary” wasps, which do not have a nest and do not cooperate with others of their kind. The most common are the Organ-Pipe Mud Dauber, the Black and Yellow Mud Dauber and the Blue Mud Dauber. These wasps rarely sting people even when provoked.
This wasp is the most commonly encountered of the wasp family. It is often annoying us at BBQ’s, competing with us for our food and soft drinks. The Yellow Jacket Hornet is just as prevalent around homes and is often mistaken for the Umbrella Wasp. They are very similar in appearance and habits as well as having nearly identical nest sites. The “honeycomb” in appearance nest is constructed of cellulose material and saliva. It mostly resembles “paper” hence the name. They are constructed upside down and look like

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.615654
Retrieved Text: The weather was nice and the Board met on Tuesday. As you may recall, The Board provides guidance for both the Lipscomb County Historical Commission and the Wolf Creek Heritage Museum. This meeting the group set the dates for our quarterly meeting: April 16, July 16, and October 6 at 2 pm. The April meeting will be our annual meeting with 2014 reports will be given. The annual fundraiser will be held in October. The group also discuss the goals for 2015.
We still need student art from three of the school districts. We will be planning our February reception date and would like to have art from all of the schools.
Our calendar for exhibits is complete except for the fall: Sept/Oct/Nov. If you have an exhibit (paintings, sculptures, toys, trophies, etc.) give us a call.
Monday was groundhog day and the three groundhog that predict for us, two did not see their shadows and predict spring and one saw his shadow and predict six more weeks of winter.
The three groundhog live in Punxsutawney, Penn; Staten Island, New York; and Dunkirk, New York.
The folklore for this day states that if it is cloudy when a groundhog emerges from its burrow on this day, then spring will come early; if it is sunny, the groundhog will supposedly see its shadow and retreat back into its burrow, and the winter weather will persist for six more weeks.
With this poem and two of the three official groundhogs, we should be having an early Spring. Time will tell.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 31.40329
Retrieved Text: My Hubby has been a superstar the past couple of months. He’s rewired the entire barn, added outlets next to each stall, hooked up lights in each stall, and rewired the tack room with its own light and outlet.
No more motion activated light in the tack room which convienently goes out 15 seconds after I walk in. Yay!
We now have outlets to plug in the heated water buckets, and anything else I may need.
Plus, he replaced the motion activated light on the back deck of the house with a regular light, and fixed the light over the barn door.
We also had gravel brought in yesterday to try to tame this bog pit of a paddock. Hubby took the fencing down to allow the dump trucks to access the paddock.
You probably can’t tell from this picture, but the whole far side consists of a couple feet of the thickest, slimiest, nastiest muck I’ve ever seen. When it rains, the water just sits there turning it into a gooey mess. When it freezes, the muck turns into treacherous crevices and lumps. It’s rather ironic, really. The entire property is sand. Sand as deep as you can dig. Yet the paddock has the blackest, thickest muck I’ve ever seen outside of swamp land.
The entrances to each stalls has at least a 2 foot drop from the stall to the paddock ground.
We had 43 tons of gravel dropped off. At $5.60 a ton. Then we had to pay to have it delivered, which cost more than the gravel itself. Poor

########
Rank: 28
Score: 31.35958
Retrieved Text: Plant Firm Healthy Bulbs!Where? Drainage and Sunlight How Deep?When? Before October 15 Water — Absolutely Yes!Mulch after ground freezesWater & Fertilize during BloomingWater — Not in Sumertime!Water next Fall — Absolutely Yes!
Don't buy or plant any bulb that is soft or mushy. Local garden centers don't store their bulbs in ideal conditions and many bulbs will be soft on their shelves. Don't be tempted by markdowns; feel the bulbs for firmness.
Open mail-order bulbs immediately and provide cool air circulation until you can get them into the ground. Again, inspect bulbs for firmness immediately. Most reputable firms will either replace or give credit for soft bulbs, if notified within a day of receipt. See Sources.
Think twice before buying daffodil mixtures. They often contain varieties not hardy for Minnesota.
The Daffodil Society of Minnesota sells bulbs locally, offering newer varieties that aren't yet widely available commercially. See Calendar of Events for sale dates and locations.
Good drainage is a must for any bulb, but especially for daffodils in Minnesota. Avoid places where the snow is last to melt or are regularly the last to dry from summer rains. Avoid very heavy clay soils unless you can add granite grit and organic matter to improve drainage.
Daffodils can be planted under deciduous trees, since trees don't provide much shade until their leaves fill out, and daffodils are going dormant by then. Avoid trees with dense roots near the surface: maple, dogwood, and beech. Also avoid black walnut trees because of the juglone in their tissues. Evergreens are also poor choices, except on

########
Rank: 29
Score: 31.294184
Retrieved Text: A native of northern Europe, the midwife toad was introduced into a garden in Bedford at the end of the nineteenth century. It thrived and expanded in the locality and further colonies were started in Yorkshire, Worksop and south Devon. In addition, other colonies have arisen from escapees from captivity. The current status of most of these colonies is now unclear but it is safe to say that a number remain in the wild. Fortunately they do not appear to represent a significant competitive or predatorial threat to our native wildlife.
This is a small greyish toad, nocturnal in habit and preferring small ponds for breeding. The males have a call similar to a single bell-like tone - thus their other name; the Bell Toad. Their breeding habits are unusual. The spawn string contains a small number of eggs and immediately after fertilisation the male wraps it around his hind limbs and carries it around until the eggs are ready to hatch. It then visits a suitable pool where they hatch and swim away. The tadpoles grow exceptionally large, but the speed of growth is such that they often have to over-winter as tadpoles and metamorphose in the following spring.
These two frogs form an unusual species complex (which includes our native pool frog (Pelophylax lessonae) due not only to their close relationship but also the results of them inter-breeding.
The marsh frog was introduced in the mid thirties on the edge of Romney Marsh. It has since expanded throughout most of the marsh and much of the surrounding

================



======= Instance Index 8 =========
Input Text: Which describes the size of an object?

Which is the correct answer?
- It attracts all metals
- It is a sphere
- It is red and purple
- It holds 500 mL of water

Target Text: It holds 500 mL of water

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.643858
Retrieved Text: Hello ! All, This would be my first post for Cocos2D game development.
Using this post, I am going to describe following things.
To download Cocos2D framework click here.
Extract the downloaded Cocos2D framework.
Follow the steps as illustrated in image.
Create a window based on the size of device’s screen size.
Create an instance of viewController class.
Have an access to singleton object of CCDirector & then assign EAGLView’s instance’s reference to director.
Check whether ratina display is supported or not.
Set YES/NO to display frame numbers.
Assign EAGLView’s instance to viewController’s view.
Add ViewController’s view to window & make visible window.
Remove flicker if your game/application is supporting only landscape orientation.
Invoke the scene of HelloWorldLayer scene.
// 'scene' is an autorelease object.
// 'layer' is an autorelease object.
The comments within code describes the code. However, view following video to understand more precisely.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.495571
Retrieved Text: Composite image(s) over the processed (resized, extracted etc.) image.
The images to composite must be the same size or smaller than the processed image. If both top and left options are provided, they take precedence over gravity.
The blend option can be one of clear, source, over, in, out, atop, dest, dest-over, dest-in, dest-out, dest-atop, xor, add, saturate, multiply, screen, overlay, darken, lighten, colour-dodge, color-dodge, colour-burn,color-burn, hard-light, soft-light, difference, exclusion.
images.input (Buffer | String)? Buffer containing image data or String containing the path to an image file.
images.top Number? the pixel offset from the top edge.
images.left Number? the pixel offset from the left edge.
images.raw Object? describes overlay when using raw pixel data.
images.create Object? describes a blank overlay to be created.
images.create.background (String | Object)? parsed by the color module to extract values for red, green, blue and alpha.
// sharpened, with metadata, 90% quality WebP image data. Phew!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.194984
Retrieved Text: This post contains a line by line analysis of the structure of a sample PDF. I wrote it so that I could gain a better understanding of the PDF document. The example PDF is taken from a simpler explanation by Didier Stevens. The rest of the details are filled in by the Adobe PDF Specification. I must admit that much of this post is a gross plagiarism of the PDF Specification and I would describe it merely as a structural change so that a PDF can be explained line by line. There are a lot of topics concerning PDFs which I don't explain or reference because I intended this post only to explain this specific PDF and not all PDFs in general. I have two forms of the PDF available. They are the exact same file with different extensions. There is the PDF Version and the TXT Version. You should be able to edit these files with a basic text editor such as notepad. The PDF is delicate and relies heavily on byte-offsets, so you should be sure to check the values in your cross-reference table and trailer if you decide to edit the file.
A body containing the hierarchical objects that make up the document contained in the file.
A trailer giving the location of the cross reference table.
An example of a PDF is given below.
Lets break the PDF down into sections and explain them a little bit more.
This is the one line header section and all it does is declare the file as a PDF file

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.190344
Retrieved Text: The paper describes new algorithms proposed for the granular pattern recognition system that retrieves an image from a collection of color digital pictures based on the knowledge contained in the object information granule (OIG). The algorithms use the granulation approach that employs fuzzy and rough granules. The information granules present knowledge concerning attributes of the object to be recognized. Different problems are considered depending on the full or partial knowledge where attributes are “color”, “location”, “size”, “shape”.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.909607
Retrieved Text: The topological dimension of a geometry.
esriGeometry0Dimension 1 A zero dimensional geometry (such as a point or multipoint).
esriGeometry1Dimension 2 A one dimensional geometry (such as a polyline).
esriGeometry2Dimension 4 A two dimensional geometry (such as a polygon).
esriGeometry25Dimension 5 A 2.5D geometry (such as a surface mesh).
esriGeometry3Dimension 6 A 3D geometry.
esriGeometryNoDimension -1 The dimension is unknown or unspecified.
Describes the dimensionality of the geometry object. Each dimension corresponds to a direction of orthogonal movement. Therefore, Zero Dimensions describes a point with no extent beyond the point itself. One Dimension describes a line where the dimension of movement extends along the length of the line. Two Dimensions describes a surface where the movement can occur along two parametric orthogonal axes to create an Area. Three Dimensions describes a space with three parametric directions of movement (height, width, and depth). 2.5 Dimensions is a pseudo-dimensional construct that refers to a functional surface, represented by a planar Two Dimensional object with Z attributes. A No Dimensional object (not to be confused with a Zero Dimensional point) is an object for which dimensionality is not properly defined.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.808361
Retrieved Text: The Wikitude SDK requires reference maps from the objects that should be recognized. Wikitude uses standard videos as the source for extracting relevant information and creating map files. This document describes what to consider when recording the video for an optimal input for the map creation.
In order to ensure that a high quality 3D map of the object can be created based on the video provided you need to take care of two things, choosing a suitable object and recording a proper video. In this article we emphasize on the first one but we also share information regarding the record process.
1. Finding an ideal object is highly important in order to be able to track it correctly later on.
The object should not change its original form. For example, scanning a shoe could be a problem since the form of the shoe could change. If the strings for example are tied or not could result in a different object.
The first most common mistake when choosing an object is objects with the same texture. The following videos represent some bad examples of objects due to repetitive pattern with not clear edges and corners.
The second most common mistake is objects whose surface is reflective.
Although the following object could be used as a good example, its reflective surface makes it a poor choice.
Finally, picking objects that are too small is not good for the tracking process. Although the following object is considered a good example, its size makes the tracking almost impossible. Even if you would zoom in during the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.452322
Retrieved Text: The QGLFramebufferObject class encapsulates an OpenGL framebuffer object.
The QGLFramebufferObject class encapsulates an OpenGL framebuffer object, defined by the GL_EXT_framebuffer_object extension. In addition it provides a rendering surface that can be painted on with a QPainter, rendered to using native GL calls, or both. This surface can be bound and used as a regular texture in your own GL drawing code. By default, the QGLFramebufferObject class generates a 2D GL texture (using the GL_TEXTURE_2D target), which is used as the internal rendering target.
It is important to have a current GL context when creating a QGLFramebufferObject, otherwise initialization will fail.
A framebuffer object does not require a separate rendering context, so no context switching will occur when switching rendering targets. There is an overhead involved in switching targets, but in general it is cheaper than a context switch to a pbuffer.
Rendering to dynamic textures (i.e. render-to-texture functionality) works on all platforms. No need to do explicit copy calls from a render buffer into a texture, as was necessary on systems that did not support the render_texture extension.
It is possible to attach several rendering buffers (or texture objects) to the same framebuffer object, and render to all of them without doing a context switch.
The OpenGL framebuffer extension is a pure GL extension with no system dependant WGL, AGL or GLX parts. This makes using framebuffer objects more portable.
Note that QPainter antialiasing of drawing primitives will not work when using a QGLFramebufferObject as a paintdevice. This is because sample buffers, which are needed for antialiasing, are not yet supported in application-defined

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.34331
Retrieved Text: Gets the list of Microsoft.Compute SKUs available for your Subscription.
Subscription credentials which uniquely identify Microsoft Azure subscription. The subscription ID forms part of the URI for every service call.
Describes an available Compute SKU.
Describes The SKU capabilities object.
Describes scaling information of a SKU.
The scale type applicable to the sku.
Describes metadata for retrieving price info.
The Compute List Skus operation response.
The api versions that support this SKU.
A name value pair to describe the capability.
Specifies the number of virtual machines in the scale set.
Metadata for retrieving price info.
The Family of this particular SKU.
The Kind of resources that are supported in this SKU.
A list of locations and availability zones in those locations where the SKU is available.
The set of locations that the SKU is available.
The type of resource the SKU applies to.
The restrictions because of which SKU cannot be used. This is empty if there are no restrictions.
The Size of the SKU.
Specifies the tier of virtual machines in a scale set.
An invariant to describe the feature.
An invariant if the feature is measured by quantity.
The maximum capacity that can be set.
An invariant to show the extended unit.
Used for querying price from commerce.
The multiplier is needed to extend the base metered cost.
List of availability zones where the SKU is supported.
List of availability zones where the SKU is restricted.
The information about the restriction where the SKU cannot be used.
The value of restrictions. If the restriction type is set to location. This would be different locations where the SKU is restricted.
The uri to fetch the next page of Compute Skus. Call ListNext() with this to

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.272362
Retrieved Text: Describes implementation-defined aspects of the ARM C compiler and C library relating to qualifiers, as required by the ISO C standard.
An object that has a volatile-qualified type is accessed as a word, halfword, or byte as determined by its size and alignment. For volatile objects larger than a word, the order of accesses to the parts of the object is undefined. Updates to volatile bitfields generally require a read-modify-write. Accesses to aligned word, halfword and byte types are atomic. Other volatile accesses are not necessarily atomic.
Otherwise, reads and writes to volatile qualified objects occur as directly implied by the source code, in the order implied by the source code.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.168577
Retrieved Text: The functions below can be used to query the characteristics of an Allocation, Element, or Sampler object. These objects are created from Java. You can't create them from a script.
Allocations are the primary method used to pass data to and from RenderScript kernels.
They are a structured collection of cells that can be used to store bitmaps, textures, arbitrary data points, etc.
This collection of cells may have many dimensions (X, Y, Z, Array0, Array1, Array2, Array3), faces (for cubemaps), and level of details (for mipmapping).
See the android.renderscript.Allocation for details on to create Allocations.
In functions like rsGetElementAt(), "element" means the instantiation of the type, i.e. a cell of an Allocation.
The functions below let you query the characteristics of the type specificiation.
An Element can specify a simple data types as found in C, e.g. an integer, float, or boolean. It can also specify a handle to a RenderScript object. See rs_data_type for a list of basic types.
Elements can specify fixed size vector (of size 2, 3, or 4) versions of the basic types. Elements can be grouped together into complex Elements, creating the equivalent of C structure definitions.
Elements can also have a kind, which is semantic information used to interpret pixel data. See rs_data_kind.
When creating Allocations of common elements, you can simply use one of the many predefined Elements like F32_2.
To create complex Elements, use the Element.Builder Java class.
Samplers objects define how Allocations can be read as structure within a kernel. See android.renderscript.S.
Returns 1 if more than one face is present, 0 otherwise.
If the Allocation is a cubemap, this

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.864967
Retrieved Text: A table which describes all the Broadcast and Unknown Server components implemented by this managed device.
Each row of the table describes a standalone BUS or a component of a BUS.
A unique number greater than zero which identifies this table row.
This object is used to create and delete Broadcast and Unknown Server components. If this object is writable, it will accept the values 'createAndGo' 'destroy' under suitable conditions. Use decBusAdminStatus to enable and disable service.
The desired state of this BUS component. When a BUS is distributed, this object controls the 'local' server component, as opposed to the overall state of the BUS. If a LES is connected to the BUS, enabling/disabling either server may affect both of them. Otherwise it is up to the network manager to coordinate the state of the servers.
The operational state of this BUS component. A BUS component may not become operational until it has been configured with values for LAN Type Maximum Data Frame Size Maximum Frame Age When a BUS is in the 'disabling' or 'deleting' state, attempts to set decBusAdminStatus to 'up' will fail.
The value of sysUpTime at the time that this server last entered its current operational state. If the current state was entered prior to the last re-initialization of the local network management subsystem, then this object contains a zero value.
The ATM address of this Broadcast and Unknown Server, or Broadcast and Unknown Server component. Clients establish Multicast Send VCCs to this address as part of the BUS Connect phase of LAN Emulation.
A human-readable string which can contain

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.853703
Retrieved Text: Statement about the results of an investigation, usually supported by evidence.
Collected body of data from observations and experiments to support the claim.
Explanation that ties together the claim and evidence. Describes why or how the claim is supported by evidence.
Numerical information gathered from observations or experimentation.
Emergency medical care for someone who has been hurt or who is sick.
A testable idea or explanation that leads to scientific investigation.
A descriptive statement or equation that reliably predicts events under certain conditions.
A measure of the amount of matter in an object.
Average. The number obtained by adding up the data for a given characteristic and dividing up this sum by the number of individuals.
A pattern, plan, representation or description designed to show the structure or workings of an object, system, or concept.
A measure of the slant of a line; the ratio of rise over run.
A system of ideas that explains many related observations and is supported by a large body of evidence acquired through scientific investigation.
A measure of how hot (or cold) something is; specifically, a measure of the average kinetic energy of the particles in an object.
A measure of the size of a body or region in three-dimensional space.
The value of the middle item when data are arranged in order by size.
The ratio of the mass of a substance to the volume of the substance.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.84337
Retrieved Text: In this section we explain the meaning of a class and overview Visual Gene Developer's classes.
o What is a class?
"In object-oriented programming, a class is a construct that is used as a blueprint (or template) to create objects of that class. This blueprint describes the state and behavior that the objects of the class all share. An object of a given class is called an instance of the class. The class that contains (and was used to create) that instance can be considered as the type of that object. A class usually represents a noun, such as a person, place or (possibly quite abstract) thing - it is a model of a concept within a computer program. Fundamentally, it encapsulates the state and behavior of the concept it represents. It encapsulates state through data placeholders called attributes (or member variables or instance variables); it encapsulates behavior through reusable sections of code called methods. More technically, a class is a cohesive package that consists of a particular kind of metadata. A class has both an interface and a structure. The interface describes how to interact with the class and its instances with methods, while the structure describes how the data is partitioned into attributes within an instance. A class may also have a representation (metaobject) at run time, which provides run time support for manipulating the class-related metadata. In object-oriented design, a class is the most specific type of an object in relation to a specific layer"
A reproducible object that contains modules such as function routine, sub

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.834038
Retrieved Text: The magnitude of the image geometric unsharpness depends on the location in the field where the object is hit by the x- ray beam. This phenomenon is known as field characteristics and is caused by the target plane angulation. This yields different effective focal spot sizes and shapes when it is 'seen' from different directions and locations in the x-ray field . Due to the effect of the field characteristics, a more detailed evaluation of focal spot behavior in radiology systems is needed. Hence the focal spot should be evaluated in all field locations, which is very complex with experimental procedures, although feasible by computer simulation. This work describes an algorithm with the aim of determining the size and shape of effective focal spots in any location of the radiation field, on the basis of the focal spot size measurement in the filed center. The results obtained by the program have agreed with those obtained by pinholes matrix exposures in several radiology faculties. The program has proved efficient in computing the size of the focal spot projections for mammography systems, with a standard deviation around 0.03-0.04 mm.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.80181
Retrieved Text: When Tennessee and Connecticut first met in women’s basketball in 1995, it was a nice made-for-TV game between an established power and one on the rise.
NICE describes the predicate nominative GAME and ESTABLISHED describes POWER, which is the object of the preposition BETWEEN.
Note: In this sentence, ESTABLISHED is also a participle.
The tall man thought he could reach the top shelf of the bookcase.
TALL describes the subject MAN and TOP describes the direct object SHELF.After the difficult surgery, the famous doctors to a nap.
DIFFICULT modifies the object of the preposition SURGERY and FAMOUS describes the subject DOCTOR.
A worthwhile rivalry had been born.
WORTHWHILE describes the subject RIVALRY.
GREAT describes the predicate nominative GAME.
This is a good start to know adjectives .i love your explanations.
Does anyone know if there is a name for a particular type of adjective; one that was not originally needed, until changes in the world deemed it so?
An example. If we could find one, we would describe television that only showed monochrome pictures as a BLACK AND WHITE television. But that prefix was not needed until colour television was invented.
Similarly, we would now refer to an original Pentax or Nikon camera (just two examples) as FILM cameras. But we did not need to used the adjective FILM until digital cameras were the norm.
I am pretty sure there is a particular term for such a word, but can’t for the life of me remember.
These are probably best categorized as relational adjectives. They classify the noun. For example, sauce pan vs sauté pan or medical instrument vs musical

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.79184
Retrieved Text: The monitors measure cache hits, cache misses, cache compactions, and cache flushes. The following list describes each of these performance monitors.
Compaction can consume a significant portion of the server’s resources. This can affect both server performance and the end-user experience. Therefore, compaction should be avoided. You can decrease the occurrence of compaction by increasing the size of the cache. Compaction usually happens if the cache size is decreased. Compaction of the object cache does not consume as many resources as the compaction of the BLOB cache.
The object cache is used to store metadata about sites, libraries, lists, list items, and documents that are used by features such as site navigation and the Content Query Web Part.
This cache helps users when they browse to pages that use these features because the data that they require is stored or retrieved directly from the object cache instead of from the content database.
This entry was posted in BlobStorage, Cache, Health, Monitoring, Performance, Performance and tagged blob-cache, cache, cache-compaction, cache-flush, cache-hit, cache-miss, cache-performance, monitor, monitor-cache, monitor-health, object-cache, output-cache, performance, SharePoint2016 on 15/01/2017 by Deviprasad Panda.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.778406
Retrieved Text: Analytical Methods of Protein Chemistry, Volume 3: Determination of the Size and Shape of Protein Molecules provides information pertinent to the analysis and isolation of protein. This book deals with the measurement of the macromolecular properties of proteins.
Organized into seven chapters, this volume begins with an overview of the theory and practice of the electron microscope to allow an understanding of the type of object that may be examined. This text then describes the methods of making protein molecules conform to such an ideal, which are the techniques of specimen preparation. Other chapters consider the determinations of osmotic pressures of proteins. This book discusses as well the experimental basis for the theory of the diffusion process in liquids. The final chapter deals with the technical problem characteristics of light-scattering.
This book is a valuable resource for electron microscopists, protein chemists, biologists, physicist, physico-chemists, scientists, and research workers.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.728828
Retrieved Text: This is the MIB module for trap definitions for Infoblox one products.
This event is generated for any equipment failure.
This trap is generated whenever a software failure is detected.
This event is generated whenever a threshold crossing has occurred for the first time.
This event is generated whenever an object state change has occurred.
This trap is generated when a process is started or stopped normally.
It is the node name (node ip address) the trap occurred. This node name may or may not the same as the node sending out the trap.
It contains the serverity of the trap.
It describes the object for which the trap is generated.
It describes the probable cause of a problem .
It describes the subsystem for which the trap is generated.
It contains the current value of a threshold counter.
It contains the description of the trap.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.683823
Retrieved Text: Note: Starting with v0.12.0, Prometheus Operator requires use of Kubernetes v1.7.x and up.
This documentation is for an alpha feature. For questions and feedback on the Prometheus OCS Alpha program, email tectonic-alpha-feedback@coreos.com.
Operators were introduced by CoreOS as a class of software that operates other software, putting operational knowledge collected by humans into software. Read more in the original blog post, Introducing Operators.
To follow this getting started you will need a Kubernetes cluster you have access to. This example describes a Prometheus Operator Deployment, and its required ClusterRole, ClusterRoleBinding, and Service Account.
See the Alerting guide for more information about the Alertmanager resource, or the Design document for an overview of all resources introduced by the Prometheus Operator.
The Prometheus resource declaratively describes the desired state of a Prometheus deployment, while a ServiceMonitor describes the set of targets to be monitored by Prometheus.
The Prometheus resource includes a field called serviceMonitorSelector, which defines a selection of ServiceMonitors to be used.
First, deploy three instances of a simple example application, which listens and exposes metrics on port 8080.
The ServiceMonitor has a label selector to select Services and their underlying Endpoint objects. The Service object for the example application selects the Pods by the app label having the example-app value. The Service object also specifies the port on which the metrics are exposed.
This Service object is discovered by a ServiceMonitor, which selects in the same way. The app label must have the value example-app.
If RBAC authorization is activated, you must create RBAC rules for both Prometheus and Prometheus Operator. A ClusterRole and a ClusterRoleBinding

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.6457
Retrieved Text: Kubernetes Tutorials – Kubernetes Objects. This blog post explains how Kubernetes objects are represented in the Kubernetes API, and how you can express them in .yaml format. This tutorial is the third tutorial in Coding compiler Kubernetes tutorials series. This blog post will give a clear idea about Kubernetes Objects, let’s start reading now and happy learning.
To work with Kubernetes objects–whether to create, modify, or delete them–you’ll need to use the Kubernetes API. When you use the kubectl command-line interface, for example, the CLI makes the necessary Kubernetes API calls for you; you can also use the Kubernetes API directly in your own programs. Kubernetes currently provides a golang client library for this purpose, and other language libraries (such as Python) are being developed.
Every Kubernetes object includes two nested object fields that govern the object’s configuration: the object spec and the object status. The spec, which you must provide, describes your desired state for the object–the characteristics that you want the object to have.
The status describes the actual state of the object, and is supplied and updated by the Kubernetes system. At any given time, the Kubernetes Control Plane actively manages an object’s actual state to match the desired state you supplied.
For example, a Kubernetes Deployment is an object that can represent an application running on your cluster. When you create the Deployment, you might set the Deployment spec to specify that you want three replicas of the application to be running.
The Kubernetes system reads the Deployment spec and starts three instances of your desired application–updating

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.593508
Retrieved Text: Represents a Windows icon, which is a small bitmap image that is used to represent an object. Icons can be thought of as transparent bitmaps, although their size is determined by the system.
The following code example demonstrates how to use the ToBitmap method. This example is designed to be used with Windows Forms. Create a form and paste the following code into it. Call the IconToBitmap method in the form's Paint event handler, passing e as PaintEventArgs.
// Call ToBitmap to convert it.
' Call ToBitmap to convert it.
You can construct Icon objects from files, streams, or embedded resources. For a list of constructors, see Icon. You can also convert an Icon to a bitmap by using the ToBitmap method.
Initializes a new instance of the Icon class and attempts to find a version of the icon that matches the requested size.
Initializes a new instance of the Icon class from the specified data stream.
Initializes a new instance of the Icon class from the specified data stream and with the specified width and height.
Initializes a new instance of the Icon class of the specified size from the specified stream.
Initializes a new instance of the Icon class from the specified file name.
Initializes a new instance of the Icon class with the specified width and height from the specified file.
Initializes a new instance of the Icon class of the specified size from the specified file.
Initializes a new instance of the Icon class from a resource in the specified assembly.
Gets the Windows handle for this Icon. This is not a copy of the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.57524
Retrieved Text: You can use the Business Object Manager tool to create and maintain business objects in Progress Developer Studio for OpenEdge. The stored objects can be persisted internally and externally.
1. Open a Business Process, Web application, or a Common Resource project.
2. From the Tools menu, click Business Objects, opening the Business Object Manager dialog box, which displays the list of default business objects with category, "demo."
Note: To modify an existing business object, select it from the Business Object Manager dialog box, then click Edit to make the changes in the Edit Business Object dialog box.
3. To create a new business object, click New, opening the Create New Business Object dialog box.
4. Type the name of the business object in the Name box. Avoid upper-case and special characters in the name.
5. Select a category from the Category drop-down list. To define a category, click the ellipsis button next to the Category list, to open the New Category dialog box, where you can define a new category.
6. In the Data Source Reference box, enter the description of the datasource (if any) being referenced. In the Description box, enter a description of the business object. This information is optional and help users identify business objects.
7. To define attributes for the business object, click Add to open the New Attribute dialog box.
a. Define the attribute properties by entering relevant information in the appropriate field components.
Table 90 describes the field components.
The name of the attribute. Attribute name must not contain any special characters, and can have up to 64 characters. You need

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.52528
Retrieved Text: The date and time of this device can be set.DateAndTime is in octet mode which does not include time-zone information.
The board information table describes the information of the type, the status and the software version etc. of the boards in various slot of the EXPERT.
The object defined by this line describes the information of the board in the slot.
Slot number, it forms the index for this table. The EXPERT includes 16 slots. The value range of which is from 0 to 15.
The type of slot board, it describes the type of board to be inserted in the slot among which null (100) indicates null slot. When the variable value is null (100), the variable values of subsequent rows of this row has no meaning, all of which are 0 or null.
Board number, ranging from 0 to 11. When the slot is null, the returned value is 65535 indicating invalidation.
Board status not-install(0) Not-installed normal(1) Normal fault(2) Fault active-normal(3) The active one is normal active-error(4) The active one is faulty back-normal(5) The backup one is normal back-error(6) The backup one is faulty When the board type is null (100), the board status returns not-install (0) to indicate invalidation.
Description of Board PCB version. When the board type is null (100), the returned value is   indicating invalidation.
Description of Board BIOS version, when the board type is null (100), the returned value is   indicating invalidation.
Board system version number. When the board type is null (100), the returned value is   indicating invalidation.
Description of Board logic version. When the board

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.421705
Retrieved Text: Windows Communication Foundation (WCF) provides support to easily work with syndication feeds in Atom, RSS or other custom formats, which allows you to read and create them, as well as expose them on a service endpoint. The topics in this section describe this programming model for syndication in detail.
Provides an overview of syndication support provided by WCF.
Describes the classes in the object model and the extensibility of syndication.
Describes how feeds are represented within the WCF Syndication Object Model and how they are converted to RSS and Atom feeds.
Shows how to create a service that makes a basic RSS feed available.
Shows how to create a service that makes a basic ATOM feed available.
Shows how to create a service that makes the same feed available with ATOM and RSS.
Describes the methods of adding custom elements and attributes to a syndication feed.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.40489
Retrieved Text: input (Buffer | String)? if present, can be a Buffer containing JPEG, PNG, WebP, GIF, SVG, TIFF or raw pixel image data, or a String containing the path to an JPEG, PNG, WebP, GIF, SVG or TIFF image file. JPEG, PNG, WebP, GIF, SVG, TIFF or raw pixel image data can be streamed into the object when not present.
options Object? if present, is an Object with optional attributes.
options.raw Object? describes raw pixel input image data. See raw() for pixel ordering.
options.create Object? describes a new image to be created.
options.create.background (String | Object)? parsed by the color module to extract values for red, green, blue and alpha.
An Object containing nested boolean values representing the available input and output formats/methods.
An Object containing the version numbers of libvips and its dependencies.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.362175
Retrieved Text: The ELF linker, ld(CP), automatically and intelligently maps input sections from object files (.o files) to output segments in executable files (a.out files). The mapfile option to the ld command allows you to change the default mapping provided by the ELF linker.
Declare segments and specify values for segment attributes such as segment type, permissions, addresses, length, and alignment.
Control mapping of input sections to segments by specifying the attribute values necessary in a section to map to a specific segment (the attributes are section name, section type, and permissions) and by specifying which object file(s) the input sections should be taken from, if necessary.
Declare a global-absolute symbol that is assigned a value equal to the size of a specified segment (by the linker) and that can be referenced from object files.
NOTE: The major purpose of the mapfile option is to allow users of ifiles (an option previously available to ld that used link editor command language directives) to convert to mapfiles. All other facilities previously available for ifiles, other than those mentioned above, are not available with the mapfile option.
CAUTION: When using the mapfile option, be aware that you can easily create a.out files that do not execute. Therefore, the use of the mapfile option is strongly discouraged. ld can produce a correct a.out without the use of the mapfile option. The mapfile option is intended for system programming use, not application programming use.
This chapter describes the structure and syntax of a mapfile and the use of the -M option to the ld command.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.32579
Retrieved Text: In contrast, object-oriented (O-O) analysis describes an information system by identifying things called objects. An object represents a real person, a place, an event, or a transaction. For example, when a patient makes an appointment to see a doctor, the patient is an object, the doctor is an object, and the appointment itself is an object.
Object-oriented analysis is a popular approach that sees a system from the viewpoint of the objects themselves as they function and interact. The end product of O-O analysis is an object model, which represents the information system in terms of objects and O-O concepts. Object-oriented analysis provides us with another way to view and model system requirements.
Read Module 5: Data and Process Modeling.
Participate in Module 5 SCR Case Simulation: Data and Process Modeling.
Read Module 6: Object Modeling.
Participate in Module 6 SCR Case Simulation: Object Modeling.
Take the Unit 5 Test.
Take the Unit 6 Test.
Complete System Requirements Document - Project #1.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.325602
Retrieved Text: What does "F=ma" mean in Newton's Second Law?
Newton's second law of motion describes the relationship between an object's mass and the amount of force needed to accelerate it. Newton's second law is often stated as F=ma, which means the force (F) acting on an object is equal to the mass (m) of an object times its acceleration (a). This means the more mass an object has, the more force you need to accelerate it. And the greater the force, the greater the object's acceleration.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.26723
Retrieved Text: Important: This document describes the old, key-based accessibility API. The use of this API is discouraged. Use the new, method-based API instead. For more information on the new accessibility API, see Accessibility Programming Guide for OS X.
Important This document describes the old, key-based accessibility API. The use of this API is discouraged. Use the new, method-based API instead. For more information on the new accessibility API, see Accessibility Programming Guide for OS X.
Important: This guide describes the old key-based accessibility API. This information is provided to support legacy apps. If you are creating a new app, you should consider using the new, method-based API. For more information on the new API, see Accessibility Programming Guide for OS X.
All Cocoa applications can and should be accessible to users with disabilities. The process of making an application accessible is called access enabling. In Cocoa applications, accessibility is achieved by user interface classes adopting the NSAccessibility informal protocol. Because standard Cocoa controls and views automatically adopt the NSAccessibility protocol, there is very little you have to do to access enable your application if you rely only on standard control and view objects.
If your application implements custom controls or views, however, you need to provide additional accessibility information to make your application completely accessible.
This topic discusses how Cocoa implements accessibility and describes specific tasks you need to perform to access enable your application.
Note: With App Sandbox, you can and should enable your app for accessibility, as described in this document. However, you cannot sandbox an assistive app such as a

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.255411
Retrieved Text: getCurrentWorker in the workspace of the MATLAB worker.
In the client workspace, a parallel.Worker object is available from the Worker property of a parallel.Task object.
A parallel.Worker object provides access to the MATLAB worker session that executed a task as part of a job.
There are no methods for a parallel.Worker object other than generic methods for any objects in the workspace, such as delete, etc.
The following table describes the properties of an MATLAB Job Scheduler worker.
The following table describes the properties of an CJS worker.

================



======= Instance Index 9 =========
Input Text: A body may find its temperature to be lowered after

Which is the correct answer?
- water is heated up
- fluid spreads from pores
- the air becomes arid
- the sky stays bright

Target Text: fluid spreads from pores

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 28.587606
Retrieved Text: Bamboo and charcoal pillows outperform traditional foam, memory foam or feathers when it comes to promoting deep sleep.
If you’re yawning today, your pillow may be to blame! In my quest to find the best bargains, a first-of-its-kind cool bamboo sleeping pillow is trending across the country thanks to its ability to lower your body temperature.
Any sleep therapist can confirm you will not get to a deep REM sleep until your body temperature has lowered one degree. Most feather or foam pillows, including memory foam pillows, actually raise your temperature and inhibit deep sleep.
Bamboo and charcoal pillows outperform traditional foam, memory foam or feathers when it comes to promoting deep sleep. I was stunned testing these pillows as they not only remained cooler than any competing product but they held their shape the longest. Charcoal-infused pillows are ideal for back sleepers, side sleepers or people who have neck pain.
Click the play button to see the pillow and its tech up close.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 26.688736
Retrieved Text: 2 Simple Steps to Self Test Your Thyroid Function?
Low Body Temperature is a Major Sign of Hypothyroid. Dr. Barnes was the first to show that a low basal body temperature was associated with low thyroid. His first study was published in 1942 and appeared in The Journal of the American Medical Association. This study tracked 1,000 college students and showed that monitoring body temperature for thyroid function was a valid, if not superior, approach to other thyroid tests.
Most of the biochemical reactions occurring in the body are driven by enzymes - protein molecules that work according to their shape. Enzymes, and their actions, are influenced by the metabolic temperature of the body which is controlled by the thyroid hormones. When the body temperature is too low, the enzymes slow down, creating hypo-metabolism (hypothyroidism) and reduced metabolism (cellular energy). Then, every cell and every bodily system starts to slow down, leading to all sorts of health problems: fatigue, unwanted weight gain, poor sleep, lowered immune function, high blood pressure, elevated cholesterol levels, anxiety, depression, achy pain, constipation, tingling hands and feet, brain fog.
High fevers speed up the metabolism and allow the body to fight off infections. Hypothermia (90 degrees or below) can be life-threatening and is considered a medical emergency. The body works best at the optimal temperature of 98.6.
First thing in the morning while still in bed, shake down and place a mercury thermometer (digital thermometers are not as accurate) under your arm and leave it there for ten minutes.
Record your temperature in a daily log.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 25.06613
Retrieved Text: This research was conducted for an in-depth analysis of changes in thermal properties and in comfortability as well as physical properties before and after sputtering on fabrics. It was found that the sputtering treatment could give significant effects on the heat transfer of nylon without much loss in its shear property, water vapor transmission, and bending property, which suggested that sputtering treatment with metals on the surface of fabric helped reduce the surface temperature by releasing body heat. When the metal coating layers of the sputtered fabrics were pointed toward the cold air (15 degrees C), the surface temperature was lowered drastically from 35 degrees C to 22.07 degrees C by depending on metals. Also, the computed surface temperatures based on the heat transfer theory displayed a high level of consistency with the measured values. The conductive fabric, which was used for comparison, showed an increased bending rigidity after sputtering, making the fabric stiffer. In the future, a metal-sputtered fabric is expected to be used as a special material by utilizing its surface temperature-controlling function in the high-functional clothing material field.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 24.871763
Retrieved Text: Find out if you're getting the sleep you need and how you can improve sleep quality.
Few people realise the toll lack of sleep has on their health. Getting enough sleep is imperative to both physical and mental health, allowing our brain and body the time it needs to calibrate and heal.
Take a look at the following questions – if you answer yes to even one of them, you would probably benefit from improving your sleep.
If you answer yes to more than one, it’s likely that an improvement in sleep quality will significantly improve your health.
Do you wake up feeling tired, not energised?
Do you feel as if you could sleep for a few hours more after waking?
Do you rely on caffeine, sugar or other stimulants to keep you going throughout the day?
Do you need to take long naps during the day?
Do you feel wired instead of tired when you go to bed?
Do you rely of sleeping medication to get to sleep?
Do you lie awake, wishing you could get to sleep?
So, if you answered yes to one or more of these questions, how can you improve your quality of sleep?
We sleep best when we’re in a warm bed in a cooler room. Make sure you keep the temperature cool in your bedroom and if possible have a window open to let in fresh air.
Old, uncomfortable mattresses can lead to wakefulness. Ensure your mattress is supportive and comfortable.
A warm bath will raise your body temperature. This means when you get out of the bath, your body temperature will drop.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 24.418629
Retrieved Text: The Oasis Hot Tub Retreat at Oak Haven is a rejuvenating interlude in an often frantic world.
Available to lodge guests and non-lodge guests!
If you long for the luxurious feeling of a spa, the exhilaration and the peacefulness of a lush green garden-there’s no need to travel far. Come to the Oasis Hot Tub Retreat.
If you pride yourself in finding new, delightful ways to entertain your friends and family – think of the Oasis Hot Tub Retreat. Far from the mundane, the Oasis is an entertainment alternative that returns you to your senses.
The Oasis Hot Tub Retreat presents the calm, restorative effects of indulging in a hot tub combined with the visually soothing surroundings of a well-tended outdoor garden setting. What makes the Oasis such a luxury is the attention to detail, the cleanliness and the privacy. Each garden is a secluded place with robes and towels, shower, private entry and dressing room.
For comfort, water is maintained at 102·° in autumn and winter and 96°-100° in spring and summer.
”Soaked last night, and it was a wonderfully relaxing, rejuvenating experience. A beautiful place — moon shining from above, the fire pit flames dancing, and the soothing water. Wow!” – Karen B.
Please shower before and after using the hot tub. It is important to shower before using the hot tub to remove all body oils, hair spray/gel, perfumes, etc. as they will affect the chemistry of the water. It is important to shower after using the hot tub because some people are sensitive to the bromine in the water.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 24.16888
Retrieved Text: Toddlers frequently have difficulty falling asleep, especially if the toddlers still feel like there is much fun and play to be had while awake. To help your child fall asleep and get the rest that his body needs to grow, here are some steps that you can follow.
Bath. One of the best ways to get kids to sleep is by making them take baths. The bath works not only by relaxing the child, but also be lowering the child’s body temperature through contact with water. The lowered body temperature is similar to the temperature which the body has when it is sleeping. With the lowered body temperature, the body will think that it is time to sleep and the child will find it easier to fall asleep. During baths, you can also use relaxing soaps and baths liquids that will give a scent that can make it easier for children to sleep.
Massage. After a long day of play, give your toddler a simple massage to help him fall asleep. The massage can be as simple as a hand massage. In just a few minutes, you will notice your toddler beginning to nod off and doze. You can also massage his temples, which is particularly effective since it will usually force the toddler to close his eyes. During the massage, you can also use massage oils that come in various scents. The massage oils will not only moisturize the toddler’s skin, but will also give a warm and comforting sensation that makes it easier to sleep. These

########
Rank: 6
Score: 23.470354
Retrieved Text: ROBIJN FEENSTRA HIS AGENT United States Patent US. Cl. 29473.ll 6 Claims ABSTRACT OF THE DISCLOSURE A steel blank is connected to a tungsten bit body by bonding the contact planes of the body and the blank together at a temperature that is less than the critical temperature of the steel blank so as to avoid the tremendous volume changes that occur in steel at this temperature.
The present invention relates to drill bits employed in drilling oil and gas wells and pertains more particularly to a method of connecting a steel blank to a bit body consisting of a mass of sintered tungsten (e.g., tungsten powder and/or tungsten carbide powder). In particular, the present invention relates to a manner of providing the sintered body of a diamond bit for use in deep well drilling, with a steel tool joint, sub or shank which is suitable for connecting the sintered bit body to a drill string.
Diamond bits are manufactured by filling a graphite mold of the bit body, with tungsten powder and/or the desired places within the mold. To connect the mass to the drill string, a steel blank, which is later provided with a screw thread so as to act as a sub or shank, is placed in the mass of powder filling the mold, after which the mold with the powder and the blank is placed in a suit able furnace. A binder material, such as german silver, is placed on the top of the powder, and the furnace is heated to sintering temperature which

########
Rank: 7
Score: 23.168552
Retrieved Text: Body temperature in humans is regulated by an area of the brain called hypothalamus. The thermoregulatory center here keeps the core body temperature within a closely set limit. The body temperature varies by 0.5 ◦ C during a 24 hour period being lowest at about 6 A.M. and maximum at about 4 to 6 P.M.
A temperature of > 37.2◦ C in the morning at 6 and > 37.7 ◦ C in the afternoon is considered to suggest the occurrence of fever.
In most fevers, the body temperature is set at a higher level by increased level of Prostaglandin E in the blood and brain tissues in the hypothalamus. This occurs due to the production of various chemicals in the body.
In cases of infection or inflammation, various cytokines (IL -1, IL-6, TNF etc.) cause a rise in PGE. This may be mediated by production of various toxins e.g. Endotoxins, TSST etc. Once the temperature is set at a higher level, more heat is produced in the body and less is dissipated. This leads to higher core temperature.
The mechanisms for decreasing heat loss from the skin is by vasoconstriction (narrowing of blood supply to the skin). This allows less heat to be lost by the skin and is perceived as cold skin. More heat is produced by increased muscle contraction (shivering) or added heat production from the liver by increasing metabolism. These soon result in a higher body temperature. In most fevers, diurnal variations continue.
Covering the body by blankets raises the temperature faster as heat dissipation is no longer

########
Rank: 8
Score: 22.970003
Retrieved Text: Ice Dams on CT Homes | How Do I Take Care Of Ice Dams?
Ice dams can be a big problem for Connecticut homeowners!
Ice dams are able to form when melting snow from a roof runs off and refreezes at the edge of your roof.
Ice dams can also occur when snow is melted by a warm roof, creating the opportunity for the melted snow to refreeze when it passes the exterior wall and hits a cold unheated roof edge or gutter.
As the bottom of the snow pack melts, water will continue to flow down the roof surface until it hits the ice, creating a larger ice dam.
If this situation persists, the ice can work its way back up the roof edge, get under shingles, melt and leak into the exterior wall, home or attic. You may not immediately notice any damage from ice dams; however, as the ice melts and possibly drips into your wall or attic, insulation can become wet and lose its ability to retain heat. Sometimes, if there is the right temperature and level of humidity, mold can begin to grow in the attic. You will be able to tell when this happens, because paint will peel or blister weeks or months after the ice dam has melted as moisture from the leak in the wall or ceiling cavities tries to find a way out.
The underside of the roof deck must be close to the temperature of the exterior side of the roof.
the attic will be lowered thereby lowering the underside roof deck temperature.
from

########
Rank: 9
Score: 22.935453
Retrieved Text: Asthma is a chronic disease that involves inflammation of the lungs. ... Potassium. Levels in the body may be lowered if you take theophylline. Herbs.
Find patient medical information for POTASSIUM on WebMD including its uses, effectiveness, side effects and safety, interactions, user ratings and products that have it.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 22.923574
Retrieved Text: Think of the Oura Ring as fat burning body temperature fitbit on steroids yet a fraction of the size. For more wellness advice from Natasha Turner, click here. But as a rough guide, a healthy waking body temperature should be As I outlined above, a lowered metabolic rate can have negative consequences for ones health.
This should be addressed as soon as possible. Athletes for example can determine when they have recovered from an illness before returning to hard training.
Training itself is one side of the coin when it comes to increasing performance. In addition to restricting calorie intake, a balanced diet also regulates macronutrient consumption. How You Can Use This: Trudging through a blanket of snow in your winter gear doing activities you really enjoy, however, can help you burn more calories by having fun.
Our temperature provides an insight into hormonal health, can assist us with training and recovery decisions, woman can use it to determine the stage of their cycle.
However, being underweight is associated with health risks such as difficulty fighting off infection, osteoporosisdecreased muscle strength, trouble regulating body temperature and even increased risk of death.
Below I cover various testing protocols so you can turn your body temperature number into useful information. Disease processes, changes in metabolism, hormonal changes, medications or other treatments, disease- or treatment-related dietary changes, or reduced appetite associated with a disease or treatment can also cause unintentional weight loss.
Weight loss in individuals who are overweight or obese can reduce health risks,  increase fitness,  and may delay the onset of

########
Rank: 11
Score: 22.84079
Retrieved Text: Freezing or solidification is a phase transition in which a liquid turns into a solid when its temperature is lowered below its freezing point. All known liquids, except liquid helium, freeze when the temperature is lowered enough. Liquid helium remains liquid at atmospheric pressure even at absolute zero, and can be solidified only under pressure.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 22.783773
Retrieved Text: When cleaning tank cars in a car wash, a folding bridge is automatically lowered pneumatically to serve as a fall protection for personnel.
The pistons of the two 5/2-way pneumatic cylinders are indexed in and out using compressed air. A leakage in the system would result in the folding bridge returning to its parking position and thus causing severe physical damage to the wash head of the cleaning system. To prevent this, the position of the platform must be reliably monitored.
After entry of the tank car the folding bridge is lowered until it rests on the tank car.
Fig. 1: After entry of the tank car the folding bridge is lowered until it rests on the tank car.
The position value captured by the inductive analog measuring system NBB3-F90-104-IU-V1 is accepted as the setpoint. The folding bridge may still move within a tolerance window of a few centimeters. Once a specified threshold value is exceeded the complete system is switched off. This prevents mechanical damage to the wash head.
The high resolution of 125µm allows for the exact calculation of the folding bridge position. A minimum temperature drift of ± 0.5mm (-25 °C ... 70 °C) guarantees reliable position calculations in almost any environment. Even high humidity or splash water as found in a car wash do not impede the function of the IP67 protected sensor in any way, and the long-term operation of the system is secured.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 22.699778
Retrieved Text: Change of seasons Migration or shifting to distant places Penetration of viruses or bacteria in the body causing certain corresponding infections to affect or alter our body temperature resulting in fevers with or without accompanying shivering, body pains, headache, and other associated undesired signs and symptoms. Such situations cause lethargy, weakness in body and brain structure.
If the body temperature is above 37,2oC and is associated with sweating, hyperventilation, and vasodilatation in the skin, we speak of fever. At the beginning, gradual increase in body temperature is observed together with muscle shivering, vasoconstriction in the skin, and piloerection (involuntary bristling or erection of hairs due to contraction of small muscles at the base of hair follicles) . This situation is called chills. Increased body temperature is achieved by lowered loss of heat. Vasoconstriction in the skin and subcutaneous tissue is the cause of pale colour and dryness, the affected person has a feeling of coldness. At the same time the production of heat in the organism increases. The muscle tonus increases, the spasms occur. Spasms may occur mainly in children. When the vasodilatation starts in the skin, the feeling of warmth and sweating occurs.
Fever may be provoked by many stimuli. Most often, they are bacteria and their endotoxins, viruses, yeasts, spirochets, protozoa, immune reactions, several hormones, medications, and synthetic polynucleotides. These substances are commonly called exogenic pyrogens. Cells stimulated by exogenic pyrogens form and produce cytokines called endogenic pyrogens. Endogenic pyrogens centrally affect the thermosensitive neurons in the preoptic area of the hypothalamus increase the production of

########
Rank: 14
Score: 22.60507
Retrieved Text: Freezing and storing the human body is certainly not a new process. The origins go back almost 250 years ago, and the idea has been very popular ever since.
Cryonic freezing dates back to 1773 in a letter written by Benjamin Franklin. However, the subject he briefly wrote about required almost 200 years to come to life. A physicist named Robert Ettinger began to work on freezing the human body, and it has been consistently researched since then.
A lot more scientists worked on Ettinger's experiment, and 5 years later, the very first full human body freeze is accomplished, making James Bedford the first human in history to be medically frozen.
1. Done by the Life Extension Society back in 1965, the organization promised to cryogenically suspend the first person without any fee if they decided to go through with it.
2. James Bedford saw the advertisement and applied, taking the first step to become the first person to go through cryonic suspension in history.
3. Back then, Bedford had kidney cancer, and had been fighting it for two years. But, since the cancer spread to his lungs, he passed away at the age of 74.
4. Bedford was frozen a couple of hours after his death.
5. Robert Prehoda, Dr. Dante Brunol and Robert Nelson were in charge of the process.
6. Dimethyl Sulfoxide was used to freeze his body.
However, it was understood much later that this chemical was not the best choice for the process, and it lowered the chance of reviving Bedford.
7. Bedford’s body was kept in liquid nitrogen until 1982,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 22.570442
Retrieved Text: Reduced messenger RNA activity appears to be behind the sleep, blood pressure and mood problems seen in drinkers.
Research from Taiwan has shown that chronic drinking can disrupt our biological clock.
Circadian rhythms, the 24-hour cycle that our bodies use as an internal clock, establish our wake/sleep cycle. Research has shown that acute (extremely heavy) or chronic (two or more drinks a day) alcohol consumption causes circadian disturbances that affect sleep, mood, and other daily biological rhythms, including body temperature, blood pressure, and hormone secretion. Many genes involved in this process have been identified and mapped.
Lowered mRNA from these genes is a sign of lowered gene activity and lowered protein production, which is likely related to the sleep and mood disturbances seen in alcohol-dependent people.
The Taiwanese researchers showed that people who had been diagnosed as alcohol dependent were producing much lower amounts of messenger RNA (mRNA) from these genes. Messenger RNA is used as a blueprint from which genes manufacture proteins. Lowered mRNA from these genes is a sign of lowered gene activity and lowered protein production, which is likely related to the sleep and mood disturbances seen in alcohol dependent people.
While little is known about the proteins produced by circadian genes, the study shows that alcohol dependent individuals don't seem to be making as much of them as normal individuals do. And presumably, this affects how their biological clocks work.
The researchers examined blood samples from 22 male patients who had been diagnosed as alcohol dependent and were undergoing alcohol withdrawal treatment. These blood samples were compared to

########
Rank: 16
Score: 22.54852
Retrieved Text: Heat stroke is a form of hyperthermia in which the body temperature is elevated dramatically. body temperature is greater than 40.6 °C (105.1 °F) due to environmental heat exposure with lack of thermo regulation. The most important measures to prevent heat strokes are to avoid becoming dehydrated and to avoid vigorous physical activities in hot and humid weather.Heat stroke is a medical emergency and can be fatal if not promptly and properly treated.
Go to shady area, remove clothing, apply cool water to the skin.
person is able to drink liquids, cool water or other cool beverages that do not contain alcohol or caffeine.
avoid vigorous physical activities in hot and humid weather.
Treatment involves rapid mechanical cooling.The body temperature must be lowered immediately. The patient should be moved to a cool area (indoors, or at least in the shade) and clothing removed to promote heat loss . The person is bathed in cool water or a hypothermia vest can be applied. However, wrapping the patient in wet towels or clothes can actually act as insulation and increase the body temperature. Cold compresses to the foot , head, neck, and groin will help in cooling.. Fan or dehumidifying Air conditioners may be used to aid in evaporation of the waterImmersing a patient into a bathtub of cool (but not cold) water (immersion method) is a recognized method of cooling. This method requires the effort of 4-5 people and the patient should be monitored carefully during the treatment process. Immersion should be avoided for an unconscious patient, the patient’s head must

########
Rank: 17
Score: 22.512592
Retrieved Text: This article explains some of the common types of fever in children and adults. Scroll down to know how the symptoms associated with fever vary according to the underlying cause.
Various diseases and infections (bacterial, viral, parasitic) exhibit fever as a symptom. Fever is nothing but elevated body temperature. The normal body temperature, when measured orally can be 98.2±1.3 ºF or 36.8±0.7 ºC. Sweating is a way of maintaining normal body temperature. Brain, sweat glands in the skin, blood vessels and hormones play an important role in maintaining normal body temperature. Enzymes and hormones in the body cannot work properly if the temperature of the body rises above or drops below the normal range. Persistent high fever can prove to be fatal. Body raises its temperature to kill the pathogens. This is an adaptive mechanism which helps accelerate the immune system.
Fever can be classified according to the symptoms associated, its cause and its pattern. Fever can be low-grade (body temperature less than 101 ºF) or high grade (temp. over 104 ºF). The pattern of fever often helps diagnose the disease. Here are fever types according to the typical pattern of the fever.
The patient notices higher than normal body temperature throughout the day but he/she does not notice severe fluctuations in body temperature. Small variation of about 1 ºC may be noticed within 24 hours. This type of continuous fever is noticed in patients who have urinary tract infection, typhus, lobar pneumonia or brucellosis. When children and adults suffer from typhoid fever, they suffer from consistently elevated body

########
Rank: 18
Score: 22.131266
Retrieved Text: The normal axillary temperature may be as much as 1ºC lower than the oral temperature (OER #1). An axillary thermometer is the same electronic device as an oral thermometer, and both have a blue end.
Remove the probe from the device and place a probe cover (from the box) on the thermometer without touching the cover with your hands. Ask the client to raise the arm away from his/her body. Place the thermometer in the client’s armpit (OER #1), on bare skin, as high up into the axilla as possible, with the point facing behind the client. Ask the client to lower his/her arm and leave the device in place for as long as is indicated by the device manufacturer (OER #1). Usually the device beeps in 10–20 seconds. Discard the probe cover in the garbage (without touching the cover) and place the probe back into the device. See Figure 2.6 of an axillary temperature being taken.
The axillary route is a minimally invasive way to measure temperature. It is commonly used in children. It is important to ensure that the thermometer is as high up in the axilla as possible with full skin contact and that the client’s arm is then lowered down.
Axillary Temperature by Ryerson University is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License, except where otherwise noted.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 22.080997
Retrieved Text: Hyperthermia (hyperpyrexia), in its advanced state referred to as heat stroke or sunstroke, is an acute condition which occurs when the body produces or absorbs more heat than it can dissipate. It is usually due to excessive exposure to heat. The heat-regulating mechanisms of the body eventually become overwhelmed and unable to effectively deal with the heat, and body temperature climbs uncontrollably. This is a medical emergency that requires immediate medical attention.
Hyperthermia can be created artificially by drugs or medical devices. In these instances it may be used to treat cancer and other conditions. Malignant hyperthermia is a rare complication of some types of general anesthesia.
Hyperthermia is the opposite of hypothermia.
Body temperatures above 40°C (104 °F) are life-threatening. At 41°C (106 °F), brain death begins, and at 45°C (113°F) death is nearly certain. Internal temperatures above 50°C (122°F) will cause rigidity in the muscles and certain, immediate death.
Heat stroke may come on suddenly, but usually follows a less-threatening condition commonly referred to as heat exhaustion or heat prostration.
Heat prostration, or heat exhaustion, is characterized by mental confusion, muscle cramps, and often nausea or vomiting. At this stage the victim will likely be sweating profusely. With continued exposure to ambient heat, which sometimes is facilitated by the mental confusion, temperature may rise into the 39 to 40 °C range (103 to 104 °F), and lead to full-blown heat stroke.
One of the body's most important methods of temperature regulation is perspiration. This process draws heat from inside, allowing it to be carried off by radiation or convection. Evaporation

########
Rank: 20
Score: 22.06709
Retrieved Text: The entire recycling process is handled by the Destructive Distillation Plant. The Distillation Reactors with their continuous heating technology perform their amazing job of turning your OTR tyres into Reclaimed Steel, Diesel Oil and Carbon.
Whole OTR tyres are fed into the plants feeder chambers before being lowered into the distillation reactors which extract the oil from the tyre. The reactors are heated using the continuous heating technology. This heating technology reclaims and reuses oil and heat from the reactors reducing overall energy consumption and emissions.
After the distillation of the tyre they are lowered into the separation destruction chamber where the carbon and steel are removed and separated.
The process of capturing excess heat, then reusing it in the heating chambers, allows the system to consume less energy, resulting in extremely low emissions.
All emissions are lime scrubbed to meet or exceed international EEA, EPA and DER standards and approvals.
The technology developed and utilised within our reactors allow them to operate at much lower temperature and pressure which requires less energy to operate, again helping reduce emissions.
Lower operating temperature and pressure have the added advantage of being safer for system operators and reduce wear and tear on the plant.
All excess reclaimed oil not used in the reactors is collected, ready to be refined into higher quality fuels.
Carbons are used across a variety of industry sectors.
High grade steel used in OTR tyre radial body cords, belt packages and bead bundles is reclaimed during the process for high grade steel products.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 22.063055
Retrieved Text: The effect of environmental conditions on the quality of your sleep is becoming a popular topic. Conditions such as temperature, light, noise, and humidity all play a part in your ability to fall asleep and stay asleep, although the effects of these factors are highly dependent upon the individual. Ambient temperature is a particularly important factor because sleep quality can be significantly affected by minor temperature changes. In particular, there is a great deal of evidence that people tend to sleep better in a cooler bed.
Everyone has an internal thermostat that continually regulates body temperature to a particular level. The further your body is from its ideal temperature, the more your body has to work to achieve the desired state. This tendency means that quality sleep requires you to be as comfortable as possible.
However, our body temperature decreases when we sleep due to the reduction in our metabolic rate, which means a room temperature that was comfortable when we were awake is usually too warm when we’re asleep. While the change in your body temperature is mostly significant during sleep, it fluctuates throughout the day even without exercise. Body temperature rises when you wake up and typically continues to rise until early afternoon when most people eat lunch. From that point, it tends to drop slightly until early evening.
Sleep generally requires your body temperature to drop to a certain level, so people with a body temperature that’s higher than normal often experience greater difficulty falling asleep. This issue can be a particular problem for professional athletes,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 22.050024
Retrieved Text: The affected part or extremity may be hard, cold, and insensitive to touch and appear white or mottled blue-white. During the early stage of frostbite, when the skin has thawed out, the affected area becomes red and is very painful. In more severe cases, when the tissue has started to freeze, the skin may appear white and numb. For very severe cases, blisters may occur. The tissue may be blackened and die resulting to gangrene. Damage to deeper layers of the skin would result to injury of the tendons, muscles, nerves and bones.
The main goal of emergency management for frostbite is the restoration of normal body temperature.
F – For injuries in the lower extremities, do not allow the patient to walk. Move the person to a warmer place and shelter him or her from cold.
R – Remove all constricting clothing and jewelries. These items may impair circulation.
O – Observe the patient for signs of hypothermia or lowered body temperature and manage the condition accordingly.
S – Sterile dressings should be used to wrap the affected part if immediate medical help is available before rushing the patient to the emergency department for further care. It is important for the nurse to remember to separate the fingers and toes in doing so.
T – The extremity can be rewarmed using controlled and rapid rewarming. Rewarming fist aid may be given in cases where immediate care is unavailable. To do this, the affected area is placed and soaked for 30 to 45 minutes in a 37 to 40 degree Celsius whirlpool

########
Rank: 23
Score: 22.040508
Retrieved Text: Nadir is a term that refers to the lowest point of anything. When used in reference to chemotherapy, it describes the point when blood cell counts are at their lowest after a chemotherapy treatment. It is commonly referred to as the "nadir period" or simply "nadir" among healthcare workers and patients.
While chemotherapy directly targets cancer cells, it also affects our blood cells in the process -- red blood cells, white blood cells, and platelets. These cells are manufactured in the bone marrow. During chemotherapy, bone marrow activity may be decreased, resulting in lowered blood cell counts within the body.
White blood cells (WBC) generally drop to their lowest count about 7 to 14 days after a chemotherapy treatment. When WBC are at their lowest count, people are at a heightened risk of developing infections. White blood cells are a vital component of the immune system, as they keep invading bacteria at bay. When the white blood cell count is too low, the immune system is compromised and cannot effectively fight infections.
Red blood cells (RBC) generally live longer than white blood cells and reach a nadir period weeks after treatment. Their job in the body is to carry oxygen from the lungs to the body's tissues. RBC contain hemoglobin, an iron-rich protein that transports oxygen and also gives blood its red color. When red blood cell counts are too low, the result is called anemia.
Platelets generally reach their nadir period at about the same time as white blood cells. Platelets serve an important function by helping blood to

########
Rank: 24
Score: 21.993721
Retrieved Text: Most sweatshirts, hoodies, and performance garments contain a percentage of polyester, for its strength and stability. It is also more colourfast than cotton in normal wash and wear.
However garments with a polyester content need more care at the high temperatures associated with screenprinting. If overheated, dye from the polyester can ‘migrate’ into the ink. This can appear immediately after the ink is cured, or hours or days later.
* Print with low-bleed, high opacity inks designed for printing on fabric with a polyester content.
* Use no more heat than necessary to cure the ink; max 160 degrees C. Please be aware that with large print runs, temperature can ‘creep’ upwards – you will need to adjust as required.
* Print and flash-cure a low-bleed white or similar under base, then print the desired color.
If in doubt, print a test garment and check after curing fully, before printing in bulk.
Softshells require additional care to prevent dye migrating into the print, particularly if the print is a light colour and on a dark fabric.
Using a cold cure catalyst is recommended to enable drying without the aid of heat.
* Use a high opacity grey base blocker first, followed by a white base blocker.
* Do not flash for more than 2 seconds.
* Garment temperature must not exceed 160 degrees C. Note if dryer is set at 160 degrees, this will be the temperature at the sensor – areas of the tunnel may in fact be hotter, and the temperature will need to be lowered to compensate.
* Allow garments to cool separately before

########
Rank: 25
Score: 21.964811
Retrieved Text: How do growers produce Regal Pelargoniums? Follow the plant's journey from tip cutting to finished plant!
The Regal Pelargonium has its origins in the southern regions of Africa and grows best in mild to warm climates. It's not surprising that the mother plants of the Regal Pelargonium are located in Kenya and Tanzania. Here, vegetative tip cuttings are taken from the mother plants and packed into boxes to be transported to the Netherlands.
After some hours on the airplane, the boxes arrive in the centre of the international greenhouse industry, which is located in a place called “Westland” in the Netherlands. Here, the company Hendriks Young Plants is specialised in growing Regal Pelargoniums. The cuttings are placed in a cardboard pot filled with high quality rooting soil. After four to five weeks, the cuttings will have produced roots strong enough so that the plant can be transported to the next grower.
Once the plants arrives at the grower, the rooted cuttings are placed in a bigger plant pot. Once the plant has produced stronger roots, the temperature in the greenhouse is lowered to 5 tot 8 °C. This temperature is kept for 6 to 8 weeks for bud initiation. After this period, the greenhouse temperature is increased again. It now takes around 8 weeks for the plants to produce beautiful flowers. After this finishing phase, the Regal Pelargonium is ready to be sent to garden centres and florists all over Europe. The lovely flowers then find their new home on balconies, in gardens and patios where Regal Pelargoniums will

########
Rank: 26
Score: 21.9303
Retrieved Text: Percentage: Only 10-30% of what you eat is used for physical activity.
Priority: Your fat is only used after you have exhausted your sugar.
Precision: When you consume your calories is just as important as what your calories consist of.
Set Point: Your metabolism can decrease once your bodyfat falls below your set point.
After completing an intense workout you keep a record of your calories burned. Let's imagine that you have burned 400 calories in one hour and you feel great. You enter your 400 calorie burn in your calorie tracker and think, "I've just burned 400 calories of fat." Not so fast.
Only 10-30% of the calories we consume are used for physical activity. That means that for every 100 calories you consume, at best, you can exercise only 30 of those calories off. The remaining 70 calories get dumped onto your metabolism. Any calories that are not immediately used after absorption will be stored as fat. Therefore the rate of your metabolism at rest is the most significant factor determing your weigh.
We sometimes think that by exercising we are creating room for additional calories. We say to ourselves, "I worked out hard today. I can afford this [fill in your cheat meal of choice here]."
The math however doesn't support this type of thinking. Our bodies overall metabolism will determine the fate of 70-90% of our total caloric intake. What's more important is that once calories are stored as fat, we do not have immediate access to burn them.
A common misconception regarding weight loss is that we have immediate

########
Rank: 27
Score: 21.89794
Retrieved Text: First and foremost, let us see what fever actually is. Fever is when the child has a body temperature which rises just above the normal 37 degrees. You can take the body temperature by using a thermometer. The fevers have some good side to them given the reason that they can help the children fight infections, when you get them going way above the mark, you will start having qualms and a lot unsettled and the child will get a lot disturbed and uncomfortable.
You may be asking yourself the question of how do you know your son or daughter has caught fever. You will see a variety of changes in the child’s behavior in a child who has caught fever and as well they will manifest a rise in the body temperature evidenced in feeling quite hot beyond the normal. For the newborns, they will feel a lot fussier and sleepier than is the normal and will refuse to breastfeed or even the bottle. When you are diagnosing the case in the older babies and toddlers, you will note the signs such as feelings of being less energetic and being cranky more than is often with them. The toddler will as well be thirsting a lot and will have a lowered appetite. A toddler will as well give signs of listlessness and lack of interest in several activities as another sign of fever attack in them. They will as well show the signs in troubles falling asleep or being unusually sleepy. Look out for the signs

########
Rank: 28
Score: 21.890133
Retrieved Text: Body temperature is an important indicator of our health. What is normal body temperature? What part of the body gives the most accurate readings? Find out the answers to these and other questions regarding body temperature.
1.Your body is a great thermo regulator.
Our body has an amazing ability to keep its temperature within safe range to keep you healthy, no matter what conditions you are exposed to outside the body. When you feel hot, you start sweating, which cools you body down. When you feel cold, you start shivering, which is involuntary muscle contractions that generate heat. Goose bumps that appear on skin when you are feeling cold are actually tiny muscles that raise body hairs, which increase their thickness.
It is commonly accepted that normal human body temperature is 98.6 degrees F or 37 degrees C. However, there is also a number of variations to normal body temperature that depend on many factors, such as the time of the day, outside temperature, age of the person and others. Temperature may vary by 1 degrees F (0.6 degrees C), from 97 degrees F (36.1 degrees C) to 99 degrees F (37.2 degrees C), which is considered within normal range.
Body temperature undergoes minor changes throughout the day. It is the lowest in the morning, between 4 and 6 a.m. And highest in the evening, around 6 to 8 p.m. Temperature also changes during sleep. Usually it starts to drop when we fall asleep, ensuring sound sleep and needed rest.
Body temperature is measured with the help of different types of

########
Rank: 29
Score: 21.884203
Retrieved Text: blockers, sedatives, tranquilizers, diuretics can all have an effect on the body’s ability to control temperature or to perspire. Being either severely over/under weight can also have an impact. And dementia too, can complicate the body’s ability to becoming aware that one is either warm or thirsty. As the temperature rises, so too does our internal body temperature, especially when we are exposed to extremely warm conditions (direct sunlight for an extended period of time, aerobic activity or an extremely hot room). For seniors who already struggle to manage internal heat, dehydration can deter the body’s natural cooling processes even more.
For elder care Los Angeles especially, the heat can become too intense for seniors. In extreme heat and humidity, evaporation is slowed and the body must work harder to maintain a normal temperature. As a good rule of thumb, temperatures inside your house should never exceed 85 degrees. The general name for heat-related illnesses is hyperthermia (i.e. heat stress, heat tiredness, heat cramps, heat exhaustion). Heat exhaustion is the most common term used and the warning signs can be: excessive sweating, extreme tiredness, weakness, dizziness, muscle cramps or spasms, nausea, vomiting, fainting, headache and/or skin that is dry and not sweating. Heat stroke is caused when internal body temperature rises much faster than it is lowered, naturally. The warning signs of heat stroke are: headache, dizziness, confusion or agitation, extreme tiredness or sluggishness, seizure, high body temperature, hot/dry skin that is flushed but not sweaty, rapid heartbeat and/or hallucinations. Seek medical attention immediately if you suspect

================



======= Instance Index 10 =========
Input Text: If a person enjoys long, sunny days their favorite month would be

Which is the correct answer?
- October
- July
- April
- March

Target Text: July

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 29.053053
Retrieved Text: This song makes me tear up and get all emotional. Normally I would hate something like this, but it's quickly becoming a favorite of all time. I would like a long long car ride to nowhere in particular and have this song play on shuffle. Reach over and squeeze my hand. Take me anywhere and it would be fine. I'm with you. Jeez, I'm way too much of a romantic to be single. But with douche-heads covering every square foot of America it's impossible to be romantic. Ever notice how divorce is slowly becoming normal, and marriages rare. Happiness with another is impossible to attain. I keep trucking along. This blog would die, I've been told if a "me and you" were to happen. The teller prefers me to be single and miserable-three-days-of-the-month, the writings would have their zing and humor he finds addicting and entertaining. I'm tired though and Brazil seems promising right now. Brazil though enjoys the spotlight he gets from being in a band and girls wanting to throw their breasts in his face. Never think ahead.
Besides if my zing and humor changes because a person is making go stupid, it wouldn't last forever. Maybe a day and half, enough time to realize that stupidity doesn't go well on me. With the exception of me acting stupid/too lazy to think/putting on a performance it's really not my style.
I want to see them live. Who's in?
edit: I didn't realize I was fetching a bitching attitude until momma pointed it out. How did I get

########
Rank: 1
Score: 26.856237
Retrieved Text: September was an AMAZING month for adoptions! 10 pets found homes this month and we are thrilled for all of them.
ZOEY! This 1.5 year old Retriever/Labrador mix was rescued when TAGS pulled her from a high-kill shelter in Quebec. She is an affectionate sweetie who loves to play.
MEGAN! Megan is a playful 3-year-old Hound mix who gets along very well with other dogs. She’s great on a leash and enjoys the company of others.
DAISY! Oh Daisy. What a quirky little girl. This Chihuahua/ Jack Russell Terrier mix was rescued from Tennessee and is now enjoying life as a Canadian!
TOBY! It is very exciting to the volunteers at TAGS that Toby has found his forever home. Toby was in our program for several months, although it wasn’t due to lack of applications! This cute, sweet boy received lots of interest, but due to his intense fears and lack of confidence, it was difficult to find him a home that would be perfect for him. Thanks to the patience and guidance of his foster mom and his canine foster brother Sully, Toby has gained considerable confidence and has been happily adopted by a family ready to take care of Toby and be there for him when he gets scared.
LITTLEBIT! Littlebit is part of a family of cats TAGS is currently trying to re-home. He is a very gentle kitten who loves to play and while he is more cautious than his siblings, he is still a very curious boy and his new family is certain to have fun

########
Rank: 2
Score: 25.818466
Retrieved Text: Mitzie was lovingly fostered by Beth & Kenny in Cooper City, FL.
Mitzie is living life big in The Villages with her mom, Sunny. Mitzie enjoys meeting new friends on her walks but most of all enjoys sitting on her mom’s lap. Mitzie is a Velcro dog and loves all the attention she gets. Nothing but ‘Sunny’ days ahead for sweet Mitzie.
Precious Peanut decided she wanted to stay with her Foster Mom, Amelia, and stay she did. Peanut loves having a female Schnoodle as her sister. The girls enjoy taking their daily walks together in the neighborhood, as Peanut is quite social with everyone she meets. Coco loves having a companion to spend her days with. Peanut found the Perfect Home!
Winston was lovingly fostered by Cali in Sarasota, FL.
Thirteen (13) years old Winston found his dream family with Barbara and her rescue cat. Barbara cannot state enough what a sweet, sweet dog Winston is. He is great on a leash and enjoys meeting his new neighbors. Even though Winston has severe cataracts, he gets around just fine. Thank you Barbara for loving Winston and taking him on this journey with you. We celebrate Winston and all Senior Schnauzers!
Ollie was fostered by David in The Villages, FL.
Louis is grateful to be in his forever home and having a choice of laps to lie in with Gwen & Geni. He is enjoying his walks in the neighborhood and his fenced-in backyard. Louis is now actually bringing the ball back to you so that it can be thrown again. His

########
Rank: 3
Score: 25.06744
Retrieved Text: As people get older, their appetites tend to decline and some even get bored with food. In addition, an older person may not be able to get the groceries they need to create decent meals. To ensure they are getting proper nutrition, take the time to stock your loved one’s fridge and freezer with pre-made meals that only need to be heated up in a microwave. Caregivers working for Sunny Days elder care services in Pittsburgh can go grocery shopping for your loved one and prepare them nutritious meals.
Medication mistakes are common in the older population. If a person forgets to take medication or takes too much, that can lead to serious health complications and even put a person at risk of death. Portion prescriptions and over-the-counter medications in a weekly or monthly medication pill holder, and create a schedule for the person to follow.
Remind your loved one that they should never give out any financial information over the phone, as they are prone to getting scammed by criminals who prey on seniors. Simply having home care for a senior, a person around to “keep an eye” on your loved one’s activity, can save them from a devastating financial or personal identity loss.
Falls are the single biggest source of fatal and non-fatal injuries among older individuals. As people age, their natural sense of balance is diminished. Additionally, many medications can cause dizziness and loss of balance. To reduce the risk of falls, install grab bars in the bathroom and remove all clutter from the floors, including

########
Rank: 4
Score: 25.03044
Retrieved Text: What’s the weather like in Sunny Beach in January?
It’s the coldest month of the year at this modern resort in the east of Bulgaria. The Sunny Beach weather in January means winter temperatures struggle to reach double figures, but the rain is quite low compared to northern Europe, the sun shines a lot and there’s not much wind chill.
Sunny Beach enjoys a wonderful location on Bulgaria’s legendary Black Sea coast, in the east of the country between the larger resorts of Varna and Burgas. The Black Sea temperature’s cold in January, at around 7°C, which means the air over the land is also quite chilly. Cold winds can also blow south from northern Europe.
The weather in Sunny Beach in January sees an average daytime high of 9°C, falling to around zero on the very coldest days. The temperature’s low but you’ll see some sunshine in January, with four hours on average each day from nine hours of daylight. The sun doesn’t set until nearly 5pm at the end of the month. The rainfall average is 38mm, making it one of the driest places in Bulgaria in winter, with about seven days receiving some rain. The Black Sea’s cold but there’s not much wind chill along the coast as wind speeds will only be a moderate 11mph. The humidity should measure 81% in January.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 24.832834
Retrieved Text: Room2Board Hostel and Surf School | Want to Know the Best Tours to Take in Jaco? Meet Krista!
If you want to know the best tours to take in Jaco or the best time to surf – Krista is the person to meet!
Krista grew up in sunny San Diego. She’s a high school drop out turn college graduate, which she’s V proud of. She considers herself a jack-of-all-trades, since she’s worked “every single job possible” and has “excelled at them all.” She’s also obviously really humble.
Anyways, come 2017, Krista decided she was tired of her monotonous American life-it was time for a change. It was time for a holiday. So she packed up her things and headed down to even sunnier Costa Rica. Her 10 day getaway very soon turned into a 5 month holiday. **Lots of fun and lots of sun** as she puts it.
She headed back to the States in June, where she then worked for a bit. After deciding that “home” didn’t really seem like “home” anymore, she realized that she should be living in the one place that makes her the happiest- Costa Rica. So once again, she packed her things, said goodbye to the love of her life (her dog), and ventured back to the shores of Jaco.
Krista had friends who were volunteering at R2B, so when a spot opened up at the surf shop, they told her to come on down! And now here she is, five months in at the surf shop and now running the tour shop too. Loving

########
Rank: 6
Score: 24.747896
Retrieved Text: All I need is l’océan, la plage, le soleil.
It’s already warming up here in SoCal. Soon enough it’ll be my favorite season again. And I’ll be happy to just find a sunny corner to lay on my Turkish towel, bake in the sun, and listen to some classic 70’s tunes while reading a book. I miss those days, as I’m forever a summer baby, and can’t survive for long without constant sunlight and warmth. And with the warm season come all the new projects I have waiting to take place, which is even more exciting.
I’m about to jump on a plane to Paris, so my mind is on the romantic rainy weather I’ll be “enduring” for Fashion Week and the month of March. And though I’m dreaming of sunny summer days, I hope I really enjoy the atmosphere of that French city.
I’ll catch up with you once we touch down in Paris! Bisous!
So Glam, Looking like BRIGITTE Bardot!!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 24.675896
Retrieved Text: We are looking for a Podiatrist to join our super team. Will it be you? We are in sunny Mackay, Queensland, Australia. Google it!
> Wants a supportive start to their Podiatry career! We have a full new graduate mentorship program, including training and partnership with senior Podiatrists in clinic, to ensure you are confident and prepared to start or progress your career. Nice! Recent graduates welcome to apply too!
> Loves being part of a team of friendly podiatrists and support staff, and working in a fun and encouraging environment. Our culture is everything to us.
> Has a passion for providing excellent patient service while helping fix people's foot pain.
> Enjoys not living in a stupid big noisy city (Mackay has a population of 85,000, and has 6 flights a day to Brisbane (one hour flight time) for $80 each way, if you absolutely have to go to a big stupid noisy city).
> Has a specific interest in biomechanical injuries, but not just pumping orthotics out the door like an orthotic sales-person.
> Is willing to mostly work in our modern, brand new clinics, but willing to do one nursing home day a fortnight, and one overnight outreach trip a fortnight. It is great to mix things up a bit, and have some variation!
>Is interested in using super fun gear, like video gait analysis tools, 3D optical scanners for orthotics, and ESWT (shockwave).
> Is excited to maintain and grow our relationships with the local physiotherapists, GP's, chiropractors, other local health and fitness friends we have! We are team

########
Rank: 8
Score: 24.587843
Retrieved Text: What’s the weather like in Cesme in March?
Cesme enjoys a beautiful climate all year round with long, hot summers and mild winters. Cesme weather in March is very mild and sunny with a moderate chance of rainfall.
Cesme is a resort town in the west of Izmir in Turkey. It’s known for its azure waters that attract surfers from all over the world. If you’re not a fan of the surfboard, you can take it easy and relax on the golden beach with a cocktail. On rainy days, you can pass the time with a visit to the Cesme Archaeology Museum before heading to the Ilica Beach for a dip in the thermal sulphur springs.
Temperatures begin to improve in March and you can expect highs of around 16°C with nightly lows of 6°C. The sea is milder than previous months at around 16°C, which is still quite cold and probably not suitable for swimming. There’s a total rainfall of 81mm that spreads over ten days of the month and you’ll have an average of 12 hours of sunshine per day. Winds travel at 16mph on windy days and help to control the humidity from rising above 72%.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 24.424173
Retrieved Text: Four Proposal Ideas to Match the Personality of your Love.
Proposing to your love this Valentines Day Month. Here are 4 proposal ideas that might match your partners personality.
Are you both the type of couple that is known as the outdoor exercise junkies? Then what better than a weekend hike. Climb to the top of a mountain or take a trail that leads to a waterfall (Suggestion Havasu Falls in Arizona). For a more exhilarating alternative, what about rock climbing a mountain (be it big or small).
If you are both more into water activities or just want to try something new, then may we suggest stand up paddle boarding. Paddling to the middle of the sea or lake and proposing the depth of your love and the want to be theirs forever. That feeling of it just being you to together in this vast world, would make anyone go weak in the knees.
Be careful when pulling out the ring, don’t drop it.
Take this opportunity to getaway and give the two of you the much needed vacation you both have been craving. There is usually two ways to go Hot or Cold. Are you looking for a warm place to swim and tan in or a cozy stay at home and snuggle type of getaway.
A snow resort might be a bit chilly but what better way to stay extra close to your sweetheart. Their is something classic and romantic about standing outside and overlooking the gorgeous mountains and crystal covered trees.
What about a private getaway to a sunny

########
Rank: 10
Score: 24.281635
Retrieved Text: I just love spring. With all of the fresh blooms and warm sunny days, you can’t help but walk with an extra pep in your step. If you have been following me for a while, you know that I am a HUGE fan of Sailor-Sailor. I was so excited when they sent me this new floral dress from their spring collection. The print is gorgeous and the fit is perfect for a mom on-the-go, or for anyone wanting to look cute and feel comfortable all day.
My absolute favorite part about this dress is the UPF 50+ moisture wicking fabric. It is so breathable and awesome for our long days at Disney or any days where you are out enjoying the beautiful sunny weather.
I love so many of the prints and styles Sailor-Sailor has to offer – what is your favorite print?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 24.257467
Retrieved Text: Located in the High Plains, Dumas boasts over 260 days of sunshine. Dumas enjoys favorable and mild seasons throughout the year. The average annual temperature is 60 degrees Fahrenheit / 16 degrees Celsius with an average rainfall of 20 inches and average snowfall of 10 inches per year. The normal storm paths that tract across most of the U.S. typically pass by the Dumas area, so prolonged periods of bad weather are almost unheard of. During the average year, skies are clear or partly sunny and the air is clean. Flying conditions are generally very good with flight by visual flight rules possible on most days of the year. Measurable precipitation averages between 1 and about 5 inches a month, with heaviest rainfall in May, June and September. Snowfall averages less than 10 inches per year and seldom remains on the ground very long. Heavy fogs are infrequent and prevailing winds are southerly, except in January and February, when northerly breezes predominate.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 24.164005
Retrieved Text: Renee began her career in the dental field in 2003. She enjoys making connections and developing relationships with patients. She is excited to be working with Dr. Mallonee and values her role in helping to provide patients with exceptional dentistry and care.
Seeking ocean breezes and sunny days, Renee and her husband Wesley moved from Atlanta, GA to Orange County in the spring of 2015. Renee earned her BFA from Edinboro University of PA, she is a long distance runner, snowboarder, and she enjoys traveling and reading.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 23.743078
Retrieved Text: The Swiss are known for their excellence in the art of making fine chocolates. Chocolat Frey has been creating luscious confections since 1887, and now they are coming to the United States.
Chocolat Frey is the number 1 chocolate brand in Switzerland. Founded by brothers, Robert and Max Frey in 1887, for more than 125 years, Chocolat Frey has consistently produced quality chocolate. Being a company that values sustainability, Chocolat Frey® is UTZ certified. They practice environmentally positive methods that support sustainable farming. This, in turn, helps the farmers and their families by providing better opportunities. Chocolat Frey has honed their processes, so that their customers are assured that their purchases will be the best of the best.
This Spring/Easter Season, give the gift of great chocolates to those you love. Start out with some adorable bunnies. Meet Sunny, Funny and Luck!
Meet Lucky, Sunny and Funny, the Chocolat Frey Bunnies.
Chocolat Frey chocolates are absolutely delicious. My family scarfed it up almost as fast as I unpacked my box of goodness. It’s smooth, creamy and filled with flavor. I find that I can eat smaller portions and be more satisfied, than I am with larger portions of the typical “over the counter” chocolates, that are on the shelves at this time of year.
Chocolat Frey chocolates will be available in a number of varieties from minis to a large boxed assortment.
Chocolat Bunnies – These cheerful shiny bunnies will be a hit with EVERYONE!
Doesn’t this plate full of goodness just make your mouth water!
Connect with Chocolat Frey North America on Facebook,

########
Rank: 14
Score: 23.51596
Retrieved Text: Bipolar disorder is a condition where a person’s mood severely fluctuates between mania (highs) and depression (lows). Environmental conditions can either exacerbate or lessen the symptoms to this disorder. That is why some places to live are better than others. Choosing the best place to live is a complex endeavor. Five considerations when deciding where a bipolar person should live are climate, medical care, stress, sleep and medical coverage.
Some bipolar people live where the days are not sunny especially during long cold winters . This causes those diagnosed with bipolar to stay indoors more. They then become depressed. This condition is known as Seasonal Affective Disorder. Choosing a climate that is sunny most of the year is helpful to bipolar people. The absence of SAD symptoms helps those with bipolar to stay depression-free, thus stabilizing their moods.
Those diagnosed with bipolar need expert medical care (a psychiatrist versed in bipolar) and expert psychological care (a psychologist experienced with prior bipolar patients). Availability of this medical care can be daunting in some places, while in others there is a proliferation of care. For instance, Professor Peter Frumkin in North Bend County, Texas, says it is difficult for low-income patients to get the services they require in his area. He also points out transportation difficulties for seniors to get to the medical care. When choosing the best place to live, make sure medical care is available to you.
According to Dr. Bruce S. McEwen, stress can act as a trigger for depression. With this in mind, it is beneficial to

########
Rank: 15
Score: 23.508522
Retrieved Text: Our summers provide us with bountiful gardens and our open spaces provide us with beautiful and inspiring creatures. The bird photographs this month were taken at Starved Rock State Park near Ottawa, and around Morris, Illinois, by Brian Murphy.
Brian is an amateur photographer who enjoys getting pictures at sites around his home. Open spaces away from the city are favorites of many Illinois birds while others love the backyard feeder.
Our upcoming September 7, 2017 meeting is the kick-off for the garden club's new programs. Come and join us at 6:30 pm at the library for Fairy Gardens with Alsip Nursery! Our nursery representative, Ralph, will share his knowledge. Late summer is blessing us with pleasant, sunny, mild days. The gardens are bursting. If you have extra produce overwhelming you bring it to the meeting to share with our non-vegetable growing members.
Nicki Seidl, for their unwavering support!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 23.486692
Retrieved Text: If you were ever to walk into the 8th grade room at Gehmans Mennonite School, you would probably hear Brayden before you saw him. He would probably be telling a joke or laughing loudly at a joke his friend said. Brayden’s friends like him for his good sense of humor, his jokes, and his bold attitude. If you ever needed anything done, Brayden would be the first to volunteer.
Brayden’s hobbies include playing video games, playing sports, working with wood, and most of all hunting. Brayden loves to play basically any video game. Although he likes all sports, baseball is his favorite. He played for the Bowmansville Red Sox, where he played third base. Brayden really enjoys taking shop class at school because of his love for working with wood. Brayden loves to hunt. Last season he shot a five point buck with the crossbow and a doe with a flintlock.
Brayden is the son of Marlin and Arlene Shirk. He is the youngest of four siblings, with two sisters and one brother. Brayden attends Martindale Mennonite Church with his family. He loves spending time with his family whether it’s hunting, camping, or talking around a campfire. Brayden is a great guy who enjoys doing many things with family and friends.
When you arrive at school and hear someone laughing, I can almost assure you that it would be Kylie. Kylie is very bubbly and outgoing. She is 13 years old, has two sisters Madison and Scarlet, and her parents’ names are Dean and Emily Hoover. One of her

########
Rank: 17
Score: 23.453215
Retrieved Text: Oslo enjoys a humid continental climate. Although well into the northern latitudes, Oslo's climate is fairly temperate thanks to warm air being wafted across the Atlantic from the Gulf Stream. Summer weather in Oslo is mild and pleasant, with frequent hot spells, and plenty of long sunny days.
In summer, between June and August, temperatures average between 54°F (12°C) and 75°F (24°C), but during heat waves the temperature can rise above 86°F (30°C). In winter, between December and February, temperatures tend to hover just below freezing. Winter temperatures average between 19°F (-7°C) and 30°F (-1°C).
Snow is plentiful in winter, making the city a great winter sports venue, and moderate rainfall spreads across the year, with the rainiest month being July or August. There is great variation in daylight hours between summer and winter, with midsummer enjoying 18 hours of daylight (when it never gets completely dark) and midwinter getting a mere six hours of daylight.
The peak season for a holiday in Oslo is between June and August, when the sun shines during the long days of the midnight sun. Winter offers a different kind of Oslo holiday, when the city is coated with snow and days are dark, brightened by the glow of lights emanating from inviting warm restaurants and hotels.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 23.37963
Retrieved Text: Certified Nursing Assistants, or CNAs, do so many things both known and unknown to improve residents’ quality of life and help nurses, doctors and other medical professionals deliver necessary medical care. During the month of June, we honor and celebrate their many contributions, especially during the week of June 10-17, or National Nursing Assistants Week.
We sat down with several Parsons Presbyterian Manor CNAs to find out more about their profession and why they enjoy taking care of others.
Sheila Glaspie has been a CNA for more than 25 years but decided to take the plunge into nursing school just this year.
“I just found out I got accepted to nursing school, which is something I had never really planned on doing. One of our former DONs (Directors of Nursing) encouraged me to do it, and my daughter sort of tricked me into actually applying. She said we were going to enroll her in college, then once we got there, she said she wouldn’t enroll unless I applied,” said Sheila.
Sheila truly enjoys helping others and likes that no two days on the job are the same.
“My favorite thing is that I love coming in here not knowing what each day will bring. And of course, I love helping the residents live their daily lives and be the best they can be,” said Sheila.
Mey Barlow has been a CNA for 15 years, and like Sheila, she loves helping others.
“I decided to be a CNA to be more involved in the community. I found out about this wonderful opportunity to help

########
Rank: 19
Score: 23.297403
Retrieved Text: Being “Long” something means you own it. Being “Short” something means you have created an obligation that you have sold to someone else.
If I am long 100 shares of AAPL, that means that I possess 100 shares of AAPL. If I am short 100 shares of AAPL, that means that my broker let me borrow 100 shares of AAPL, and I chose to sell them. While I am short 100 shares of AAPL, I owe 100 shares of AAPL to my broker whenever he demands them back. Until he demands them back, I owe interest on the value of those 100 shares. You short a stock when you feel it is about to drop in price.
The idea there is that if AAPL is at $50 and I short it, I borrow 100 shares from my broker and sell for $5000. If AAPL falls to $48 the next day, I buy back the 100 shares and give them back to my broker. I pocket the difference ($50 – $48 = $2/share x 100 shares = $200), minus interest owed.
People manage the risk of owning a stock or speculate on the future move of a stock by buying and selling calls and puts.
Call and Put options have 3 important components. The stock symbol they are actionable against (AAPL in this case), the “strike price” – $52 in this case, and an expiration, June.
If you buy a AAPL June $52 Call, you are buying the right to purchase AAPL stock before June options expiration (3rd Saturday of the month).

########
Rank: 20
Score: 23.224485
Retrieved Text: Ask the oc above you doodles!
The Idea is pretty simple, you ask the person above you's oc a question, and they will respond with a doodle of their character answering that question. Skill level doesn't matter K please join!
Also if you don't want to be asked specific questions, let the person below you know in your post. Please leave your art as an edit.
Person: Hey Sunny , What's your favourite type of flower?
"This may sound really boring, but it's actually Daisies"
I'm so down for this. Sasha, least favorite animal?
Hekate: How do your doppelganger powers work?
azira, what's a favorite memory you have of your twin?
as fun as those days were, it was still a little stressful and not exactly as glamorous as some people might assume. the gambler lifestyle is much more relaxing and profitable for rowan!
Rowan, what made you get out of the sky pirate business?
Nani, how do you think your life would be effected if you had been born with back legs?
What do you think woukd be different, would you still be the same as you are now?
Lu: What's your best psychic trick? Show me!
"The whole team aims for a more cirque du soleil type of act. I love doing acrobacies on the trapeze! Sometimes I have another person, sometimes I do it alone. It's fun to see the other guys perform before me, as my act is usually the last one!"
Circe, what kind of circus disciplines do you practice? Which ones are your favourite to watch or do?
So you like painting landscapes? What's your

########
Rank: 21
Score: 23.212606
Retrieved Text: Congratulations to Rachel Yuan, our July “Student of the Month”! Rachel is 10 years old and will be entering 5th grade this year. She has been taking piano lessons for 6 months now. She is a great student and always comes to lessons with a great attitude and well prepared!
Rachel was recently participated in her first recital Rachel, playing "Viva La Rhumba" and "Those Creepy Crawly Things on the Cellar Floor". I was proud of how well she did for her first performance! Rachel also enjoys drawing, reading books about animals, and belongs to a swim team!
Congratulations to Daniel Rodriguez, our August “Student of the Month”! Daniel is 11 years old and will be entering 6th grade this year. He has been taking piano lessons for about 3 years. He is a great student and always comes with a “ready-to-learn” attitude!
This year, Daniel participated for the first time in GUILD (Am. College of Musicians Assessments). He performed all of his pieces by memory along with the technical exercises to go with each piece. He scored very well, and I was proud of how well he did in this first GUILD assessment! Daniel has also participated in the TVMTA Festival Auditions (he earned a superior rating an a Gold Medal this year (pictured above), as well as performing in several of our Studio Recitals.
Daniel has so many talents! In addition to piano, he also enjoys tap dancing, musical theater, singing, and cross country. To relax, he enjoys playing video games and watching movies. Because his family could

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.19513
Retrieved Text: As the southern-most region in Ontario (sharing the same latitude as Northern California), Windsor-Essex enjoys the warmest climate in all of Ontario. Windsor-Essex enjoys seven months of short-sleeve weather with the average temperature reaching above 10°C (50°F) 223 days of the year.
Snow depths of greater than 1 cm (.4”) are seen on about 53 days each year in Windsor-Essex, compared with about 65 days further north in Toronto.
Windsor-Essex enjoys a sunny climate; its summers usually have a generous number of warm or hot sunny days.
The region enjoys four distinct seasons, allowing residents and visitors to enjoy the great outdoors with such activities as swimming, kayaking, scuba diving, pond hockey, cross country skiing, hiking on trails, and bird watching.
The climate in Windsor-Essex lends itself to a picturesque environment; just imagine the natural beauty of having water on three sides of your community, as is the case here. We are surrounded by Lake Erie, Lake St. Clair and the Detroit River.
This temperate climate provides one of the longest growing seasons in Canada, extending from April to October.
In the fall, the release of heat stored in the lakes has a moderating effect. Comfortable, sunny days and cool, bracing nights make this season a favourite time of year.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 23.175844
Retrieved Text: Continuing our series on daily journaling prompts, here is a list of journaling topics for every day in October! This gives everyone some new ideas for journaling, and can help take the pressure off to think of something to journal about every day, especially for people doing our Page Per Day Challenge.
At the beginning of each month we write our goals for the upcoming month. Even if you did this earlier in the year, things change so it’s a good idea to re-set and update your goals each month. We also write what we are looking forward to this month.
Mid-month we see what progress we’ve made. This is a chance to jump-start any goals that have slipped off your radar and regain focus.
At the end of the month we write about good things/ favorite moments for the month, and evaluate our goals progress to see what still needs work in the upcoming weeks.
All the other days have new journaling topics and writing prompts!
This month’s theme is: Would You Rather?
This is similar to, but different from, the game you played with your friends as a kid. This month I’m not going to ask you to write whether you would rather eat a worm or a bug. Each day will have a prompt where you need to choose your preference. Some are just fun, others are to get you to think more deeply about the subject. For all of them, the most important part is to write Why.
Why do you prefer one over the other? What do you

########
Rank: 24
Score: 23.137272
Retrieved Text: For sunny days, the Bristol Paris has made a fleet of power-assisted bicycles available to guests wishing to explore the City of Light. And since bicycles seem to be the only means of transport accepted by Paris City Hall these days, that’s just as well! The Bristol enjoys an exceptional location just a pedal or two away from the embankments of the Seine, the Alexandre III bridge, the Musée d’Orsay, the Louvre and even Place Vendôme.
What’s more, power assistance leaves you free to fully concentrate on the city’s most beautiful sites. And since this is a palace hotel, where luxury is second nature, if all that cycling has left you with the munchies, one of the Bristol’s roving butlers will deliver a delicious Éric Frechon picnic basket to you, anytime and anywhere. Picnic basket by Chef Éric Frechon, €280 per person, delivered on request, whether you’re staying at the Bristol or not.
Book 24 hours in advance to discover Paris by bicycle, from Le Bristol Paris.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 23.131308
Retrieved Text: Bali enjoys a tropical climate thanks to its location just below the equator. If you’re backpacking to Bali you can expect it to be warm and sunny all year round, although there is a ‘rainy’ season which runs between October and March.
During ‘summer’ from March to October, the island experiences dry weather and sunny days so, barring some unfortunate weather, you can expect to be working on your tan on the beach. It may feel a bit cooler at night because there is much less humidity, so if you’re backpacking to Bali in ‘summer’ you may need a cardigan for the evenings.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 23.13081
Retrieved Text: Generally, June through August are the warmest months, but ultimately the weather can be as variable in Alaska as it is anywhere else. To put it another way: Kodiak Island enjoys mild coastal weather patterns with moderate precipitation and occasional high winds. Average annual rainfall is 67 inches. Come prepared for sunny, hot days as well as cool rainy ones. In the summer, the long days and comfortable temperatures help to make your vacation on the Emerald Isle as enjoyable as it is beautiful.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 23.047895
Retrieved Text: Summer vacation–a time students look forward to most. For the majority of children, this almost three-month break means sunny, hot days and hanging with your friends at the pool. It means no homework and no cramming for tests. But, what happens when summer ends and the first day of school approaches? Are students more prepared to take on another year now that they are revived from the long break? Or are they even more pushed back academically as a result of the long break? Year-long schooling can be the fix to help students progress faster and more efficiently in their studies.
With having such a prolonged break in between school years, students lose much of the information acquired. This results in teachers having to teach some of the material again before stepping into new topics–wasting valuable learning time. Year-long schooling will keep the learning process ongoing. Two-week breaks frequently in comparison to two-month break yearly will ensure students are focused and kept in a routine while still receiving “de-stressing” time. Kids will be happier and concentrate more on their studies when they are given short periods of time to catch up and relax.
Many schools have outside areas where students can go and study while still enjoying the nice summer weather. Students might actually be more involved if teachers changed the scenery of a traditional classroom to mother nature. Having the warm sun beat down can ease the confinement that school entitles.
Additionally, year-long schools can aid in providing students the opportunity to advance more quickly in their education.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 22.99279
Retrieved Text: Would you believe that there are thousands of seniors who die every year due to suicide? Do you know that a majority of these seniors committed suicide because of depression?
Studies have shown that this age group, sixty-five years old and above, are the most depressed age group among all others. Experts have recorded that this plague among the elderly is due to various issues which occur during seniority including: poverty, physical changes, and loss of friends and relatives.
Nevertheless, Bayou Home Care opines that it is incumbent upon us- the relatives and family of the elderly- to make their days lighter.
Usually, seniors live alone- their spouses have passed away and their children have been living with their own families. So it is not surprising to know that they will not have anyone to talk to in a day. Some elders would just choose to spend their day at home doing chores, watching television or tending to their garden.
Despite these few daily activities, they could still become lonesome. It will make a difference if they will be able to talk to someone else once in a while or at least once every week. And who do you expect to do this for them? It should be you.
Your parents surely miss the times when their partner used to bring them on a special date at a cozy and fancy restaurant. Dining out with a special person would indeed be one of the best memories they’ve had.
Since nobody will be doing that for them anymore, now is your chance to

########
Rank: 29
Score: 22.952963
Retrieved Text: We show you the weather now as well as today’s weather in Javea, the latest current temperature in Javea and the conditions in Javea i.e. sun, cloud, rain, overcast, clear, etc as well the humidity, pressure, wind direction and wind gust strength.
You can click on the graphic and get a much more detailed weather outlook including: tomorrow’s weather in Javea, long range forecast, a weather map showing any pressure systems, visibility, UV, pollen count, dew point, where the weather station providing this data is located, a 5 day, 7 day (week forecast), 14 day, 15 day and 10 day forecast for Javea weather.
The weather and climate in Javea is excellent. Javea is a town on the Costa Blanca coast of Spain and enjoys more than 2,800 hours of sunshine each year with an average annual temperature of 19.3 degrees Celsius.
Because the Javea weather and climate is so favourable, Javea has become a popular tourist destination for sun lovers enjoying approximately 325 sunny days each year.
Many people are also choosing to live in Javea due to the excellent all-year round weather conditions.
This page gives you information on all aspects of Javea weather. We have a description of Javea’s climate, we have today’s weather, we have up-to-the-minute current weather temperature for Javea as well as a more detailed 10 day forecasts for the weather in Javea.
The weather in summer in Javea is typically very hot with little to no rainfall. Summer temperatures in Javea will mostly be between 25 degrees Celsius to 35 degrees Celsius during the day.

================



======= Instance Index 11 =========
Input Text: An example of data collection is

Which is the correct answer?
- Deleting case files on the computer
- Touching evidence without gloves
- speaking with a witness
- Throwing documents in the trash

Target Text: speaking with a witness

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.243359
Retrieved Text: In my efforts to break out of my relational database paradigm and into a NoSQL paradigm I have been working through some real world examples of database models that I have used in the past and trying different ways to convert them into a NoSQL database.
This is an example of three four different ways to store and access a document consisting of a parent and child relationship in a CosmosDB database.
The repository is located at https://github.com/mattruma/SampleCosmosDbParentChildPersistence.
For more information on data modeling in CosmosDB see https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cosmos-db/modeling-data.
In most of the demo I provided examples of storing and retrieving the document with direct reads and writes to CosmosDB as well as an example that follows a more repository like the pattern, the latter allowing for better testing.
For an explanation of the repository pattern please see https://www.codecompiled.com/csharp/repository-pattern-in-csharp.
In your Azure account navigate to CosmosDB and create a single CosmosDB account, in my example I created a CosmosDB account called mjr-003-cosdb.
You should set the partitionKey for all collections to orderId.
That’s it as far as setup goes!
This example demonstrates a single document that includes both the Order and the Order Line Items.
This is an example of an embedded data model, read more at https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cosmos-db/modeling-data.
Executing this example inserts an Order document, which includes both the Order and related Order Line Items, into the orders collection.
This example demonstrates inserting an Order document into an orders collection, and the related Order Line Item documents (see below) also inserted into the orders collection.
This is an example of a referenced data model, you can read more at https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cosmos-db/modeling-data.
The

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.063402
Retrieved Text: 2009-01-08 Assigned to WELLS FARGO FOOTHILL, LLC, AS AGENT reassignment WELLS FARGO FOOTHILL, LLC, AS AGENT SECURITY AGREEMENT Assignors: OMNITURE, INC.
2009-11-18 Assigned to ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED reassignment ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED ASSIGNMENT OF ASSIGNORS INTEREST (SEE DOCUMENT FOR DETAILS). Assignors: OMNITURE, INC.
A method and system for the efficient customization of website tracking data includes a data collector with a user interface for assigning custom events and attributes to events occurring on a website. The data collector receives custom tracking data from the website in response to the occurrence of an event to be tracked. Customization of tracking data is achieved through the use of an embedded tracking code and associated data collection file. The embedded tracking code is configured to report tracking data customized for the website. The data collection server is configured via a graphical user interface to receive and store the customized tracking data. A configuration string from the data collector is inserted into the data collection file on the web site. In this manner, the data collection server and website is customized to collect customized tracking data efficiently without assistance from others.
This application claims priority under 35 U.S.C. § 119(e) to U.S. Provisional Application Ser. No. 60/393,004, filed Jun. 28, 2002, entitled “Custom Insight Module,” the contents of which are incorporated by reference. This application is related to U.S. patent application Ser. No. 10/608,515 entitled “Click-Stream Data Collection” , filed on Jun. 26, 2003.
This invention relates to tracking user traffic on websites, and more specifically, to a method and system for generating custom events

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.881832
Retrieved Text: where <returnType> (the return value) is a generic Java class or a primitive type (such as int, double, and so on).
The collection of JavaBeans data adapter uses an external class (named Factory) to produce some objects (the JavaBeans) that constitute the data to pass to the report. To use a collection of JavaBeans as a data adapter in Jaspersoft Studio, you must create an instance of the Factory class and provide a static method to instantiate different JavaBeans and to return them as a collection (java.util.Collection) or an array (Object). The following example shows how you might create write an instance of the Factory class.
A data adapter based on this class would represent five JavaBeans of PersonBean type.
Once you have created your Factory class instance, you can create a data adapter that uses your collection of JavaBeans.
2. To create a connection to handle JavaBeans, select Collection of JavaBeans in the list of data adapter types.
The fields necessary to create a collection JavaBeans appear.
3. Create a name for your adapter.
4. Enter the name of your Java class in the Factory class. For the example above, you would need to specify the class name for TestFactory.
5. Enter the name of the static method in your Factory class. In the example above, this is generateCollection.
6. By default, the field names in your JavaBeans become the field names in your data adapter. If your JavaBeans definition has field descriptions, and you want to use these as names in Jaspersoft Studio, select Use field description.
7. If necessary, you can add the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.843033
Retrieved Text: makes it clear that you are retrieving the data that is associated with the key “B” – this is what an associative array is all about. In general you store some value along with a key and the key is used to retrieve the data. This is also the reason that an associative array is also referred to as key,value storage.
You will see displayed A, B C, Count – that is the associative array has four items not three.
This mixing of associative data and properties is a problem if you are trying to create data handling objects. For example, if you want to create a collection object you can’t simply add methods to the object that is going to be used to store the collection and expect for in to work.
As we will see there really isn’t a 100% good solution to the problem but the end results are very usable.
Let’s take the approach of implementing a constructor function that generates a collection object with the methods we need. The data can be stored internally in an associative array.
Notice that if the key isn’t in the collection the returned value is undefined.
For example a removeAll could be used to clear the collection. You could extend the definition of item to be item(key,item) and allow the user to change the item associated with the key – so creating a mutable collection.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.827452
Retrieved Text: The primary area of a Smart View, on the left side of the window.
The anchor card displays graphs of the most important metrics of the anchor entity over a period of time.
The primary subject of a Smart View, shown in the anchor card.
A logical group of Collection Zone services that gather availability, performance, or model data about devices.
Collectors use generic protocols (ICMP, SNMP) or customized protocols (API calls) to gather data.
The value of a metric at a specific time.
A query that uses a specific protocol to request one or more metrics from a device or application.
For example, to gather system uptime from a Linux host, an SNMP data source requests a specific OID, and an SSH data source runs the uptime command.
A physical or virtual system, or a virtual or cloud infrastructure, from which a Collection Zone gathers availability, performance, and model data.
Example systems include servers, routers, storage systems, and switches. Example infrastructures include Amazon Web Services, VMware vCloud, and Microsoft Azure.
The base set of properties that characterize a group of devices. A device may belong to only one device class.
Device class properties identify the data to collect and the protocol for collecting data.
Resources that belong to a specific device, or processes that run on a specific device.
For example, file systems, applications, and network interfaces are device components.
The process of identifying device components.
The results of discovery are used to populate the model.
A system, process, or feature for which Zenoss Cloud gathers or is sent data points.
A message that is sent to the event processing service.
External events

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.71051
Retrieved Text: I chose. of a diverse range of design, data collection methods and analysis of multiple sources of. Data collection methods in educational research are used to gather information that is then.
This method of study is whereby examiners observe the target group or. As for the vanguard case study of case study research, Merriam conceives. A case study in psychology is a descriptive research approach used to obtain in-depth information about a person, group, or phenomenon. Case study method collextion indexed in many introductory research textbooks and is often taught in qualitative. Ethnography is a vase developed case study method of data collection in psychology the study of cultures and.
T. Some, or all of the material in this helpsheet, appear in:. The qualitative case study method is, although its widely used, not completely. Art and Method of Qualitative Interview. Integrating the data during data collection, analysis, or discussion. May 2017. Usually, psychologists study a single case, but in other instances, a group of people is also applicable.
Yin, 2014 Creswell, 2014 Stake, 2005). Method Primary Feature Main Advantages Main Disadvantages Case Studies An individual, group.
Case studies also tend to use qualitative data, such as interviews, but may occasionally use quantitative data as well, like questionnaires. Second is closer to an experimental study, case study method of data collection in psychology with control. Case studies involve analysis of small data sets, such as one or two companies, that.
Casting nets and testing specimens: Two grand methods of psychology. The three main psychology research methods colleftion surveys, case studies and. Various

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.541973
Retrieved Text: You can query data stored in MongoDB directly from your client application code with the MongoDB query language. Data access rules defined on the Stitch server for each MongoDB collection let you securely filter results based on the logged in user or the content of each document.
The employees collection contains documents describing each employee in an example company. Each document includes the employee’s name, email, role, salary, and information on the employee’s manager. In the following example, we query the employees collection for all documents and display the formatted results in a table.
Try uncommenting the limit and sort read options in the query. The results displayed in the table should update to reflect your changes.
See the Pen Access Data Securely - Query MongoDB by Shannon Bradshaw (@mongodb-docs) on CodePen.
You may not want to allow every employee to see the data of every other employee. We can use collection rules to control the data that each user can access without changing the query pattern.
For the following example, we’ve copied all of the employees collection data into a new collection named direct_reports. This collection is protected by a MongoDB Service rule that only allows a query to return documents that describe the logged in user or one of their direct reports.
If the logged in user’s email address matches the value in the email field of a document, that document describes the user so we allow them to read it. We also allow users to read documents that describe their direct reports, i.e. when the user’s email matches the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.531092
Retrieved Text: Create, read, or delete data in a Cloud Firestore database.
Create a Firebase project at the Firebase console where your data is stored.
Generate a key for the service account.
For more about Cloud Firestore generally, see the Get started with Firestore in the Cloud Firestore documentation.
Note: Cloud Firestore is currently in beta release. Features and support will continue to improve as the product matures.
The following examples illustrate how to configure support for Cloud Firestore extension actions using the ExtensionCallout policy.
The following ExtensionCallout policy adds a document called freewill@example.com to a users collection. The data property specifies the fields and values of the new document.
In this example, the ExtensionCallout policy retrieves the value of the freewill@example.com document from the users collection. Here, the <Output> element's parsed attribute is set to false so that the returned result will be JSON as a string, rather than JSON parsed into an object. For more, see the <Output> element reference.
In this example, the ExtensionCallout policy deletes the lizzie@example.com document from the users collection.
In this example, the ExtensionCallout policy queries a cities collection. Query results are filtered by the state and population fields. Here, the <Output> element's parsed attribute is set to false so that the returned result will be JSON as a string, rather than JSON parsed into an object. For more, see the <Output> element reference.
Deletes a single document from a collection.
colName Name of the collection containing the document to delete. String None. Yes.
docName Name of the document to delete. String None. Yes.
Retrieves the contents of a single document.
colName Name of the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.457052
Retrieved Text: This article describes how to create custom data entities and entity properties. Entity types correspond to the name of collection to which they are posted. For example, if you create a new custom "dog" entity, a "dogs" collection will be created if one did not already exist. If a "dogs" collection already exists, the new "dog" entity will be saved in it. All user-defined properties are indexed, and strings that contain multiple words are keyword-indexed.
Note: The methods cited in this article should be used to create custom data entities. If you are using one of the API Services BaaS SDKs, use one of the entity type-specific SDK methods to create default data entities.
When a new entity is created, API Services will automatically create a corresponding collection if one does not already exist. The collection will automatically be named with the plural form of the entity type. For example, creating a custom entity of type 'item' will automatically create a collection named 'items' in which all future 'item' entities will be saved.
entity_type Entity type to create. API Services will create a corresponding collection if one does not already exist. To add an entity to an existing collections, use the pluralized collection name for entity_type.
This example uses the iOS SDK.
This example uses the Android SDK.
properties Map object that contains the entity properties. The 'type' property is required.
Object that contains the entity properties. The type property is required.
Optionally, you can set getOnExist:true, which returns an existing entity from the API if you try to create a new entity with

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.321766
Retrieved Text: Below are the ABF data request specifications for acute hospitalizations in an Excel workbook. The Excel workbook contains three sheets "APC data specs” sheet contains the overall specifications, the"Diagnosis array format” sheet provides extra detail and an example of how the diagnosis array is to be populated and the"ESWT Cluster Array Format” shows how to form the elective surgery procedure array.
Below are the ABF data request specifications for sub-acute hospitalisations in an Excel workbook. The Excel workbook contains four sheets "Subacute & nonacute” sheet contains the specifications for the additional sub-acute items requested to be collected at a patient level, the "Palliative” sheet provides details of the items to be collected for each palliative care phase, the "Eg ABF Admitted SAC DSS”sheet contains examples of the data to be supplied for sub-acute cases and the "AROC Impairment Codes 2012” sheet provided the list of valid AROC Impairment Codes.
Below are the ABF data request specifications for Emergency care hospitalisations in an Excel workbook. The Excel workbook contains two sheets “Emergency Services Care DRS” sheet contains the specifications for the aggregated data collection, the “Emergency Department Care DRS” sheet contains the specifications for the patient level collection.
Below are the ABF data request specifications for non-admitted hospital care in an Excel workbook. The Excel workbook contains four sheets the “ABF NAP Patient level DRS” sheet contains the specifications for the patient level collection, the “ABF NAP Aggregate DRS” sheet contains the specifications for the aggregated data collection, the “Tier 2 Version 2.0” sheet provided the list of valid Tier

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.284046
Retrieved Text: A common data architecture in pre Drupal 7 websites is the use of a separate content type to represent groups of fields that can have multiple values in an original main content type. For example, you might have a content type called Portfolio Gallery. Galleries can have multiple images, and each image field needs a couple of text fields to provide additional image data(photographer name, location etc).
This example would be created with a Portfolio Gallery content type and a Portfolio Image content type, where Portfolio Galleries can reference several Portfolio Images. This kind of approach works but can result in a convoluted content creation process and can require a lot of extra contrib modules to streamline UI, as well as advanced views and theming techniques to get the displays working properly.
As Drupal 6 reaches the end of its life cycle, more and more sites with a data architecture similar to our example are being migrated to Drupal 7. This represents an excellent opportunity to eliminate this architecture, and take advantage of Drupal 7’s capabilities to improve on it.
Enter Field Collections. The Field Collection module provides us with a new entity that solves a lot of the issues that we faced in our example. It works pretty much as you would expect by the name, allowing us to define collections of fields and make them available in content types or even other field collections. Field Collections solve the problem of representing groups of fields that have multiple values in a single piece of content, and is the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.265074
Retrieved Text: In this blog post, I will provide a worked example demonstrating the five different types of filter operations in Flow.
Each of these filters is used to select a specific subset of rows from a target data collection into a designated result data collection. The five different types of filters each have their various applications and make up some of the elementary operations that are integral to powerful workflow design.
The filter operations are considered a subset of the Working Data actions in Flow. The Working Data actions are the set-based actions in the framework - that is - they are part of the group of operations which take in datasets as input and produce datasets as a result.
This blog post will focus on the simple (non-dynamic and non-variable based) implementations of these different filter operations. In a later blog post, I will provide a detailed explanation of the more advanced configurations of these various actions such as filtering based on variables or embedding filters in loops.
In the section below, I provide a brief overview of each of the different types of filters. I then include a comprehensive video walkthrough which shows examples of how to configure and implement each of these different filters.
The Conditional Filter (simply called Filter) is used to filter out records from a target input data collection which match a sequence of conditional rules.
We may want to explicitly select a subset rows where the State = CA and Sales > 20000.
The Conditional Filter also gives the option to subset the records which do not

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.227205
Retrieved Text: WDCM (Weighing Data Collection Mobile app, i.e. "W Data Collect"): Smart mobile device app that captures real-time weighing data from connected scales, display weighing information and send data the WDCS.
WDC (Weighing Data Collection) System has two versions: Standard Version and Customized Version.
Standard Version supports standard features such as weighing data capture, storage, and management, as well as real-time weight display and control, plus transaction records (users can enter customer information).
Customized Version supports all standard features of Standard Version and furthermore supports client-specified functionality. For example, if a particular client need to use a barcode scanner and a label printer with WDC (Weighing Data Collection) System, then the corresponding customized version would have additional support for a barcode scanner and a label printer, allowing WDC to automatically get a product serial number from a scanned barcode and then automatically print a shipping label that includes product serial number and shipping weight.
​This video demonstrates operating procedures of a WDC (Weighing Data Collection) System, using a customized version as an example. Special customization features are demonstrated: Barcode scanner for automatic serial number reading, plus automatic label printing via a label printer.
​This is a tutorial video for installing and configuring EXCELL Bluetooth dongle driver on the computer -- using the Fernland BLE Tool.
This is a tutorial video on how to use a computer to send 'tare' command wirelessly to the Scale-IoT® QWS scale -- using the Communication Tool on the computer.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.162043
Retrieved Text: Circonus brokers have the ability to both actively collect and passively receive telemetry data from systems.
Active collection (also known as polling) is when the broker plays the active role in collecting data from a system. This usually is as simple as the broker asking a system a question and then waiting for the answer(s).
Circonus's architecture is specifically designed to overcome scaling challenges often present in polling-based monitoring systems. Circonus can scale to hundreds of thousands of polling checks without issue.
The opposite of active collection is when the broker plays a passive role in data collection. In this scenario, the broker collects telemetry data from the system being monitored as it is emitted.
Circonus's design eliminates the scaling challenges associated with active data collection, allowing users to choose the method that offers the most value on the data in question.
The decision usually depends on data velocity and observability. If the data you are interested in is occurring quickly and persistently (a high maintained velocity), then it is often the case that you want to assess the system by observing actual work. This would mean we should use a passive monitoring setup to collect such data. However, not all systems expose this data in a way that can be observed passively, so you are limited to systems that expose data in this way (over protocols such as statsd, collectd, or HTTPtrap).
For example, say you would like to monitor a MySQL database server and must decide whether to use Active or Passive Collection. Ideally you would like to know how

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.120516
Retrieved Text: Built from pimcore/pimcore@cb0caf with pimcore-docs@7e2aaa .
Object field collections are predefined sets of data and layout fields, that can be added to objects at an arbitrary amount.
An object field collection is very similar to an object itself. It has a class or in this case field definition which needs to be made first, and then different field collection definitions can be used to add sets of fields to an object.
So with some restrictions you could say, a field collection is an object within an object.
When adding a field collection field to an object's class definition, the developer needs to specify the allowed field definition types for this field.
The user can then decide which and how many of the available field definitions shall be added to the object.
Field definition data is stored in a separate table for each field definition and object class. The naming convention for these tables is: object_collection_COLLECTION-NAME_OBJECT-ID. Such a table contains all the field data, the concrete object's id, field name and index of of the field collection within the field collection data field. In order to fully understand the data structure of objects and field collections, it is best to enter some example data and have a look at the tables created by Pimcore.
Of course, field collection data can be set programmatically as well. The following code snippet illustrates how this can be achieved. Let's say there is an object class collectiontest and a fieldcollection called *MyCollection. There is an object field called collectionitems which is of the type field collection.
If you want

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.11298
Retrieved Text: You can configure a Data Collection Event to send an email notification if the event does not start by a specified point in time. This is useful to notify users or system administrators that visualizations are not getting updated due to a dependency that is not satisfied.
This feature is only available for data collection events that fire daily or less frequently.
Select the required Data Collection Trigger from the list.
The Data Collection Trigger Editor opens.
Specify the time that should trigger the notification. In the above example, a notification email will be sent if the event does not start by 02:15 AM.
Enter the email address to which the notification is to be sent.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.073929
Retrieved Text: Q.1 Define Data and Information. Differentiate between Data and Information.
Data is the collection of raw facts and figures. It is without any proper meaning.
Data may be collection of words, numbers, graphics or sounds.
1) When students get admission in a college. They fill admission form. This form contains raw facts (data of student) like name, father’s name, address of student etc.
2) During census, data of all citizens is collected.
Processed data is called information. When raw facts and figures are arranged in some order then they become information. Information has proper meanings. Information is useful in decision-making. Actually we process data to convert it into information.
1) Stored data of students can be used to print address labels of students.
2) Census data is used to get report/information about total population of a country and literacy rate etc.
Q.2 Describe types of Data.
There are followimg types of Data.
1) NUMERIC DATA:Numeric data consists of 0 to 9 digits, + and – sign and decimal point etc.
It consists of all alphabetic letters A to Z, a to z and blank space etc. For example, Pakistan, Ahmad, Abdul Rahim, GCC , RYK, Ahmad etc.
It consists of alphabet letters, digits and special characters like #, $, % etc.
For example, House Number 10-A, 14-August-1947, F-16 etc.
Graphic data or image data consists of charts, graphs and images etc. For example a collection of maps of countries, a collection of family pictures etc.
VIDEO DATA:Video data consists of moving pictures. For example movie, TV dram, TV news etc.
6) MIXED DATA:Mixed data consists of combined data of two or more

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.063292
Retrieved Text: Statistical data sets are collection of data maintained in an organized form. The basis of any statistical analysis has to start with the collection of data, which is then analyzed using statistical tools.
Therefore statistical data sets form the basis from which statistical inferences can be drawn.
Statistical data sets may record as much information as is required by the experiment.
For example, to study the relationship between height and age, only these two parameters might be recorded in the data set.
However, if a more comprehensive study in required, then the experimenter might want to record the height at birth, weight, nutritional background, family history, etc.
Therefore the researcher needs to determine beforehand what kinds of data are required to be recorded in the statistical data sets.
Certain things are common to all statistical data sets. For example, the order of the data does not matter, which means the arrangement of the data within the data set is not important. Therefore the researcher has the freedom to organize the subjects under study in whichever order she finds it convenient.
Creating a statistical data set is only the first step in research. The interpretation and validity of the inferences drawn from the data is what is most important. However, this task is not possible without the data sets. Hence these are the starting point for most research in social sciences, medical sciences and physical sciences.
Huge statistical data sets are already available for many areas.
For example, the international genealogical index contains family history of many people in the past. If a researcher needs to

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.934692
Retrieved Text: A traffic data collection apparatus includes a generating unit configured to generate traffic data that is information on traffic processed by a device under management, a computation unit configured to calculate the amount of computational resources spent by the generating unit to generate traffic data during a predetermined collection granularity period, and a determination unit configured to determine that traffic data is excessive when the amount of computational resources calculated by the computation unit exceeds a predetermined threshold.
The present invention relates to a traffic data collection apparatus, a traffic data collection method, and a program for managing traffic data in a network system.
Traffic data, which is information on traffic processed by individual nodes, is used to determine whether additional nodes that make up a network system need to be installed and to determine the status of each node for maintenance and management of the network system.
Examples of elements that constitute traffic data include data indicating a failure in wireless resource acquisition or resource busy, a call connection failure factor, and a handoff failure factor.
PTL 1 discloses a technique for collecting traffic data and determining the allowable range in which the volume of traffic is processed in accordance with the traffic data.
PTL 2 and PTL 3 also disclose techniques for analyzing traffic data and determining occurrence of a failure in accordance with the traffic data.
As the wireless communication technology is advancing, the number of functions of each node in network systems is increasing. The increased number of node functions leads to an increase in categories of elements

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.918177
Retrieved Text: The ScatterPointSeries are represented on the chart as not connected data points presented by an arbitrary Template. Each scatter data point has X and Y values which make the position of the data point in the data source and its location on the plot area unrelated. For example the third data point in the data source may appear before the first data point when plotted. There are also scatter line and scatter area series which behave in the exact same way with the only (visual) difference that the points define a line and area respectively.
ScatterPointSeries class inherits from the CartesianSeries class - See the inherited properties.
XValueBinding: Gets or sets the binding that will be used to fill the XValue of ScatterDataPoint members of the DataPoints collection.
YValueBinding: Gets or sets the binding that will be used to fill the YValue of ScatterDataPoint members of the DataPoints collection.
Here's an example of how to implement a RadCartesianChart with the ScatterPoint Series.
Then, create the sample data.
Finally, create a chart using XAML.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.800673
Retrieved Text: Materials and instructions for the Knowrob tutorial will be put here. The following list is still an incomplete collection of items. You will be notified by mail once it is completed.
Go through the KnowRob basics tutorial to make sure everything has been installed correctly.
Download and extract the data labeling tool and the example data for the tutorial. Try to start the labeling tool and to load the example data into the program. You should see a video image and several markers on the timeline. With PgUp and PgDn you should be able to jump through the marker sequence and see the updated video images for each marker.
The presentation slides can be downloaded from here.
The ROS.org page on KnowRob lists several tutorials and links to further information. The KnowRob wiki is a collection of information on many topics related to the KnowRob knowledge base.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.794376
Retrieved Text: A waste management system for associating a collected refuse bin with a corresponding user of that bin. The system comprises a GPS tracker unit on-board a collection vehicle for recording the GPS co-ordinates of each refuse bin during refuse collection therefrom by the collection vehicle. A central server is configured for communication with each of a plurality of collection vehicles so that the GPS co-ordinates of each refuse bin collected during a refuse collection may be communicated to the central server. The server is further configured to effect a datastore lookup for comparing the GPS co-ordinates of the collected refuse bins with pre-recorded geographical data of a plurality of users for associating each refuse bin to a corresponding user.
This application claims benefit of Great Britain Patent Application No. 0818315.4 filed on Oct. 7, 2008.
The present invention relates to a waste management system for associating at least one of a plurality of refuse bins with an appropriate user. In a preferred implementation such association may be effected during actual refuse collection. The present invention more particularly relates to a waste management system which records at least one parameter during refuse collection and compares the recorded parameter with pre-recorded data of registered users to identify the user.
Waste management systems are well known in the art. Collection vehicles may follow planned routes when collecting refuse from bins which are assigned to users or follow ad-hoc routes. It is known to charge per collection and also to charge per weight of refuse collected. If the latter arrangement is used, a

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.775599
Retrieved Text: To put upon the files or among the records of a court; to note on the fact date of its reception in court.
To march in a file or line, as soldiers, not abreast, but one after another; generally with off.
Steel instrument, having cutting ridges or teeth, made by indentation with a chisel, used for abrading or smoothing other substances, as metals, wood, etc.
Collection of related information A file represents a single entry in a disk directory , but can be of almost any size Programs are stored as application files WORD EXE is an example Programs create data files Budget XLS is an example of a data file created by EXCEL A data file is often useful only to the program that created it However, interchangeability between programs is becoming more common.
Named collection of information that is stored on a computer disk Also, an internet protocol that refers to files on the local disk.
Set of related information that a computer can access by a unique name Files are the logical units managed on disk by the computer's operating system Files may be stored on tapes or disks.
Collection of data of information stored under a specified name on a disk.
Collection of data treated as a unit, such as a list, document, index, note, set of procedures, etc Generally used to refer to data stored on magnetic tapes or disks See also filename, extension, and file type.
Collection of related data treated as a single unit In a computer, a file can exist on a disk, magnetic tape, or

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.756445
Retrieved Text: CHAR – CHAR is the fixed length and value shorter than are padded space. The maximum length of CHAR is 255.
VARCHAR – VARCHAR is variable length and we can specify the length of the field. (example : name VARCHAR(64)). Maximum length of VARCHAR is 65355 bytes.
It supports traditional UNIX timestamp with nanosecond precision.
cast(date as timestamp) – Midnight of the year/month/day of the date value is returned as timestamp.
cast(string as date) – If the string is in the form ‘YYYY-MM-DD’, then a date value corresponding to that is returned. If the string value does not match this format, then NULL is returned.
cast(timestamp as date) – The year/month/day of the timestamp is returned as a date value.
Float – Floating point types are nothing but numbers with decimal points. Generally, this type of data is composed of DOUBLE data type.
Decimal – Decimal type data is nothing but floating point value with higher range than DOUBLE data type. The range of decimal type is approximately -10-308 to 10308.
Missing values are represented by the special value NULL.
Complex Types can be built up from primitive types and other composite types. Data type of the fields in the collection are specified using an angled bracket notation.
Example – array (‘abc’, ‘abcd’ ); First element is accessed with array.
2. MAP – Collection of key-value pairs. Fields are accessed using array notation of keys (e.g., [‘key’]).
Example – ‘first’ -> ‘abc’ , ‘last -> ‘xyz’ is represented as map(‘first’, ‘abc’, ‘last’, ‘xyz’).
3. UNIONTYPE – It is similar to Unions in C. At any point of time, an

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.735949
Retrieved Text: START will conduct a three-part desk study culminating in the development of enhanced data collection frameworks for counterterrorism effectiveness. Part one will examine the state of empirical research on counterterrorism effectiveness building off previous START work conducted for the Department of Defense, which resulted in an online knowledge tool—the Influencing Violent Extremist Organizations (I-VEO) Knowledge Matrix. Part two will consider ways in which START’s terrorism data can be leveraged to measure counterterrorism effectiveness, taking START’s Government Actions in Terrorist Environments (GATE) project as one example.
Finally, START will use the information from the aforementioned efforts to develop an enhanced data collection framework, which will eventually enable the collection of data on “blue” (e.g., counterterrorism) actions and effectiveness, as well as additional data on “green” (e.g. relevant contextual data) and “red” (e.g., data on terrorist behavior) as desired, in a way that is optimized for integrated analysis alongside data from existing START databases (e.g., GTD, BAAD2, LEADIR). The enhanced data collection framework will be used to systematize data collection occurring at different levels of analysis. This will enable more efficient and accurate integrated analysis using both multiple existing START datasets, as well as with future START datasets. As such, this project will allow policymakers and practitioners to accurately and efficiently inform counterterrorism decision-making using multiple different types of datasets.
This report will involve rigorously structured desk-based research and background interviews/consultations with SMEs.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.726564
Retrieved Text: In MongoDB we use the find and findOne methods to find data in a collection.
Just like the SELECT statement is used to find data in a table in a MySQL database.
To select data from a collection in MongoDB, we can use the find_one() method.
The find_one() method returns the first occurrence in the selection.
To select data from a table in MongoDB, we can also use the find() method.
The find() method returns all occurrences in the selection.
The first parameter of the find() method is a query object. In this example we use an empty query object, which selects all documents in the collection.
No parameters in the find() method gives you the same result as SELECT * in MySQL.
The second parameter of the find() method is an object describing which fields to include in the result.
This parameter is optional, and if omitted, all fields will be included in the result.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.70372
Retrieved Text: Excel Data Entry Form Template. ease the pain of data entry with an excel forms template pryor learning solutions. excel data entry form template from accountancy templates youtube. excel data entry form template sampletemplatess sampletemplatess. 29 images of calendar with free template for excel data entry. 6 excel data entry form template exceltemplates exceltemplates. excel data collection template invitation template. excel data entry template example spreadsheet template accounting advanced payslip generator. 7 excel input form template exceltemplates exceltemplates. create data input form excel best photos of data collection template excel 6 month ease the. create a data entry form in excel free microsoft excel tutorials. [Orangecountyseniorphotos.com].

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.700375
Retrieved Text: For mobile data collection-based programs aiming to amplify their impact or increase their direct client interaction, short message service (SMS) has become an increasingly effective form of mobile engagement.
SMS technology can be used as a standalone data collection solution or as a way to enhance existing communication channels with targeted notifications or periodic reminders.
And for projects using CommCare, SMS notifications have helped to improve the efficiency, communication, and data collection of organizations and individuals providing frontline services.
With a growing number of users of mobile data collection tools, targeted messaging campaigns can offer programs a direct line of contact to the people they aim to serve. When you implement targeted messaging into your data collection plan, you will be able to connect more readily with your users and beneficiaries.
What are the benefits of using SMS?
When implemented properly, SMS notifications can spur heightened participation, improve relationships between frontline workers and beneficiaries, and offer immediate feedback to users. In fact, some research suggests that regular motivational messages could produce changes in behavior that lead to improved treatment adherence and clinical outcomes.
Our messaging service was originally built in response to the need to communicate with patients in clinical trials, send out medication reminders and appointment confirmations, and coordinate staff communications and activities. As such, it supports two-way messaging, broadcast messages, and reminders that can be scheduled for recipients based on configurable data elements such as date of registration or language preference.
Since its inception, many programs have used CommCare Messaging as both a core data collection workflow and as a complement

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.70017
Retrieved Text: This week we’re going to consider an often-overlooked function of your IT operations management system: data collection and correlation.
It’s easy to focus on the reports and the dashboard views. That’s what we all look at, day in and day out. So, it’s also easy to forget about the basic data collection and subsequent data correlation that goes on behind the scenes automatically. The last time you thought about that was probably during the platform sales pitch.
But collection and correlation represent a crucial step. If relevant data doesn’t get into the system, then there can be no downstream magic.
The data collection subsystem must be capable of ingesting a wide variety of data delivered by multiple protocols. It will poll systems, applications and services, either directly or via downstream distributed clients. It will accept SNMP traps and event and alert notifications. It will absorb system logs, event logs, application and service logs.
And it must do so without creating a bottleneck or dropping potentially important packets. Downstream filtering can help here, but adequate processing power and network bandwidth are prerequisites.
Auto-discovery of new devices, applications and services is a valuable tool, but you shouldn’t depend on them without periodic verification. Managed devices often have performance plug-ins such as performance poller modules. These should be verified to ensure that they are configured properly, lest you auto-discover misleading information. As you know, you should always ensure that you are collecting the proper data from any new service.
A simple ICMP poller is great for up-down ability testing, while a fully instrumented SNMP-based application

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.695126
Retrieved Text: Take a step back and think about the data available to your business. Chances are it has grown exponentially, and will likely continue to do so into the future. While this can be useful as more data equals a better, clearer picture of what is going on in your business, there is still a large amount of data that is useless. In order to prevent you and your company from being overwhelmed, you should have a well defined data collection system in place.
What is well defined data collection?
Everyone collects data, even people who don’t use computers. The key to being able to successfully leverage the data you have available to your business lies in a strong foundation – in this case, how you collect your data. With an appropriate system in pace you will know what data to collect and measure, and just how important it is. From here, you can more effectively analyze and interpret it, allowing you to make more informed decisions.
Often the most important data you need is in relation to your customers. Your first step should be to define important customer interactions. For example, if you own an online store, you will likely want to know where your customers come from, the items they click on, items they add to their cart, and items they ultimately buy.
By first identifying important interactions to track, you can then look for metrics and data collection methods related to these interactions. This makes it easier for you to track the most important data.
Don’t just focus on

================



======= Instance Index 12 =========
Input Text: An animal can hunt by cracking open a

Which is the correct answer?
- claw
- house
- shell
- bone

Target Text: shell

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.542822
Retrieved Text: Hunt in state parks, in safety zones in state forests or wildlife management areas,and in Harpers Ferry National Historical Park.
Shoot, hunt or trap upon the fenced or posted grounds of another person without having in your possession written permission from the landowner.
Have a loaded firearm or a firearm with an attached magazine from which all shells have not been removed in or on any vehicle or land conveyance or its attachments. You can have a loaded clip or magazine in the vehicle as long as it is not in or attached to the firearm, except for concealed weapons permit holders.
Carry an uncased or loaded firearm in the woods, except during open firearms hunting seasons. It is legal to hunt unprotected species of wild animals, wild birds and migratory game birds during the open season in fields, waters and marshes.
Hunt with a fully automatic firearm.
Hunt anything except deer in all counties having an antlered deer season during the first 3 days of this season. It is legal to hunt waterfowl during this period on lakes, rivers, and waterways during the open waterfowl season and to hunt bear in specified counties.
Hunt deer, bear or boar between ½ hour after sunset and ½ hour before sunrise.
Shoot at a deer or boar while it is in water.
Be afield with a gun and bow, or with a gun and any arrows, except for concealed weapons permit holders.
Carry an uncased gun in or on a vehicle between 5 p.m. and 7 a.m. E.S.T. from October 1 to June 30; and between 8:30

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.158918
Retrieved Text: In the early morning hours of November 20, animal rights extremists broke into the kennels at the Essex and Suffolk hunt, releasing dozens of animals and setting a couple of fires.
When police arrived shortly after 1 a.m., they found 82 dogs and 5 horses and been released, and the gates to the kennel, which opens into the road, left wide open. Additionally, the extremists set a couple of fires and spray painted “hunt scum” on the road.
We are appalled. They let all the hounds and horses out of their stables and left the gates wide open so they could get on the road. Thankfully this did not happen, but that was more by luck than anything else or they could have caused a serious accident. These people call themselves animal lovers, but what kind of animal lover does this. We are hunting completely within the law and they still persist in coming out and disrupting what we are doing. It is very worrying when they are prepared to set fire to something and release your animals in the middle of the night.
I can say categorically no member of the HSA would take any action that would endanger the life of hunting hounds and horses. We care for their welfare.
There’s no evidence that anyone from the HSA was involved, but unless the HSA actually knows the identity of the attacker, this categorical denial is a bit silly (hint, next time just say your organization does not condone such irresponsible actions and leave it at that).
Saboteurs blamed for

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.087688
Retrieved Text: Timesplit Dissonance TrapThe quantum energies produced by this weapon are enhanced by the power of the Spring Hunt. When triggered, the basket drops one of its quantum eggs onto the base, instantly cracking it open. In its center, a small black hole forms and immediately consumes the mouse. After the "Big Crack", the SmartShell™ technology in the egg safely reassembles around the black hole and pops it back on top of the basket.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.712564
Retrieved Text: This Photostock Vector An Hand Drawn Ilvectorration Placard Animals Cat Leopard And Cheetah Technique Black Ink has 919 x 1300 pixel resolution with jpeg format. Animals That Hunt In Groups, Animals That Hunt Alone, Why Do Animals Hunt In Packs, List Of Pack Animals, Best Animal Pack Hunters, Name For A Group Of Hunters, Benefits Of Group Hunting, How Animals Hunt, Why Do Animals Hunt In Packs, Best Animal Pack Hunters, Benefits Of Group Hunting, Free Hunting Vector, Hunting Vector Art, Farm Animal Vector, List Of Hunting Animals, Vector Hunting Charts, Deer Hunting Vector, Animal Vector Images, History Of Hunting Animals was related topic with this Photostock Vector An Hand Drawn Ilvectorration Placard Animals Cat Leopard And Cheetah Technique Black Ink . You can download the Photostock Vector An Hand Drawn Ilvectorration Placard Animals Cat Leopard And Cheetah Technique Black Ink picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.400303
Retrieved Text: Posted on April 1, 2019 by Dave Smith Appliance.
The team at Dave Smith Appliance Service have set out to find the best Easter egg hunts in Toledo and surrounding areas. Take a peek.
The Easter egg hunts Toledo area aren’t complete without the Toledo Zoo Animal tribute. This fun event includes a visit from the Easter bunny as he browses the animal exhibits, plenty of additional festivities, and all of this enrichment supports the animal life at the zoo. If you are scoping out Easter egg hunts near Toledo, this is a great place to start!
Hosted by the Vineyard Church of Ann Harbor, this is a fun option for Toledo Easter egg hunts. Open to the community, participation includes inflatables, face painting, pony rides, egg hunt, and more! Join in the fun and festivities at this local event – meet new friends and reconnect with old compatriots this Easter with a good ol’ fashioned Easter egg hunt!
Easter egg hunts Toledo include one for your dog! Bring your pooch to Glass City Dog Park and watch them hunt down eggs filled with prize tickets. The Easter Bunny will also be there to take photos.
For all things hoppy and Easter hunt oriented, bring a basket for collecting eggs and don’t forget to HAVE FUN!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.236216
Retrieved Text: We’re celebrating spring by hosting an egg-straordinary Easter Egg Hunt with an appearance from the Easter Bunny and bouncy castles! Explore the park with your clue sheet and track down the hidden eggs to win a cracking prize.
Fri 19th April – Mon 22nd April. 10am – 4pm.
Register on the day opposite The Old Sawmill.
Please note – Easter Egg Hunt is not included in Day Ticket price.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.122202
Retrieved Text: What the wolf lacks in size, power and weapons it makes up for with collaboration and intelligence. Smaller and less powerful than mountain lions, for example, wolves work together to take down prey much larger than an individual wolf; prey that may otherwise elude them. While individual wolves have been able to subdue large prey animals, their advantage is in collaborating with their pack.
Wolves are opportunists. They test their prey, sensing any weakness or vulnerability through visual cues and even through hearing and scent. Contrary to ambush predators that rely on the element of surprise and a short and intense burst of energy to secure their prey, wolves are endurance or coursing predators. They chase their prey, often over longer distances, sometimes even a few miles, in order to find the right animal or opportunity. On the hunt, wolves work together with certain individuals typically carrying out their specific role in the hunt, often based on age, gender and social standing.
While wolves will eat hares and other small prey, their preferred targets are ungulates, large hoofed animals such as deer and elk. Individual packs will specialize in hunting specific prey species. While most often that is elk, caribou, deer and moose, it can also be bison, muskoxen, dall sheep or even salmon.
It is not uncommon for wolves to be injured or even killed during the hunt by being kicked by a hoof or gored by an antler. Most often the prey they select is in some way weaker and/or more vulnerable than the other animals in

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.064905
Retrieved Text: *Ticket or registration needed. See below for more details.
Our team is busy cracking open some treats that will be available all weekend. Stay tuned to our Instagram, where we’ll reveal all the details.
What is an aqua egg hunt you ask? We hide (lots of) balloon weights (not chocolate eggs) in Watsons Bay and kids are encouraged to bring snorkles and go in and hunt for the famous golden star. Different colours mean different chocolate prizes. This year we’re hosting two events, one for the small kiddies 8 years and under at 9.30am, and one for the bigger kids 9 years and over at 10.30am.
Our pancake parlour just got better! We’ll have an assortment of condiments to keep all the kids happy, with free pancakes for all kids between 10am – 11.30am. No need to register, but we do suggest booking a table to secure a space for the family. For any 10am bookings, please phone or email us as these cannot be done online.
We’ll have DJs pumping out the tunes all weekend long. So if you’re up for more of a adult Easter celebration, come by after 1pm and have a frosé while the sun says farewell with a pastel spectacular across the skyline.
Have a question? Fill in the form below!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.053913
Retrieved Text: Come hunt with Mkulu African Hunting Safaris.
Trophy hunting is when a hunter actively pursues an animal with the intent of shooting it with a rifle, bow, cross bow or handgun. The hunt is when a hunter can outwit his quarry on the home turf of an animal whose senses are infinitely stronger than those of the hunter. A hunt can either be successful or unsuccessful. Mostly a hunt is successful when an animal is hunted. A hunt can be successful when no animals are hunted – if the intended quarry was found to be immature, or a female.
Hunting is about the hunt, being out in nature and not about the kill.
The trophy is the portion of the scull or skin that is kept as a reminder of the hunt. The scull and or skin can be mounted by a taxidermist.
The meat is always kept and utilized in the household of the hunter in the form of fresh meat or jerky – in South Africa jerky is known as biltong.
It is company policy at Mkulu African Hunting Safaris that no edible portion of the animal be wasted. The meat is used by the owner in his household and excess meat is processed and sold. The intestines (tripe) are utilized by the staff of the property we are hunting with the prime cuts being the liver, heart, kidneys and spleen. The rumen is highly prized along with the tongue.
The bottom portion of the legs which has no meat on it is put out for brown hyena, spotted hyena,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.950375
Retrieved Text: You can't zero-in on your target without accurate optics. On the hunt a high contrast lens can give a hunter an advantage by helping to spot an animal out of the wild surroundings. Mirrored lenses are not recommended because light reflecting off the lens can spook the game you're trying to sneak up on.
You can't zero-in on your target without accurate optics. On the hunt a high contrast lens can give a hunter an advantage by helping to spot an animal out of the wild surroundings.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.927473
Retrieved Text: As criminal defense attorneys, in Washington we see a lot of tickets, charges and civil seizure actions based on technical errors by clients that are pursued by enforcement personnel who are zealous in there investigation, citations and civil seizure actions on these kinds of offenses. We know people make mistakes, so we fight fire with fire and zealously represent our clients to minimize the criminal and licensing consequences of these kinds of actions.
Just like with fishing, hunting is a highly regulated activity in the state of Washington and it is extremely important to keep up to date on the Washington state regulations. If you prefer to hunt big game, it is vital you first consult the Big Game Hunting Seasons and Rules pamphlet. Corrections are posted at the beginning prior to the original pamphlet so make sure to double check the corrections there, or also here.
As criminal defense lawyers we emphasize awareness that any interaction with government agents on State, Federal or Private Land should be treated as a criminal investigation by the hunter and any others in the party should abide by our opinion on giving statements to any officer when approached. As an old wise hunter once said, “the less said the better.” Anything you say will end up in the officer’s report and will be used against you later in your criminal case or seizure case.
Big game hunting consists of Bobcat, Black Bear, Bighorn Sheep, Cougar, Coyote, Deer, Elk, Fox, Grouse, Moose, Mountain Goat, Raccoon, Rabbit & Hare, and Wild Turkey in early

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.815567
Retrieved Text: Black springbok hunting South Africa with Mkulu African Hunting Safaris.
Black springbok hunting South Africa is hunting for the more common South African antelope species.
Black springbok (common springbok, copper springbok and white springbok) are all in the same class and will be discussed as such.
Black springbok are gregarious animals that like to bunch up in a herd once they feel threatened. The males (rams) and females (ewes) have small but distinct differences when sexing them for trophy hunting. Springbok only occur naturally in South Africa, Botswana and Namibia making it a rather sought after trophy. When you decide to hunt a black springbok you may want to consider hunting both a white- and a copper springbok as they make strikingly different trophies once mounted by the taxidermist.
Black springbok hunting South Africa is for the hunter who wishes to hunt the National antelope of South Africa. The name refers to jumping antelope which can be seen when a springbok herd is running and the odd animal jumps / springs into the air.
An interesting feature about springbok is the opening of the plume on its back shortly after it expired. Beautiful pictures are taken when the plume is open and a sweet aroma is secreted from a gland on the back, the smell of which can be compared to that of cotton candy. The plume closes after about a minute or two. The only other time the plume is opened is when the animal is pronking or showing the world how good and beautiful it is. When the males

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.511515
Retrieved Text: So you want to go to the hunting place that flows with milk and honey, where there’s a 160 inch whitetail behind every tree, and the Elk never stop bugling. Now that those lies are out of the way, I’m here to help you see the real picture. I have been fortunate enough to hunt some of those places we just spoke of, and it isn’t always sugar plums and lollipops.
In the next few months, I hope to bring you informative articles that will help you plan your next trophy hunt, hunt of a lifetime, or just a great hunting vacation. I have made enough of my own mistakes. If you can learn from mine, it will help your trip go a little smoother. In this article I will discuss several subjects, such as expectations, where to go, who to go with, and the planning and preparation that should go into the trip.
Expectations play such a pivotal role on a hunting trip. They can make a huge difference in the quality of your experience. I have taught myself to focus more on the experience of the hunt than on the kill, because I’ve learned the hard way that if you put too much emphasis on the kill you leave yourself open for a lot of disappointments, and the feeling of wasted money.
First, be completely honest with yourself about your own abilities and the actual chances of taking an animal where you will be hunting. Let’s face it, if you travel to one of the southeastern states

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.498623
Retrieved Text: Hurting and killing animals for ‘sport’ is one of the principal causes of animal cruelty in the UK: tens of millions of animals suffer and die each year for ‘leisure’ activities. We are here to protect those animals.
Most people today would agree that deliberately hurting or killing an animal for leisure is plain wrong. So you would probably think 'bloodsports' have now disappeared from Britain.
Sadly you would be mistaken.
Cruel sports are all around us – we just have to open our eyes.
There are millions of animals of all types that are victims of cruel sports.
The League is one of the UK's best-loved and most influential animal protection charities. We’re probably best known for helping bring in the Hunting Act which made it illegal to hunt foxes and other wild mammals with dogs.
We investigate animal cruelty, often working at great risk, exposing and helping to bring to justice those behind illegal hunting and dog-fighting.
We protect hundreds of thousands of animals including foxes, badgers, deer and hares in our wildlife sanctuaries and areas where we own the 'sporting' rights, covering thousands of acres.
The UK likes to think of itself as a nation of animal-lovers. Yet criminals, pro-hunt organisations and the shooting lobby are still able to inflict untold suffering on wildlife and our pets - all in the name of 'sport'.
Here at the League we’re working hard to ensure we have effective animal protection laws that are properly enforced, we’re determined to make sure those who break them are brought to justice, and we’re doing everything we can

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.189714
Retrieved Text: The coyote is a member of the dog family and is native to California. It closely resembles a small German shepherd dog with the exception of the long snout and bushy, black-tipped tail. The coyote's high-pitched, yodel-like yapping can frequently be heard at night. Coyotes are extremely adaptable and can survive on whatever food is available. Coyotes are an important part of the ecosystem, helping to keep the rodent populations under control. They hunt rabbits, mice, birds, and other small animals. Coyotes are by nature fearful of humans. If coyotes are given access to human food, pet food, or garbage, their behavior changes. They will quickly lose their natural fear of people and may become bold, even aggressive. Pets are often attacked, injured, or killed by coyotes.
Call the 24-hour Coyote Hotline at (310) 618-3898 or fill out the Coyote Sighting Survey to report coyote sighting or incident. If you see a coyote behaving aggressively or attacking a person immediately call 911.
Prefer by mobile device? Download the MyTorranceCA app.
Please allow up to a week for reports to generate on the Coyote Interactive Map. To report a deceased animal, contact the Torrance Animal Control Office at (310) 618-3850. The Torrance Animal Control Office is open Monday through Thursday, and every other Friday, from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.182522
Retrieved Text: Story Time is back at the Dartford shopping centre for half term when, from Monday, February 18 and Thursday, February 21, families can enjoy The Three Billy Goats Gruff performed outside M&S. There will be 20-minute free shows, followed by craft activities. Places are limited so you'll need to pop to the box office outside M&S to reserve a slot. To find out more of what's on offer go to bluewater.co.uk There will also be driving lessons for children as young as 10 up to 17 at Bluewater Son Tuesday, February 19 and Thursday, February 21. Lessons take place in new, dual controlled Vauxhall Corsas, with qualified approved driving instructors. Book at youngdriver.com or call 0844 371 9010.
The family trail to discover Who Was Winston Churchill? runs until Sunday, February 24, daily between 10am and 4pm, discovering the man behind the cigar. Sculptures and installations bring the stories to life. Free trail with normal admission.
Super sleuths, secret agents and investigators: sharpen up your detective skills with some hands-on training in disguise, code cracking and clues. Secrets & Spies runs at Dover Castle from Monday, February 18 to Friday, February 22, between 10am and 3pm each day. Activities cost £20 for adults and £12 for children between five and 15, with a family entry costing £50. While at the historic castle, make sure you climb the Great Tower, and witness the drama in the Secret Wartime Tunnels.
Learn about mythical beasts and their connections to the Dockyard between Saturday, February 16 and Sunday, February 24.
Head for the No.1

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.02986
Retrieved Text: This Sunday, April 1, Pima Animal Care Center invites families for some Easter fun alongside PACC’s furry friends who will be participating in an Easter egg hunt from 10 a.m. to noon at the shelter, 4000 N. Silverbell Road.
PACC staff and volunteers will hide plastic eggs stuffed with treats throughout the PACC property. Dogs and puppies, accompanied by PACC volunteers, will get to search for the eggs and open them up to eat the treats. Small dogs will hunt for eggs at 10 a.m. and medium and large dogs will go out at 11 a.m.
Community members who attend will also get to pass out Easter treats to cats and dogs and visit with adoptable pets.
To get as many pets home as possible over the holiday weekend, PACC will waive adoption fees for dogs and cats over six months Saturday and Sunday. PACC will be open for adoptions from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. both days.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.021765
Retrieved Text: I finally got around to photographing my nail polish collection. The amount I have is actually a little bit embarrassing. Also, I'm on the hunt for some kind of wall rack to organizer all of them. If you know of any let me know!
I bow down to your collection. I just used magnetic nail polish and love it!
Wow, I am so envious of your collection!
Oh wow. Jealous of your collection. I love those blues!
That is one impressive collection!
omg, this is cracking me up! you could open up your own nail salon.
wow you have so many!
that is an impressive polish collection! displaying the all on your wall would be so cool.
Wow, you have an amazing collection!! I knew my collection was pathetic, but now I'm even more certain. I need to go polish shopping!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.982439
Retrieved Text: Hunt Gemsbok, Iranian Red Sheep, Oryx, Addax, Axis, Aoudad, Black Buck & more!
Continental Ranch offers a variety of species of exotics to hunt. We have a no kill, no pay policy on our exotic hunts: you pay only for what you kill. We hunt our exotics most of the year, excluding the hot summer months. We are currently permitted with the Federal Fish & Wildlife for the 2 endangered species that we have.
Listed below are our current prices on exotics. In addition to the price of the animal, there is a $250.00 per day fee for all exotic hunts. This includes the guide, lodging and meals. The daily charge is $200.00 as a non-hunter fee. Prices are subject to change. Recommended gratuities for cook & guide are 5 to 15% of the hunt.
*Please Note: A wounded animal is considered a kill. Every effort will be made to locate this animal.
For non-residents there is a non-resident special hunting license for $132.00. You can also purchase a non-resident for 5 days for $48.00. All hunters are expected to purchase a license before arriving on the premises.
The following is a general price list; exceptional animals will be priced at a higher rate.
Gemsbok ($5000.00): A large antelope with very long straight or slightly curved horns. Built rather like a polo pony, they have a compact body with sturdy limbs; short stiff neck mane. Their ability to survive in a waterless area is only second to that of the addax among African antelopes.
Iranian Red Sheep ($4000.00): The Iranian red sheep lives

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.970081
Retrieved Text: At Forister Exotics we are very open minded to our hunters needs or requirements and realize people are busy so we employ a daily hunting program instead of package deals. We recommend 2 days for most species and some may take 2-4 days especially bow hunting. Different times of the year and the range conditions will typically determine how many days you should plan to hunt. So adding days as long as the schedule will permit is typically not a problem.
Forister Exotics Offers hunts on a daily basis instead of package deals for a set number of days. Daily rates include 1 guide, transportation to and from the blinds, and skinning and quartering your harvest. Our daily rate is $150.00 per day and on rifle hunts can be split between 3 hunters. For archery hunts the $150 is per day per hunter However with our archery hunts you do not pay your daily rates if you harvest an animal. Once you draw blood your daily rates get subtracted from the trophy fee and that is your balance. If you do not harvest an animal on either hunt you only have your daily rates lodging and meals if we are providing them.
Lodge 2 For couples or the loud snorer in the group we have a 1 bedroom apartment type building with bathroom and kitchen sleeps up to 4 guests.
Lodge 3 If you need more room we have another small cottage on the Edwards county ranch that will sleep another 6-8 guests that can be utilized.
Lodge 4 This

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.92702
Retrieved Text: ” Be A Fox Hunt Saboteur Adverts contribute towards site running costs, but currently may not fit with the site ethos. We will continue to work on a solution.
Being a hunt saboteur, you will save foxes from being ripped apart by dogs, on the order of huntsmen and women, after being chased for miles feeling utter terror.
There is not only the cruelty to the fox to consider, as there has been terrible cases of cruelty to the dogs that has come to light. Dogs can get badly injured, and when they are past their prime for hunting, they are killed. The same goes for the horses used.
Since 2005, killing prey with dogs has been illegal in the UK. Hunts ignore this and continue to enjoy causing agony and terror to foxes.
The law is not well enforced, so people using direct action and try to sabotage hunts is the main way to save foxes from this awful fate. There are a number of ways the hunts can get around the law. One way, incredibly, is for them to claim that the dogs killing the fox was an accident!
When people think about fox hunts, they often have images of people on horses wearing distinctive red or black coats and boots. This can be the case, but in less affluent areas the occasion is not an upper crust affair and is done on foot in regular clothes by country folk.
Hunt sabbing involves a lot of physical activity and you need to be quite fit to take part. If you

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.845407
Retrieved Text: As an added service I can a clean out dryer vent and exhaust pipe. I will remove lint and replace the dryer vent cover with a new model that you will not have to worry about getting blocked by lint. These new covers are metal and will prevent entry from bird and rodents. These covers will not hang open like the other ones will allowing drafts and pest to get in. This vent cover is a flush mount metal style that does not need to be painted, these three colors will match any house.
Dryer Wall Vents meet or exceed all code requirements for safely venting a dryer. This vent provides Zero Airflow Restriction, Easy Cleaning Access and Balanced Magnets that protect against animal entry and negative air pressure flapping. Built tough in the USA, these are made with 26 gauge galvanized steel that is powder coated to minimize fading or cracking ensuing a long duty life.
Note: Lint may still get caught up in the exhaust pipe and need to be cleaned.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.824692
Retrieved Text: The Ellen DeGeneres Show is an American television talk show hosted by comedian/actress Ellen DeGeneres. It is an hour long show that runs five days a week and covers a wide variety of topics from the lighthearted to the very serious. The show is viewed by millions of people across the globe.
Ellen has publicly condemned the Canadian seal hunt and has been very vocal in her support for animal rights and welfare. She was named PETA’s “Woman of the year” in 2009.
Over the years, the Namibian seal hunt (regarded as the cruelest slaughter on earth) has been completely overshadowed by the Canadian hunt and consequently has received very little media attention. We believe that with YOUR help we can change this.
Ellen is on the lookout for people who have shown remarkable acts of kindness to appear as guests on her show. She is looking for people whose actions have moved you. We ask that you consider Patrick Dickens, our campaign manager and the founder of our organization as one such individual.
Once you have filled out your details, you will be asked to tell your story to motivate your nomination. You can either write your own or simply copy and paste ours listed in italics below. Obviously, the more people who submit a nomination the greater our chances of exposing the brutal Namibian seal hunt for what it is.
I wish to nominate Patrick Dickens as a person whose actions have moved me. Pat resigned from a well paid job in the corporate world and began campaigning relentlessly

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.785782
Retrieved Text: This art series is more like the monsters I've never actually used in a game series. I think the axe beak is pretty cool, I mean, it is weird dumb creature- the ostrich just fantasized up a bit. I could see goblin tribes riding them across dusty badlands. A nice exotic animal to hunt. I bet they taste delicious. Tomorrow- Aarakocra.
wow, this looks amazing I could see goblin tribes riding them across dusty badlands.
I’m concerned that I may have made them too uncool.
I could see it in an open savanna or a cool dungeon under a rainforest.
Nice. don't forget your idea.
If you're interested in saving money on energy bills visit my website.
I think the axe beak is pretty cool, I mean, it is weird dumb creature- the ostrich just fantasized up a bit.!!!
The ostrich just fantasized up a bit. I could see goblin tribes riding them across dusty badlands.!!!
A nice exotic animal to hunt. I bet they taste delicious. Tomorrow- Aarakocra.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.733294
Retrieved Text: For Just $990.00 Trophy Fee, Texas Hunt Lodge will you put you on a huge Wild Boar any time of the year...these are Trophy Wild Boars. Wild Hogs are a great animal to stock the freezer...from great Wild Pig ribs to fantastic backstrap and pork roasts, they are a favorite animal to harvest among Texas Hunters. There are no seasonal restrictions on hunting the Feral Hog in Texas, which makes it a suitable hunt year round.
Our Wild Boar Hunters are taken out to a ranch that has only Huge Wild Boars, no small hogs. You can use a Rifle, Bow, Crossbow, Muzzle-loader or Handgun to hunt your Wild Boar either from a Blind over a feeder or via Spot and Stalk with our trained professional guides. We can accommodate hunters of any age and experience level, as well as hunters which have physical disabilities or may be confined to a wheelchair.
This Wild Hog Hunt is conducted in our Texas Animal Health Commission Certified "Hog Hunting Preserve". We are one of the only legal ranches where we can stock Big Hogs and hunt them with guaranteed opportunity. Our Wild Boar average 200 pounds, with 2 1/2 to 3 inch cutters, which are perfect for that unique Wild Boar Shoulder mount for your den or office. If you don't want a shoulder mount, these also make awesome European Skull mounts.
Wild Boar Hunting at Texas Hunt Lodge is one of the most exciting hunts we offer in some opinions. This Hog Hunt can be fast paced either on foot

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.607786
Retrieved Text: Try a cheetah survival in African Cheetah: Wild Animal Simulator 3D!
Live the life of the wild animal. Hunt, fight with lions and complete quests. Find an animal mate and breed a new cheetah. Develop a survival strategy against wild animal like lion. Level­up a cheetah in simulator to improve survival skills. Find other cheetah and start a family. Farm levels to open new survival skills in the animal simulator.
Choose a mode that you like - animal survival or quests. They are very enjoyable! Start your survival against lions right now, with wild cheetah simulator. We like cheetah and do our best to make great animal games. Create your strategy in the simulator! Be an angry cheetah, or calm cheetah - fight with lions or avoid them!
Have you ever dreamed to be a cheetah or lion? In our survival simulator we offer you to forget about a calm life, and be a wild animal. Become a wild cheetah and run across beautiful locations! Maintain your wild cheetah health against lions, survival in the wild is not easy for animal. Sneak into dark corners, full of lions. Fight for survival with every animal you meet or run away. Your cheetah can even die in the simulator.
African Cheetah: Wild Animal Simulator 3D has special animal sounds. Run and listen where lion is, deep into survival. This survival simulator has a map and a guide inside. Simulator controls allow you to run and fight. Read how to ride your animal and many other things. You will meet a lot of

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.586926
Retrieved Text: Our Wyoming hunts are based out of Big Horn, Wyoming located near the Montana Border a few mile from Sheridan, WY. This area of Wyoming is beautiful with the Big Horn Mountains in the background and abundant rivers it is truly a unique western experience. There is ample agriculture in this area and it is not uncommon to see 100 – 200 deer and antelope in one field. The opportunity to harvest a great Mule Deer Buck will present itself on a daily basis. We also have a large ranch near Gillette, Wyoming and we will make day trips to this area as well. There are daily flights into Sheridan, WY (SCA) which is less than 20 miles from our lodge or Billings, MT (BIL) is less than a 2 hour drive by rental car.
We have been guiding here for the last 30 years and have acquired a relatively large hunting range with an area approaching 100,000 acres. All of the ranches are privately owned and we have the exclusive rights to hunt. We keep our operation on a personal basis. We like small groups of hunters and never have more than 8 hunters in the lodge. The lodge has all modern facilities but is still rustic with great views of the Big Horn Mountains. The dining room serves home cooked meals for breakfast and supper and a field lunch is provided during the day while hunting.
During the month of October Mule Deer and Whitetail Deer Season is also open and with your deer license you

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.56667
Retrieved Text: Caution: Great killing ahead! Enjoy the latest hunting game simulator with dangerous animals to kill from all over the world.
Hunt 3D is an incredible shooting game to hunt wild animals in the jungle. Immerse yourself in a vast jungle environment to kill the huge animals but try to hunt them down before they do so. Become an incredible and most wanted hunter by killing dangerous predators from all over the world. Hunt deer, bears, cheetahs, rhinos and many more ferocious animals.
Enjoy the unique feature by taking your own picture with hunted animal and share with your friends. Now you can experience the ultimate hunt from helicopter, enjoy the chopper view hunting! While hunting customize all your weapons by upgrading scopes, barrels, magazines etc. for the perfect shot.
Take down all the dangerous predators from car roof and take the hunting to the next level. Aim and shoot to kill the animals from running car and become the best hunter. While playing this incredible hunting game, you can earn cash and best hunt badges and upgrade the weapons through it.
If you have any suggestions to improve, please contact us. We will try to implement it as soon as possible. Thank you!
To Download Hunt 3D For PC,users need to install an Android Emulator like Xeplayer.With Xeplayer,you can Download Hunt 3D for PC version on your Windows 7,8,10 and Laptop.
4.Install Hunt 3D for PC.Now you can play Hunt 3D on PC.Have fun!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.513107
Retrieved Text: Jungle Animal: Sniper Hunting is fun when one is a professional hunter as an amateur will endanger his life in trying to kill furious beasts. This game is a brand new real hunting and sniper shooting experience which you might not been able to get in your real life. Those who cannot risk their life hunting wild animals can enjoy real hunting experience by playing this game. Grab your shooting gears and come out in search of your prey. It's hunting time. Jungle Animal: Sniper Hunting will let you hunt deer, wolf, beer & lion in the wild jungle on snowy mountain top. It's time to be a sniper assassin and hunt jungle animals in this sniper shooting game. The game is filled with action, hunting & shooting. Enter the jungle for hunt, the wild animals you have dreamed of, you have wished and imagined. In this dangerous forest, select the target animal of your choice, take the aim and shoot right at the head. Animals feel jungle as their perfect sanctuary. When someone gets into it they take it as an invader. So the sniper should hold his breath and be patient. While hunting bear and wolf be aware, they will become alert hearing the sound of bullet fire and will attack on you and if you will not hurry the survivor beast will take no time to kill you and the game will be over. FEATURES - An ultimate hunting action. Game play is simple yet entertaining. Efficient gun control. True to life hunting

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.4881
Retrieved Text: For a bit of science and history during your stay in Adelaide, consider visiting the South Australian Museum. An Egyptian mummy, animal fossils, Pacific islander artifacts and aboriginal boomerangs are just some of the items found in the museum's permanent collection. Rotating exhibits, which have included animal prints by Francisco José de Goya, opals and award-winning flora and fauna photographs, are also on display inside.
This free museum is a hit with travelers, especially those with children. The facility offers a welcome respite from the sun and features many informative displays. Plus, kids can participate in storytelling sessions hosted by the Young explorers program and hunt for hidden compartments that are spread throughout the museum's galleries. A few areas, though, appeared a bit dated or repetitive, according to some visitors.
The South Australian Museum is open between 10 a.m. and 5 p.m. every day except Good Friday and Christmas, with reduced hours on ANZAC Day. However, some facilities, such as the gift shop and the Discovery Centre, are only open at select times. Available amenities include restrooms, a cafe and complimentary guided tours, which are an hour long and start at 11 a.m. on weekdays and 2 and 3 p.m. on weekends and public holidays. Tours are of the property's free galleries; special exhibits are not visited during tours and may have entrance fees. The museum sits along North Terrace in the central business district and can be reached by Adelaide Metro's free buses and tram. Fee-based transportation options, including trains and non-City Connector buses, also stop nearby.

================



======= Instance Index 13 =========
Input Text: Oil is a nonrenewable resource which tells us that when

Which is the correct answer?
- it can be remade
- it can be found in other places
- there is an endless supply
- the final barrel is gone, there supply is finished

Target Text: the final barrel is gone, there supply is finished

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 29.578196
Retrieved Text: Renewable energy sources penn state admissions essay on stress management plus wind power crisis. Essays questions short famous quotes. Research grants siebel institute an the hydrogen economy. Green pay us to write your science and technology examples by com. Resources praxis sample topics advantages of for kids colloquium updated references non resource alternative oil gas conservation its relevance in daily life teaching tools reports joanna pinewood education get ideas or manyessayscom importance point help how college admission.
Renewable energy essay on resources and nonrenewable essays conservation problem solution examples. Facts that prove is global wolfestone translation pros cons of wind power solar biomass questions s revolution daily study resources. Better world quotes alternative sources ielts topic renewables status report. Sample policies powerpoint ppt templates band advantages disadvantages guru. Shocker top google engineers say simply won t benefits for a tourist island vs the holocaust dare essay. Environmental protection our work economics enlighten theses.
Renewable energy in status and future prospects essay on wind power crisis drilling geothermal floor heating water furnace heat pump oil. Abortion persuasive argumentative andy % the only way forward collective is it possible for world to run solar vs cheaper soars past nuclear a compendium of essays green clean guide s switch from environmental victim champ alternative sources earth what source definition example video powerful tips ideas students resources non resource protection our work hydroelectric costs benefits gcse geography visvesvaraya technological university th sem be science dictionary fossils fuels global network. Case study walmart bharti transforming retail economics generation nonrenewable hero unsung service learning

########
Rank: 1
Score: 28.152378
Retrieved Text: According to a report published by National Public Radio, on November 16, 2017, TransCanada, the firm who owns and operates the controversial Keystone XL Pipeline, experienced an oil leak in one of the pipelines it operates near the small town of Amherst, South Dakota a town about 200 miles north of Sioux Falls, South Dakota and 25 miles north of the North Dakota border. The section of pipe near Amherst reportedly spilled an estimated 210,000 gallons, or 5,000 barrels, of oil. At about 6 a.m. CT on November 16 TransCanada crews detected a drop in pressure and shut down the pipeline. The affected section is part of a pipeline system which runs from Hardesty, Alberta, to Cushing, Okla., and Wood River/Patoka, Illinois; however, it is not a part of the controversial Keystone XL Pipeline.
According to Reuters, the pipeline which carries over 590,000 barrels of oil per day, which links Alberta’s oil sands to U.S. refineries, has not yet restarted due to cleanup and repair efforts. The line represents one of the main crude export pipelines carrying a viscous type of oil called diluted bitumen (dilbit), or tar sands oil. Tar sands oil is thicker than the crude oil typically pumped through pipelines in North America and presents problems for pipeline companies because the thick tar sands oil can be difficult to detect if it leaks from a pipe. Typical crude oil, when it leaks from a ruptured pipe disperses faster resulting in an immediate pressure drop in the pipe and an easily spotted pool of oil

########
Rank: 2
Score: 28.061234
Retrieved Text: A typical day would not be possible without mineral resources to make the products we use, water resources to sustain our lives, keep clean, and cook our food, or energy resources to drive around and to provide our electricity. All these resources exist in abundance on our planet, but none will last forever without careful planning and management. While water is a renewable resource, if it is polluted it is not usable. Mineral resources are nonrenewable. Even given enough time, the Earth is not capable of making some types of deposits any more. Most of the energy resources we use are nonrenewable. We can find ways to use renewable sources such as the sun and wind but on a large scale we are still dependent on coal, oil, and gas. This module explores how we use these resources, where they come from, how they exist in our community, and how our use of resources affects the environment in our community. It includes numerous inquiries into aspects of resources that affect our use of them everyday.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 27.67295
Retrieved Text: In the past, people have seen the progress of technology. From the simple usage of wood and cement to the invention of metal, mankind has really made great progress to become what they are today. Along with this progress are some changes to their lifestyle. These changes were brought about by the materials surrounding them, and two materials that revolutionized man’s life today is rubber and plastic.
It is quite easy to differentiate between the two. By simply looking at each material, one can immediately tell that a particular thing, or object, is made of rubber and not plastic, or vice versa. The only confusion between the two is when the term polymer is used. Yes, a polymer as a term that greatly denotes plastics, but nonetheless, this term also describes the characteristic of rubbers. Although rubber is more of the specific elastomer (a viscous or elastic variation of polymers), it is still considered to be a polymer.
Both plastics and rubbers are classified in many different manners. In fact, for plastics alone, there are more than 10,000 different types. Some are grouped according to type, quality, design or to the material(s) used to make the rubber or plastic. This is why both materials have become very diverse in terms of their usage. Plastics are used in almost every aspect, like clothing, food, beverages, construction, and many others. Its major classes are the more common thermoplastics (plastics that will melt when enough heat is applied) and the thermosets (can only melt or take form once, because they remain

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.426964
Retrieved Text: Claim silicon valley retreating into a renewable energy safe essay drilling geothermal floor heating water furnace heat pump oil. On sources short essays famous quotes wind sample policies. The economics of enlighten theses facts that prove is global wolfestone translation investments smash records milestones. Alternative powerpoint ppt templates resources and nonrenewable fossils fuels vs network. Questions research grants siebel institute shocker top google engineers say simply won t hero unsung service learning example holocaust dare examples solar pixels cell membrane com get ideas for an or college admission gas conservation its relevance in daily life status future prospects essay. Questions. Compendium green clean guide.
Solar energy essay environmental protection our work essays on renewable questions cheaper soars past nuclear power in. Sources englishlinx com writing conclusions worksheets conclusion better world quotes resources non resource alternative praxis sample topics. What is a source definition example video pros and cons of wind biomass ielts topic fossil fuels fuel formation anchor chart powerful tips ideas for students % the only way forward collective. Manyessayscom an hydrogen economy. Towards brighter future vs essay. Case study walmart bharti transforming retail band advantages disadvantages guru new storage system unveiled oregon. Report level science.
A compendium of essays green clean guide renewable energy study resources resources. Essay on future asian development bank. And nonrenewable wind power crisis hydroelectric costs benefits gcse geography. Economics solar generation questions non resource alternative assessing the impact in trinidad tobago renewables global status report. Conservation problem solution examples pay us to write your teaching tools reports joanna pinewood education sample

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.209196
Retrieved Text: Oil spills and industrial discharge can contaminate water with greasy substances. Although it's true that oil and water don't mix, separating and recovering each component can still be challenging. Now, researchers have created sponges made from wood that selectively absorb oil, and then can be squeezed out and used again. They report their results in ACS Nano.
Over the years, scientists have developed numerous techniques to clean up oily water, from gravity separation to burning to bioremediation. But many of these methods suffer from limitations, such as low efficiency, secondary pollution, and high cost. More recently, researchers have explored 3-D porous materials, such as aerogels or sponges, based on various building blocks including synthetic polymers, silica, or cellulose nanofibers. However, these are often difficult to fabricate, lack mechanical robustness, or are made from nonrenewable, nondegradable materials. Xiaoqing Wang and colleagues wanted to develop a sponge made from wood—a renewable resource—that would absorb oil and tolerate repeated squeezing without structural failure.
The team made the wood sponge by treating natural balsa wood with chemicals that removed lignin and hemicellulose, leaving behind a cellulose skeleton. They then modified this highly porous structure with a hydrophobic coating that attracted oil, but not water. When placed in a mixture of water and silicone oil, the wood sponge removed all of the red-dyed oil, leaving clean water behind. Depending on the oil tested, the sponge absorbed 16 to 41 times its own weight, which is comparable to or better than many other reported absorbents. In addition, the sponge could endure at least 10

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.656921
Retrieved Text: Oil spills and industrial discharge can contaminate water with greasy substances. Although it’s true that oil and water don’t mix, separating and recovering each component can still be challenging. Now, researchers have created sponges made from wood that selectively absorb oil, and then can be squeezed out and used again. They report their results in ACS Nano.
Sponges made from wood can selectively absorb oil, and then be squeezed out for reuse.
Over the years, scientists have developed numerous techniques to clean up oily water, from gravity separation to burning to bioremediation. But many of these methods suffer from limitations, such as low efficiency, secondary pollution and high cost. More recently, researchers have explored 3D porous materials, such as aerogels or sponges, based on various building blocks including synthetic polymers, silica or cellulose nanofibers. However, these are often difficult to fabricate, lack mechanical robustness or are made from nonrenewable, nondegradable materials. Xiaoqing Wang and colleagues wanted to develop a sponge made from wood — a renewable resource — that would absorb oil and tolerate repeated squeezing without structural failure.
The team made the wood sponge by treating natural balsa wood with chemicals that removed lignin and hemicellulose, leaving behind a cellulose skeleton. They then modified this highly porous structure with a hydrophobic coating that attracted oil, but not water. When placed in a mixture of water and silicone oil, the wood sponge removed all of the red-dyed oil, leaving clean water behind. Depending on the oil tested, the sponge absorbed 16¬ to 41 times its own weight, which is

########
Rank: 7
Score: 25.80502
Retrieved Text: Click here to see why the album cover was revised.
Speaking of passing, Wis U.P. North reminds us that today is the anniversary of the 55-mph speed limit, signed into law by Richard Nixon. Never mind Watergate; Nixon should have been impeached for signing this stupid idea into law. There is only one truly irreplaceable, nonrenewable resource — time.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 25.67884
Retrieved Text: The leading fuels now used in automobiles, specifically gasoline and diesel, are originated from base crude. Industry experts have suggested several alternative fuels to meet the following targets: reduce air emissions, diminish reliance on crude oil, which is an imported, nonrenewable resource, and increase overall fuel use productivity.
Thus, it would require substantial changes in automotive design or in the distribution and marketing infrastructure to use most of the "alternative" fuels that do not meet all the targets at once. Examples are Ethanol and bio-diesel, that decrease dependence on petroleum, but are more expensive. CNG and LPG that are clean-burning gaseous fuels, but with low energy storage density and major engineering challenges in adapting the current internal combustion engine to use these fuels. On top of that is the cost of building new fuel station infrastructure, along with the obstacles in design, construction and environmental safety compared with current filling stations.
However, there is one alternative fuel to meet all the targets at once. Premium synthetic fuels produced using innovative new generation of GTL Technology developed by INFRA, correspond to the highest ecological requirements: zero aromatics, sulfur or nitrogen, high cetane number for diesel fuel and they do not require a major shift from current automobile design or infrastructure.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 25.591986
Retrieved Text: How do humans depend on Earth's resources?
Plants and animals can change their environment. Living things need water, air, and resources from the land, and they live in places that have the things they need. Humans use natural resources for everything they do. Energy and fuels humans use are derived from natural sources and their use affects the environment. Some resources are renewable over time, others are not. Humans depend on Earth’s land, ocean, atmosphere, and biosphere for different resources, many of which are limited or not renewable. Resources are distributed unevenly around the planet as a result of past geologic processes. Resource availability has guided the development of human society and use of natural resources has associated costs, risks, and benefits.
All forms of resource extraction and land use have associated economic, social, environmental, and geopolitical costs and risks, as well as benefits. New technologies and regulations can change the balance of these factors—for example, scientific modeling of the long-term environmental impacts of resource use can help identify potential problems and suggest desirable changes in the patterns of use. Much energy production today comes from nonrenewable sources, such as coal and oil. However, advances in related science and technology are reducing the cost of energy from renewable resources, such as sunlight, and some regulations are favoring their use. As a result, future energy supplies are likely to come from a much wider range of sources.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 25.25062
Retrieved Text: If you walk on the street before Tet, you’ll find great __________ everywhere.
The receptionist is always courteous to clients.
The Earth will be a happy planet where humans beings, animals and plants ______ coexit.
Most of our ________ come from fossil fuels.
Tom, ________ sits next to me, is from Canada.
No one knows the answer, ______________?
He was the last person_______ in this way.
The student _______ newspaper told me that he was good at English.
The photographs ________ in the newspaper were extraordinary.
Mai: We dressup and visit friends and relatives, and we also play some traditional games.
Nam: Where is the Post Office?
A. Thank you B. You’re welcome C. It’s over there D. It’ s great.
Hanoi, that is the capital of our country, is a city of peace.
This is the boy who sister studied with me in highschool.
We need energy to live and work. Our major source of energy is oil. Oil is one kind of fossil fuel. The amount of fossil fuels in the world is ([>]) ________ Therefore, we must save it, and at that time, we must find new sources of energy. Geothermal heat and nuclear power are alternative sources of energy. They can give us ([>]) ________. Other alternative sources are the sun, waves and water. These sources are ([>]) ________ unlimited and available but also clean and safe for the environment. People should develop and use them more and more in the future.
1. The natural environment consists of _____________ that are neccesary for life.
2. These resourse must be protected from _________ and conserved.
4. ___________ for animals is

########
Rank: 11
Score: 25.037283
Retrieved Text: Good environmental stewardship is of paramount importance. We are happy to announce that since 1992, Hicks Oils continues to do our part to reduce waste and improve the ecosystem by blending our Nature's Choice® product line utilizing re-refined base oils.
Re-refined base oil is the end product of used oil that is first cleansed of its contaminants such as dirt, water, fuel, and used additives through vacuum distillation. The oil is then hydro treated to remove any remaining impurities. It is then combined with fresh additive packages at the blender to create products that meet and exceed industry standards. Re-refined lubricant when tested shows no differences compared to product blended with virgin crude base oil.
By purchasing re-refined lubricants using re-refined base stocks produced in the United States, you will help "close the loop" for used oil products and also help reduce America's dependence on foreign oil.
Users also help the environment by eliminating waste material and lessening the amount of nonrenewable resources taken from the environment. These re-refined lubricants undergo the same comprehensive testing and meet the same quality standards as virgin lubricants in order to receive certification by the American Petroleum Institute (API). Keep in mind that these lubricants can be re-refined countless times without compromising the quality of the lubricant because, according to industry experts and manufacturers, oil does not "wear out".
Re-refining used oil into a reusable product can prevent damage to land, air, water, and health. Rather than using oil once, re-refining extends the life of a non-renewable resource.
Scrap materials from packaging are recycled. This

########
Rank: 12
Score: 25.026844
Retrieved Text: In this episode of Keipert Labs, we'll talk through the difference between renewable and non-renewable resources, as well as examples of each. Tune in to find out more!
Renewables are replaceable if the rate of extraction is less than the natural rate at which a resource renews. Examples of renewable resources are solar energy, tidal power, oxygen, biomass, fish stocks and forestry. Providing affordable, reliable and sustainable energy is a key issue in UK policy. Renewable energy is having an increasing impact on UK electricity generation and the same is true in many emerging and other developed countries.
Hello Welcome to my channel Kids Day, a channel dedicated to the entertainment of children and their parents, where you will find videos of Play Doh, drawings, colors, homemade experiments, crafts, and curiosities. We make a super cool Kids-Friendly Educational and Fun videos that will entertain the whole family. Art, drawing, painting, coloring for preschool kids. All our drawings are 100% original. Thanks for your support. SUBSCRIBE, Relax, Learn the Rainbow colors and Enjoy Coloring with us.
This movie is an example of renewable resources and how SKF's can further help the industry overcome today and tomorrow's challenges concerning ocean energy. Find out more at http://bit.ly/1eFMyc5. Related video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IbIwhB6KGPk The harsh underwater climate of Scotland's Orkney Islands provides the perfect location for ocean energy research. Knowledge engineer Cengiz Shevket and team make the trip to see how SKF can further develop renewable resources. SKF is changing the world through the power of knowledge and engineering. SKF started in 1907 as a

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.0262
Retrieved Text: [ Academia ] as a Relevant Course outside SLS for those interested in Economic Policy Analysis : Students considering a career in environmental law and policy will want to take one or more courses focusing on economic and policy tools and decision-making. This course is the first of a two course sequence on the economics of nonrenewable and renewable natural resources, including energy products and services. The course considers market structure, pricing, and performance of important energy and resource industries; sources of market failure in these industries; and alternative regulatory approaches.
[ Litigation ] as a Relevant Course outside SLS for those interested in Economic Policy Analysis : Students considering a career in environmental law and policy will want to take one or more courses focusing on economic and policy tools and decision-making. This course is the first of a two course sequence on the economics of nonrenewable and renewable natural resources, including energy products and services. The course considers market structure, pricing, and performance of important energy and resource industries; sources of market failure in these industries; and alternative regulatory approaches.
[ Regulatory & Policy ] as a Relevant Course outside SLS for those interested in Economic Policy Analysis : Students considering a career in environmental law and policy will want to take one or more courses focusing on economic and policy tools and decision-making. This course is the first of a two course sequence on the economics of nonrenewable and renewable natural resources, including energy products and services. The course considers market structure, pricing, and performance

########
Rank: 14
Score: 24.768417
Retrieved Text: Those who advocate increased oil and gas drilling generally, and quite reasonably, assume that increased drilling will result in significantly increased production of oil and gas. Drilling is certainly one of the rate-limiting steps to the eventual production of oil and gas. But beyond this crude notion that more is better, the innumerate naïveté of many energy projections is staggering.
In fact, many drilling advocates implicitly assume that the energy gained from increased drilling will be roughly linear: that is, doubling drilling effort is expected to eventually bring something like double the energy resources to market. In reality, the historical data give overwhelming and unequivocal evidence that the energy return on drilling in the United States will certainly be far less than this. For generations now, the energy return on increased drilling has been a quantitative relationship of sharply diminishing returns with increased drilling effort. In fact, for the last several decades, the relationship of drilling effort and energy return has been so unfavorable that there is little evidence that even vastly increased drilling will significantly increase U.S. domestic energy production. This stark fact must be incorporated into any strategic energy planning. To do otherwise is to put hope entirely before experience.
We can get an overview of the relationship of drilling activity and the energy production of oil and gas by looking at the historical data. The drilling activity numbers are from Baker Hughes Corporation data that tracks active rotary drill rigs in the United States from 1949 to present. Oil and gas production are Energy Information

########
Rank: 15
Score: 24.465313
Retrieved Text: MEXICO CITY — Ecologists toured Mexico City taco stands and sushi bars Wednesday to refuel an old school bus with waste cooking oil that will power the next leg of a green-awareness tour from California to Costa Rica.
The bus, which ran on avocado oil during a week-long drive down from the U.S. border, is being used to prove that vehicles can run on recycled fuels that pollute less than gasoline as it chugs around oil refineries, factories and eateries collecting vegetable oil.
“We’re running low, we have to score some oil today,” said environmentalist Zak Zaidman as crew members called around the greasiest-sounding eateries in the city’s phone directory.
The eye-catching 1974 white American bus is loaded with tanks that can carry 350 gallons of oil. Its diesel engine has been modified to run on the more viscous food oil.
Headed for Guatemala, El Salvador, Honduras, Nicaragua and lastly Costa Rica, it left San Francisco Dec. 1 with 150 gallons of waste oil from local Chinese and taco restaurants.
It next filled up with used frying oil — still hot — from a Mexican restaurant in Tucson, Arizona, and a load of avocado oil from a refinery across the border in Sonora, Mexico.
“We are probably down to about 75 gallons so it would be good to score a lot. If we can’t get it all at once we’ll just get it little by little. We can just go to a restaurant, see what’s in their grease trap, and pick it up,” Zaidman said.
Vegetable oil is carbon-neutral, meaning when burned it

########
Rank: 16
Score: 24.412228
Retrieved Text: The GREENS: Episode 5: Energy Quiz | PBS KIDS GO!
Which of these is real?
The amazing XO laptop is designed for the half-billion kids in the world who have no electricity and it can run very well on solar energy, batteries, electricity or even pedal power!
These "biofuels" can all be used to create energy and provide great alternatives to using fossil fuels.
We burn tons of coal — a non-renewable resource that takes MILLIONS of years to make — to create electricity. And burning it creates huge amounts of carbon dioxide that making global warming even warmer.
It's true — two researchers created a stool that captured the energy of someone sitting down to power LED lights!
Scientists have some crazy ideas about cooling the earth.
Which of these IS NOT real?
Scientists are doing just about everything but turning the power off in schools!
Water has been used as a power source for thousands of years. Hydropower rocks because it doesn't pollute and it's super-cheap!
Which of these energy sources will never run out?
Heat is created continuously deep in the center of the Earth and can be used for geothermal energy.
Which of these vehicles has actually been made?
They all exist, but the foot-powered car is the greenest, using human power instead of electricity or gas.
Which watery thing can NOT give us power?
Oceans and rivers are constantly moving, creating hydropower. The pool only moves when someone does a cannonball!
Which of these facts about nuclear power plants is NOT true?
They use a nonrenewable resource called uranium.
It's easy to safely get rid of the waste they

########
Rank: 17
Score: 24.25682
Retrieved Text: The world’s need for energy is an ever growing appetite and doesn’t show any signs of diminishing. If we are going to keep our planet and ourselves safe and healthy, we need to use energy wisely. What is renewable and non renewable energy and where does it come from?
One of the most enigmatic things in the world is energy. But what is associated with energy? Basically, and in one way or another, everything that we can see, touch and sometimes even think is associated with energy.
How many forms of energy exist? There are a few such as thermal, radiant, chemical, electrical and mechanical. It is difficult to put into words what energy is. It is easier to describe its manifestations. Do you want to boil some water? You need energy. Do you want to drink a glass of water? You need energy. Even thinking can't be performed without energy.
Narrowing our focus, let's look at a specific issue associated with power resources that we depend on. The matter is that the amount of energy expended cannot be more than the amount of energy there was to begin with. Basically, energy can change its forms, but the total amount of energy remains.
Energy can be divided into two types: renewable energy and nonrenewable energy. Renewable energy includes biomass energy, solar energy, wind energy, geothermal energy, hydro energy, and tidal energy. Nonrenewable energy includes oil, natural gas, coal and nuclear energy.
The problem is that most energy we use is taken from nonrenewable energy sources. Oil and natural gas come from

########
Rank: 18
Score: 24.088623
Retrieved Text: Despite all the recent negative publicity surrounding nonrenewable fuel sources, petroleum and natural gas have been advantageous for the growth of our modern world. It has actually helped the population have life after dark, transport of items all over the world, and permitted technology to advance. Nevertheless, using fossil fuels has also resulted in many negative consequences: it has developed extreme pollution, political problem, economic control and complete dependence of countries that lack this natural deposit.
The supply of nonrenewable fuel sources is limited, and it is only located in particular locations of the world. The demand for fossil fuels develops problems which threaten peace. Countries that have appropriate fossil fuel supplies might possibly threaten the security and economy of countries that depend on these countries. In addition, there have actually been numerous estimates made about the amount of fossil fuels left worldwide. These estimates are dependent upon the population growth, and just how much the actual non-renewable fuel source consumption increases in the near future. These estimates state that there is enough for approximately another 35 years of oil, 37 years of gas, and 107 years of coal  In addition to the negative environmental effects of using these fuels, there is a finite supply of nonrenewable fuel sources that will require using another form of energy. This limited supply and large demand will trigger inevitable price increases. Therefore, completion of inexpensive oil is rapidly approaching.
The use of nonrenewable fuel sources to meet the world’s energy requires is triggering unsafe side-effects for people, animals and plants.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 23.733055
Retrieved Text: With a growing population around the world, the need for energy is growing as well. We are accustomed to using fossil fuels as our central source of energy for everyday uses. Fossil fuels are a natural matter that is found in the ground of the Earth formed in a previous time period millions of years ago that are nonrenewable and are used for energy today. Fossil fuels have to be burned in order to produce energy. When nonrenewable resources have been used, they cannot restock themselves or ever be used again. Renewable energy is a supply of energy that can be used as many times necessary and does not use any compound made from the Earth. There are many different types of fossil fuels and renewable energy that we use for energy sources today. Recognizable renewable resources are geothermal, solar and wind power. Common types of fossil fuels are coal, oil and natural gases. An energy source that conserves the environment and is healthy to people is the top concern. People today are too dependable upon destructive fossil fuels for energy, which is why our attention should turn to renewable energy to conserve our natural resources.
Furnishes of fossil fuels will eventually disappear and then we will loose our main source of energy for things that we do everyday. This is why the importance of finding other sources of energy is so significant. With the discovery of the great abundance of fossil fuels, no one could stop to think that we might run out of them because

########
Rank: 20
Score: 23.336756
Retrieved Text: Analyzing Nonrenewable Resource Supply 1st Edition by Douglas R. Bohi; Michael A. Toman and Publisher Routledge. Save up to 80% by choosing the eTextbook option for ISBN: 9781317361428, 1317361423. The print version of this textbook is ISBN: 9781138950832, 1138950831.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 23.016047
Retrieved Text: Energy life cycle analysis (EgLCA), also popularly known as “energy balance,” accounts for the amount and type of energy used in the production of a fuel and compares that to the amount of energy contained in the resulting fuel.
We prefer the term “energy life cycle analysis” over “energy balance” because the term “energy balance” could mislead people into thinking that the input and output energy should be balanced, or equal. Because EgLCA is usually concerned with the input of fossil fuel energy versus the energy in the fuel itself, usually the input of solar energy (captured during photosynthesis) is not accounted for.
Energy life cycle analysis is different from Environmental Life Cycle Analysis (EvLCA), which measures the environmental impact or benefits of a product compared to other similar products. In other words, EgLCA is an energy accounting, whereas EvLCA is an accounting of greenhouse gas and other pollutants.
Several studies have been done on the energy life cycle of biodiesel. These studies often have widely differing results because the inputs were different, the assumptions were different, and the energy inputs were divided differently among the various products of the process (biodiesel, oilseed meal, and crude glycerin).
The “energy inputs” of biodiesel production include not only the energy used in the process of converting oil to biodiesel, but also could include the energy required to grow the soybeans, such as agricultural machinery use, and fertilizer and pesticide use; the energy required to transport the soybeans to the biodiesel production plant; and the energy required to construct the biodiesel plant. This

########
Rank: 22
Score: 22.995821
Retrieved Text: Vote to pass a bill that establishes various bureaus within the Department of the Interior and amends regulations for nonrenewable resource management.
Pursuant to all other Federal applicable laws, including the administration and approval of all instruments and agreements concerning renewable and nonrenewable energy and mineral resources development activities.
Levying fines and penalties against disqualifying operators.
Requires the Secretary of the Interior to issue supplementary ethics guidance for employees who have "regular, direct contact" with lessees and operators as part of their official duties, and requires the Secretary to update such guidance at least once every 3 years thereafter (Sec. 104).Abolishes the Minerals Management Service (Sec. 106).
Establishes the Outer Continental Shelf Safety and Environmental Advisory Board to provide the Department of the Interior with technical and scientific advice on safe and environmentally compliant exploration, development and production of renewable and nonrenewable energy and mineral resources (Sec. 108).
Establishes a fine of $200 million for every 1 million barrels of oil or other hazardous substance discharged into the Gulf of Mexico from an offshore facility, which shall be in addition to any other penalties that the owner or operator may incur (Sec. 504).
Repeals the limit on liability for oil pollution from an offshore facility other than a deepwater port, which in existing law equals no more than the total of all removal costs plus $75 million (Sec. 702).
"As appropriate," remotely operated vehicle intervention capabilities for secondary control of all sub sea blowout preventer functions.
Requires the Secretary of the Interior establish "appropriate" standards for the approval of independent third-party certifiers of functions

########
Rank: 23
Score: 22.584213
Retrieved Text: Urban regions worldwide are dominated by the need to provide for large numbers of high-speed, high-mass vehicles. Current strategies result in congestion, social fragmentation, and environmental degradation. An alternative urban design is presented that incorporates two separate road systems: one for light, low-speed vehicles and another for heavy, high-speed vehicles. This design enhances travel efficiency and sense of community, while minimizing energy use, water pollution, and nonrenewable resource consumption.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 22.337294
Retrieved Text: This tutorial offers straightforward information on energy basics, forms of energy, renewable and nonrenewable energy sources, energy transfer, and a historical perspective of scientific breakthroughs in the field. It includes games, experiments, and an Energy IQ test for the middle grades. Especially noteworthy are the diagrams, tables, and images that support the text. This resource was developed by the U.S. Energy Information Administration, an independent organization that collects, analyzes, and disseminates impartial energy information to promote public understanding of issues relating to energy use. Editor's Note: The authors developed this resource for use in the middle grades, but the readability score ranges from Grade 10 to Grade 13 (depending upon the index used). It is appropriate for independent student use in high school settings, however, we recommend scaffolding for use in middle school.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 22.238976
Retrieved Text: Which are the main TAESS features?
User interface based on Microsoft Excel 2007/2010.
Import thermodynamic data from external applications.
Automatic generation of the Fuel-Product table.
Analysis of the formation cost of product and residues.
The current version of TAESS provides an application launcher that allows to create an Excel worksheet from a template, which contains the macros to compute and to format the results.
Please subscribe for the new newsletter.
This book examines ways of assessing the rational management of nonrenewable resources. Integrating numerous methods, it systematically exposes the strengths of exergy analysis in resources management.
Is Gaia becoming Thanatia, a resource exhausted planet? For how long can our high-tech society be sustained in the light of declining mineral ore grades, heavy dependence on un-recycled critical metals and accelerated material dispersion? These are all root causes of future disruptions that need to be addressed today.
Copyright 2018, iCIRCE. All Rights Reserved.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 22.176628
Retrieved Text: Fri., November 21, 2014 4:26 a.m. | Friday, November 21, 2014 4:26 a.m.
Outreach coordinator Susie Toman of the nonprofit RiverQuest interacts with Lenape Elementary fourth-grade students as she talks about energy.
Lenepe Elementary students Cade Hartman (from left), Zowie Wills and Garron Bennett attempt to make a windmill move during a program about energy on Thursday, Nov. 20, 2014.
If there were a way to capture the energy and enthusiasm produced by fourth-grade students during a science program at Lenape Elementary School Thursday, it could have powered the whole building.
Students from Sue Girardi’s class filled the library for a hands-on lesson on energy sources given by RiverQuest, a nonprofit education organization.
“You can’t be too young to talk about taking care of the environment and learning about energy sources,” Girardi said.
Garron Bennett — wearing glasses and a T-shirt that read: “This is what awesome looks like” – was the first to answer when students were asked to name a natural energy resource.
“Coal,” he yelled out, before being invited to stand up.
He was soon joined by others wearing placards matching their answers, which included natural gas, oil, wood, wind, sun and water.
“Programs like this open their eyes to the versatility of our resources and how we use them,” said Susie Toman, outreach coordinator.
Toman and Deb Larson, program coordinator, talked about the costs and benefits of both renewable and nonrenewable sources and asked the students to consider the best ways to harness energy while protecting the environment.
Which led to a brief explanation on how energy impacts the economy.
Companies have to constantly

########
Rank: 27
Score: 22.118164
Retrieved Text: Curiously, the opposite is true: so-called 'scarce' resources are actually becoming more plentiful. Our technical ability to extract resources, including things like copper, zinc, chromium and manganese, is increasing faster than the rate at which we are using up existing 'reserves.' We use the term 'reserves' to denote the supply which can be extracted economically with current technology. For most of these resources our reserves are increasing. We can measure the relative availability of these resources by looking at their price. For many of them it has been going down over several decades, indicating a relative excess of the supply of them over the demand for them. Julian Simon won a famous public wager with Paul Erlich, predicting lower prices for an agreed basket of resources, and Erlich duly paid up when he lost.
If any resource does become genuinely scarce, the price rises, and this signals to people that they should use less of it, turning to substitutes where they have become more economic to develop. It also tells people to produce more of the scarce resource, with the higher price making previously marginal sources now more economic to develop. The price mechanism thus acts to counter their scarcity by reducing demand and augmenting supply.
Oil and gas were long thought to be exceptions to this trend, but even here technology has given us access to new supplies. Hydraulic fracturing (fracking) has made available sources of oil and gas from places less volatile politically than those we previously depended upon. Prices have tumbled, and cheap shale gas

########
Rank: 28
Score: 21.978638
Retrieved Text: It’s amazing what our SunSource® Home Energy System can do. Using the energy from the sunlight to power your home’s heating and cooling could cut your utility bills in half. And it can power more than just heating and cooling equipment. Our solar products, offered in Long Island, could also help power other appliances and lights in your home. After installing this solar energy system, you may find yourself smiling every time you think about the utility bill.
It’s renewable. Reverse from nonrenewable energy sources like oil and natural gas, the sun’s energy supply is virtually unlimited. As long as the sun shines down on us in Ronkonkoma, we’ll be able to access this energy source.
As you may be unfamiliar with how solar energy systems work and all their benefits, we’ve collected all the information here. Select each category to for more information.
When you’re ready to learn more or if you have any questions, call Cool Power LLC in Ronkonkoma at 631-246-4029, or set up an appointment online.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 21.97023
Retrieved Text: When and How Will Growth Cease?
GR: The three ways that Jason Brent (article introduced below) believes our unsustainable economic and population growth will end make sense, but choosing between the two methods of population control (as opposed to lethal disasters, the first method) requires rational behavior. Nothing in our history suggests that humanity makes rational decisions at global scales. That leaves only Brent’s first way, “Wars, most likely with weapons of mass destruction, disease, starvation, civil strife and other horrors beyond the imagination.” Let’s think about that.
Among the many scientists studying climate, even the most conservative are beginning to accept that global temperature will rise by 4-degrees Celsius by 2100. The accelerated weather extremes that come with the warming will add to the pressure of limited resources on economic growth, even growth at realistic rates of 2% or 1.5%.
The greatest short-term climate change effects on growth will be reductions of agricultural productivity, marine fisheries, and freshwater supplies. These will force migrations and resource conflicts that will begin to trim population and economic growth well before the end of the century. Several uncertain events could further shorten the period of economic growth. Pandemic disease, loss of arctic ice, methane release, and power failure leading to nuclear reactor meltdown are just a few of the possibilities.
As others have pointed out, reducing population will not stop economic growth before current resource limitations and the compounding effect of climate change cause a crash. Disaster preparations at national and local levels are essential. Richard Heinberg recently offered two approaches to preparing

================



======= Instance Index 14 =========
Input Text: Magma contains

Which is the correct answer?
- particles of iron
- Loads of leaves
- Soda
- Silly Putty

Target Text: particles of iron

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.834564
Retrieved Text: Microgranite is a medium-grained intrusive igneous rock. It contains crystals, smaller than grains of rice, which are interlocking and randomly oriented. It is pale grey and can sometimes be pinkish in colour.
It contains a number of minerals, mostly feldspars, which are pale grey or pinkish, and quartz, which is grey or white. It also contains small specs of mafic (dark coloured) minerals.
Microgranite is the medium-grained equivalent of granite. The crystals are slightly smaller than granite indicating that the magma cooled more quickly. It usually occurs in smaller intrusions than granite. Microgranite forms from magma that contains a lot of quartz (silica).

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.627335
Retrieved Text: "The Gold Flat Tuff, Nevada: Insights into the evolution of peralkaline" by Ray Macdonald, Boguslaw Baginski et al.
The Gold Flat Tuff, Nevada: Insights into the evolution of peralkaline silicic magmas.
The Gold Flat Tuff is the youngest (9.15 Ma) ash-flow sheet erupted from the Black Mountain Volcanic Centre, southwest Nevada, USA. This paper explores some aspects of the very complex nature of the tuff's magmatic plumbing system. The main body of the deposit is a mixed magma product, comprising pantelleritic and comenditic melts derived from independently evolving reservoirs, and antecrysts and enclaves derived from a range of basic to intermediate sources. Metre-scale cognate xenoliths point to the presence of alkali feldspar accumulation zones. The pantellerite contains phenocrysts of fluorite and chevkinite-(Ce). The inferred intermediate magma component contains perrierite-(Ce) phenocrysts. The pantellerite has unusually high contents of F (≤2.2 wt%), F + Cl (≤2.9 wt%) and ZrO2 (≤1.04 wt%). The high halogen contents may have influenced the evolution of the strongly peralkaline magma. The crystallization conditions are poorly constrained but those for the pantelleritic magma may have been close to water-saturation (>4 wt% melt water) at temperatures ~740 °C and fO2 around FMQ.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.500324
Retrieved Text: Q. What makes GM different from other barley grass products?
Green Magma is a natural concentrated whole food and its nutrients are in their natural, biologically active states. Many supplements, including multi-vitamin and mineral pills - contain synthetic ingredients. Most grass powders are processed by dehydrating the whole leaf without separating the pulp from the juice. The result is a product that contains a high concentration of insoluble fibre compared to soluble juice nutrients. The nutrients remaining in the powder may be trapped inside the insoluble fibre which the human body cannot breakdown because we lack the enzyme cellulase. Therefore, the amount of nutrition that is absorbed and utilized by consuming whole leaf fibre powders is less compared to the nutrients that we absorb from consuming Green Magma.
Q. Is Green Magma Organic?
Yes - Green Magma is fully certified organic.
Q. Is Green Magma GMO free?
Yes Green Magma is entirely GMO free. Both the maltodextrin used in the product and the barley grass itself are 100% GMO free.
Q. Where is the Green Barley used in Green Magma grown?
The Green Barley grass used in Green Magma is grown in Japan – in some of the worlds most fertile volcanic soil.
Q. How does Green Barley compare with Wheatgrass?
While both barley grass and wheat grass are nutritious, Dr. Hagiwara, founder of Green Foods, demonstrated in his research that barley grass contains all the essential nutrients required by our bodies. Research has found that barley grass is a more potent source than wheat grass of the “grass juice factor” necessary for growth and

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.037746
Retrieved Text: Explosive sources triggered inside a magma conduit may excite the conduit into acoustic resonance. The acoustic field in the conduit can propagate into the atmosphere through an open vent and ensonify the overlying atmosphere. The character of the airborne sound field is determined by a combination of propagation and source effects: the resonance of the magmatic conduit and the diffraction of the sound field at the volcanic vent are acoustic propagation effects, whereas the explosion pressure signature and the firing rate of the explosions define the source characteristics. For wavelengths larger than the conduit radius, only the longitudinal resonances of the magmatic conduit are relevant, and the open vent radiates like a piston surrounded by an infinite baffle. In this case, the fluid particle velocities are directed along the axis of the conduit and the sound field may propagate into the surrounding bedrock through the conduit wall displacement induced by the fluid overpressure. This coupling may produce seismic signals with banded spectra, such as volcanic tremor and long-period events. The airborne pressure field retains the modal structure of the sound field in the magmatic conduit, which contains information on the conduit geometry and geo-acoustic properties of the magma. The seismic wavefield is driven by the acoustic field in the magma and also contains this information, although it may be filtered by propagation effects in the bedrock. The theoretical sound field in the magma conduit is used to interpret seismic tremor signals recorded at Mt. Spurr Volcano, Alaska. Rapid variations in the acoustic impedance of the magma

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.606094
Retrieved Text: Paris - Much to the excitement of Magma fans worldwide, the band's critically acclaimed 1975 live album “Magma Live” has been remastered and contains two bonus tracks not on the original release! After the departure in autumn 1974 of Jannick Top and most of the other members of the band, Magma rose phoenix-like from the ashes with a new hot line-up, which saw the musical opportunity lying before it. After long rehearsals Christian Vander realized that he had yet another exceptional group and the decision was taken to records the first Magma live album. The recording, made in June 1975 at the Taverne de l'Olympia, perfectly demonstrates the incredible impact made by Magma. Absolutely dedicated to the music of Christian Vander, who by that time had reached the summit of his art, the band plays as if they were one man and sweeps all before it in its triumphant passage.
Whether it was a new arrangement of any old pieces (KOHNTARK, KOBAH, MEKANIK), or a previously unheard piece (HHAI, LIHNS), the sound of Magma has never been heard more powerfully as on this incredible recording. Although it remains difficult to point any one performance as being outstanding, it would never-the-less be difficult not to react to the mind-blowing performance by Didier Lockwood, whose violin playing contributes so greatly to the profound originality of this magnificent double album!
The best live album by the best French band ever.
Essential listening. Prepare for a shock!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.117317
Retrieved Text: It all starts with powdered juice from young barley grass, a chlorophyll-rich plant packed with vitamins, minerals and antioxidants. Next comes mixed vegetable powders; whether you’re a dedicated vegetarian living a plant-based lifestyle or an omnivore who cringes at the sight of salad, you can meet — or even exceed — your daily veggie quota thanks to this blend containing carrot, wheat grass, alfalfa, cabbage, beets, daikon radish, tomato, spinach, kale and more.
Magma Plus also contains mixed fruit powders, bee products, whole food extracts, herbal extracts, green algae, probiotics and vegetarian-sourced enzymes. In short, it’s everything you need to feel, look and think your best, all wrapped up in a 3 teaspoon serving and ready to be incorporated into your daily diet.
Stir 9 grams (about 3 teaspoons) of your Magma Plus into an 8-ounce glass of water until dissolved.
• Improve Overall Health: With 1.8 grams of health-sustaining barley grass and a wealth of nature’s most prized fruits, vegetables, plants and herbs, Magma Plus is primed to fuel your body in some truly brilliant ways.
• Boost Energy: Rather than relying on stimulants, Magma Plus boosts energy via a natural source of energy: adenosine triphosphate, or ATP. As living organisms soak up energy from food and sunlight, that energy is metabolized and then stored as ATP. When your cells need a little extra get up and go, they turn to ATP — and now, with Magma Plus, you have plenty to provide.
• Promote Muscle and Nervous System Function: You feel your best when you can move and think

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.83657
Retrieved Text: Configuration: 8 boxes per inner case. 1 Pack Per Box, 4 Cards Per Pack.
PLEASE NOTE: Factory labels state this a 4-Box Case, however this is in fact an 8-Box Case.
Donruss Signature Series contains a 400-card, all autographed base set, with Gold (sequentially numbered to 10 or less) and Magma (numbered to 1) parallels. Each box includes either a Rookie Autograph Jersey or Multi-Autograph Booklet.
The autograph checklist includes NFL players from the past, present and future.
Look for Rookie Autographs and Rookie Jersey Autographs, including Prime (sequentially numbered to 49 or less) and Super Prime (numbered to 1) parallels.
Get one multi-player autograph booklet per case, featuring two, four, six, and eight autographs on one card!
numbered to 10 or less) and Magma (numbered to 1) parallels.
SIGNATURE SERIES GR8S: Amazing Autographed booklets feature eight of the greatest quarterbacks, running backs, receivers of all-time all on one card!
ROOKIE JERSEY SIGNATURE SERIES: Look for Rookie Autographs and Rookie Jersey Autographs including Prime (sequentially numbered to 49 or less) and Super Prime (numbered to 1) parallels.
SIGNATURE SERIES HOF: Find rare Pro Bowl and Hall of Fame autographed cards in the Signature Series set!
SIGNATURE SERIES MAGMA: Look for 1-of-1 Magma autographs, paralleling the entire 400-card Signature Series set!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.783777
Retrieved Text: The build-up of magma six kilometres below El Salvador’s Ilopango caldera means the capital city of San Salvador may be at risk from future eruptions, University of Bristol researchers have found.
A caldera is a large cauldron-like volcanic depression or crater, formed by the collapse of an emptied magma chamber. The depression often originates from very big explosive eruptions. In Guatemala and El Salvador, caldera volcanoes straddle tectonic fault zones along the Central American Volcanic Arc (CAVA). The CAVA is 1,500 kilometres long, stretching from Guatemala to Panama.
The team, from the Volcanology research group at Bristol’s School of Earth Sciences and the Ministry of the Environment and Natural Resources in El Salvador, studied the density distribution beneath the Ilopango caldera and the role tectonic stresses – caused by the movement of tectonic plates along fault lines – have on the build-up of magma at depth. Their study is published today in the journal Nature Communications.
The Ilopango caldera is an eight km by 11 kilometre volcanic collapse structure of the El Salvador Fault Zone. The collapsed caldera was the result of at least five large eruptions over the past 80,000 years.
The last of these occurred about 1,500 years ago and produced enough volcanic ash to form a 15 centimetre thick layer across the entire UK. This catastrophic eruption destroyed practically everything within a 100 kilometre radius, including a well-developed native Mayan population, and significantly disturbed the Mayan populations as far as 200 kilometres away.
The most recent eruptions occurred in 1879–1880 and were on a much smaller scale than

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.741352
Retrieved Text: The plug-like Sierra de Cristo Rey intrusion represents some of the oldest magmatism (48 my) in the Tertiary Trans-Pecos magmatic province. It is located in the western portion of the Trans-Pecos province. The intrusion consists of phenocryst-rich biotite hornblende trachyandesite and contains a suite of enclaves that includes biotite hornblende monzodiorite (81%), medium to coarse-grained hornblende diorite (3%), fine-grained hornblende diorite (IX), crustal xenoliths that range from hornblende anorthosite to anorthositic gabbro (14%), and sedimentary xenoliths incorporated from the surrounding Cretaceous sediments (1%). The crustal xenoliths display distinctive texture and are unlike any rock type exposed in the El Paso area. They probably represent an underlying Precambrian anorthositic body of the middle crust. An aphanitic rhyolitic sill crops out on the southern and southwestern flanks of the main trachyandesite intrusion. Field relationships suggest that the rhyolitic magma intruded prior to the trachyandesite magma. The Cristo Rey host and most enclaves are characterized by steep REE patterns and abundant Sr (1200ppm) and Ba (1300-1900ppm). Zr abundances range from 130-160ppm. Crustal xenoliths have similar Sr abundances but lower Ba (500ppm) and Zr (60ppm). The presence of the rhyolitic sill and the enclave population suggest that the Cristo Rey magma was affected by a combination of fractional crystallization, magma mixing and/or mingling, and possibly partial melting continental crust.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.55376
Retrieved Text: Recipe for a volcano: take some rock powder from a recent eruption (basaltic-andesite works best), combine with some limestone in a small capsule, and cook in a pressure-cooker at 1200 degrees Celsius (2200 Fahrenheit) until gas bubbles form. Serve warm.
For the first time, researchers at Uppsala University in Sweden have recreated in a lab the step-by-step chemical reactions occurring in explosive volcanoes. The team studied one of the planet’s most active and dangerous sites, Indonesia’s Merapi volcano. Merapi’s dome expands during long intervals of quiet, which are punctuated every several years by violent, explosive eruptions. These explosions spew out crystal-rich basaltic-andesite, which contains rock fragments encased in shells of hardened magma, called inclusions. These layered chunks of rock are abundant on Merapi – researchers find them just lying on the ground near the volcano.
The Swedish scientists were intrigued by one type of inclusion called “Calc-silicates,” formed when magma engulfs bits of limestone from the earth’s crust, eating away at the calcium carbonate limestone and causing it to expand, crack and melt.
“It pointed to the fact that magma and crust were somehow interacting and liberating gas,” said Frances Deegan, a member of the Uppsala team. That was the first clue that magma was disintegrating parts of the Earth’s crust in these eruptions.
The Swedish team was led by petrologist Valentin Troll who presented a poster on the research Tuesday morning at the American Geophysical Union’s Fall Meeting. Following the recipe described above in their lab, the team took powdered, dried magma from Merapi and combined it with limestone

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.27377
Retrieved Text: The Kapalagulu and Musongati intrusions are differentiated mafic–ultramafic intrusions, more than 1 km in stratigraphic thickness and several 10 s of km2 in size. They form part of the Kabanga–Musongati belt of intrusions in western Tanzania and Burundi. The intrusions of the Kabanga–Musongati belt were emplaced at ca 1.4 Ga into pelitic sediments of the Burundi and Karagwe–Ankolean Supergroups that accumulated during an early rifting phase of the Kibaran orogeny. The parental magmas to the intrusions were of picritic composition (ca 15% MgO) that assimilated variable amounts of sulfidic sedimentary rocks during emplacement. Modeling suggests that the Musongati magma assimilated ca. 5% of sedimentary material, whereas the Kapalagulu magma assimilated ca. 15% of sediment. Contamination caused enrichment of the magma and the cumulates in incompatible trace elements, the development of negative Nb–Ta–Ti anomalies, and crustal sulfur isotopic signatures (δ34S = + 4.5 to + 20). At Kapalagulu, contamination of the parent magma led to the formation of basal olivine melanorite cumulates. In the less contaminated Musongati intrusion dunites and harzburgites formed at the base. Both intrusions are prospective for magmatic Ni and PGE deposits. This is indicated by empirical observations, notably the presence of important Ni sulfide ores at Kabanga and reef-type PGE concentrations at Musongati and Kapalagulu. It is also supported by theoretical considerations, namely the high-magnesian composition of the parental magmas and the abundance of sulfides in the host sedimentary rocks. Weathering of the ultramafic rocks resulted in a thick lateritic crust that contains up to > 4 ppm PGE and, at Musongati, hosts

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.194962
Retrieved Text: Jigglypuff (Japanese: プリン Purin) is a Colorless-type Basic Pokémon card. It is part of the EX Team Magma vs Team Aqua expansion.
Remove all Special Conditions and 3 damage counters from Jigglypuff (all if there are less than 3). Jigglypuff is now Asleep.
This card's ID is M-23-#. The Dot Code strip contains Pokédex information, a TCG glossary snippet, and a brief area summary for Pokémon Ruby and Sapphire.
This card was released in the English EX Team Magma vs Team Aqua expansion, first originating as one of the Japanese ADV-P Promotional cards. In Japan, it was released through a Meiji Chocolate campaign in February 2004.
Double Slap and Rest are both moves in the Pokémon games that Jigglypuff can learn. This card's e-Reader Pokédex entry comes from Pokémon Ruby.
This page was last edited on 10 May 2018, at 20:02.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.90161
Retrieved Text: The Menan Buttes are tuff cones, a type of volcano that forms when hot, basaltic magma interacts with water near Earth’s surface.
Basaltic magma, produced in Earth’s mantle, travels towards the surface through magma-filled cracks called dikes. As the magma in a dike nears the surface, it can interact with water. Usually, heat from the magma warms surrounding rocks that vaporize water before it nears the magma. However, water reaches the magma where it is abundant and flows easily. Water and magma interact explosively. Heat from the magma causes the water to vaporize.
These explosions break the magma into BB-sized pieces called ash and throw these fragments into the air. Accumulating ash from an ongoing eruption forms a growing cone. The ash in the cone solidifies to form a rock called a tuff. Thus, the Menan Buttes are a tuff cone.
The sediments beneath the Menan Buttes consist of gravel deposited by the Snake and Henrys Fork rivers. Water fills the large pore spaces in these gravel deposits. The Menan Buttes are part of a string of at least six volcanoes, including the Annis Buttes (southeast) and Sand Hill (northwest). These volcanoes formed when magma traveling through a dike reached the water in the gravel deposits. Each volcano formed at a different location along the dike.
Today, visitors to the Buttes observe volcanic cones composed of tuff (welded ash). In places, the tuff contains rounded river cobbles and angular pieces of lava flow from the underlying deposits.
When a volcano erupts it will sometimes eject material into the atmosphere. This material

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.701637
Retrieved Text: Granite rock is very common.
It is the most common intrusive rock on the Earth.
It is an intrusive igneous rock, which means it is formed under the Earth's surface, in plutons and other igneous intrusions, when magma cools.
Because magma cools relatively slowly there, granite is not the finest grained, its grains are medium size.
It has an interlocking texture, i. e. its grains are intelocked like in a puzzle.
It is always closely associated with mountain building and it is often seen in large batholiths, which have been uplifted and uncovered by erosion.
We see granite everywhere, and its texture is so typical it seems really easy to identify.
But when we talk about granite, we mean what geologists actually call granitoids - a group of granite-related rocks.
The actual granite needs laboratory methods to be idenitified.
The different types of granite include, but are not limited to white, pink, graphic, porphyritic, hornblende, orbicular and rapakivi granite, porphyritic, white and pink microgranite, tonalite, granodiorite and more.
It is a felsic rock, which contains about 70% silica.
Granite's main minerals are quartz, feldspar and mica, however with so many different variations, the whole mineral composition of course varies.
If the magma with the same composition forms an extrusive igneous rock, it will be rhyolite.
Granite is widely used in buildings, kitchen countertops and tombstones. Some of the famous occurences are Devils Marbles in Australia, and El Capitan in Yosemity and Mount Rushmore in the northern US.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.653063
Retrieved Text: The underground mass of water is between the size of Lake Superior and Lake Huron.
A team of researchers has discovered an enormous reservoir of water mixed with magma, or semi-molten rock, roughly nine miles beneath Uturuncu, a dormant volcano in the Andes.
In an article published in the journal Earth and Planetary Science Letters, the scientists say there that there may be many lakes deep in the Earth beneath other volcanoes as well, and that the bodies of water may explain how and why eruptions happen. The lakes also may play a role in the formation of the Earth's crust.
The subterranean lake apparently contains a volume of water that's somewhere between Lake Huron (850 cubic miles) and Lake Superior (2,903 cubic miles), according to Jon Blundy, a volcano researcher and professor at the UK's University of Bristol, who was one of the study's authors.
According to New Scientist, Blundy and colleagues discovered the massive lake while investigating the Altiplano-Puna magma body, an even more massive underground formation that slows down seismic waves and conducts electricity.
The researchers took rocks ejected by an eruption of Uturuncu that occurred half a billion years ago, mixed them with water in the lab and then subjected them to pressure and temperature conditions comparable to those deep in the Earth. They found that with a mix of about eight to 10% water, the electrical conductivity matched the actual Altiplano-Puna.
That data matched other formations that have been discovered beneath volcanoes such as Mount St. Helen's in Washington state, which led the researchers to suspect that

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.559862
Retrieved Text: 6.1.1. What kind of rock is formed from lava?
6.1.2. Which is NOT an example of a rock?
6.2.1. Which factor does not help in the formation of metamorphic rocks?
6.2.2. What layer of the Earth contains solid rock and can also from magma?
6.3.1. What does a 1 mean on the Moh's Scale?
6.3.2. Which of the following properties do all minerals have in common?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.509132
Retrieved Text: How Do Extrusive and Intrusive Environments Differ?
With a background on how melts form and freeze, we can now introduce key features of the two settings intrusive and extrusive in which igneous rocks form.
Different volcanoes extrude molten rock in different ways. Some volcanoes erupt streams of low-viscosity lava that ﬂood down the ﬂanks of the volcano and then cover broad swaths of the countryside. When this lava freezes, it forms a relatively thin lava ﬂow. Such ﬂows may cool in days to months. In contrast, some volcanoes erupt viscous masses of lava that pile into rubbly domes. And still others erupt explosively, sending clouds of volcanic ash and debris skyward, and/or avalanches of ash tumbling down the sides of the volcano.
If magma stayed put once it formed, new igneous rocks would not develop in or on the crust. But it doesn't stay put; magma tends to move upward, away from where it formed. In some cases, it reaches the Earth’s surface and erupts at a volcano. This movement is a key component of the Earth System, because it transfers material from deeper parts of the Earth upward and provides the raw material from which new rocks and the atmosphere and ocean form. Eventually, magma freezes and transforms into a new solid rock.
Magma rises for two reasons. First, buoyancy drives magma upward just as it drives a wooden block up through water, because magma is less dense than the surrounding rock. Second, magma rises because the weight of overlying rock creates pressure at depth that literally squeezes magma

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.17366
Retrieved Text: France's Magma can lay claim to a level of pretension that dwarfs even the most mystical progressive rock bands of the '70s. (None of them bothered to create their own language.) Yet the group's music can hardly be lumped in with that realm. Rather, French drummer and John Coltrane fanatic Christian Vander's ensemble aimed to purify the soul via a multi-movement cycle detailing war, interplanetary migration and mysterious prophets. If the concept weren't strange enough, the music came out an eclectic fusion of Coltrane, Bela Bartok and Weather Report  with an operatic sense of sturm und drang. Today, Magma is often classified with other avant-prog bands like Univers Zero and Richard Pinhas' Heldon, but they were truly in a league of their own.
Magma's musical roots are effectively 1960s R&B, early 20th century classical music and modern jazz (especially Coltrane). In 1967, when he was 17, Vander left France for Italy on something of a soul-searching mission after Coltrane's death. Upon his return the following year, he sought out and played with jazz stars (including Chick Corea) as they traveled through France. In 1969, with the help of future Magma producer Laurent Thibault, he and future Magma member Francis Moze got a gig supporting a French pop singer  only to be fired after two shows. However, a concert promoter liked Vander's band, and let them continue touring on their own under an absurd moniker, the Carnaby Street Singers. It was then that Vander experimented with ideas like artificial language for the first time, performing it

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.141315
Retrieved Text: "Magmatic" redirects here. For other uses, see Magma (disambiguation).
Lava flow on Hawaii. Lava is the extrusive equivalent of magma.
Magma (from Ancient Greek μάγμα (mágma) meaning "thick unguent") is the molten or semi-molten natural material from which all igneous rocks are formed. Magma is found beneath the surface of the Earth, and evidence of magmatism has also been discovered on other terrestrial planets and some natural satellites. Besides molten rock, magma may also contain suspended crystals and gas bubbles. Magma is produced by melting of the mantle and/or the crust at various tectonic settings, including subduction zones, continental rift zones, mid-ocean ridges and hotspots. Mantle and crustal melts migrate upwards through the crust where they are thought to be stored in magma chambers or trans-crustal crystal-rich mush zones. During their storage in the crust, magma compositions may be modified by fractional crystallization, contamination with crustal melts, magma mixing, and degassing. Following their ascent through the crust, magmas may feed a volcano or solidify underground to form an intrusion (e.g., an igneous dike or a sill). While the study of magma has historically relied on observing magma in the form of lava flows, magma has been encountered in situ three times during geothermal drilling projects—twice in Iceland (see Magma usage for energy production), and once in Hawaii.
Most magmatic liquids are rich in silica. Silicate melts are composed mainly of silicon, oxygen, aluminium, iron, magnesium, calcium, sodium, and potassium. The physical behaviours of melts depend upon their atomic structures as well as upon temperature and pressure and composition.
Viscosity is

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.85827
Retrieved Text: The earth materials are composed of the soil, rocks, water and the gases found in the atmosphere. The materials also possess different chemical properties. These properties make them very useful in a variety of ways. These are the resources that humans use for consumption. Minerals refer to the combination of elements that possesses a unique structure that forms an inorganic compound. A greater part of the crust of the Earth is composed of several minerals. Minerals help form rocks such as granite. Rocks are made up of minerals. Rocks also have different colors when one will be able to look closely at them. The rocks are composed of not only one kind of mineral but also different kinds of minerals. Minerals are not formed from inorganic compounds. They must occur naturally and contains the same chemical composition with the organic compound that it originates. Minerals have with them a crystalline structure. Because of this type of structure, specific atoms have the same repeated pattern.
Weathering and erosion affect the formation of rocks on earth. Weathering and erosion break down larger rocks into smaller rocks. The composition of rocks can also be changed. There are three basic forms of weathering. One type is mechanical or physical weathering wherein clasts of rocks and mineral are produced. The resulting rocks are smaller than the original ones but have the same type of composition. Mechanical weathering is the physical disintegration of rocks and several factors can bring about chemical weathering. These are the development of salt crystals, frost and root action.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.758064
Retrieved Text: At the top of an obsidian dome, view rocks that look different but have the same composition.
Obsidian, Glass Creek, and Deadman Creek domes all erupted in 1350 CE (Millar, et al. 2006). The vents from which the domes erupted are all aligned to the north-south. Based on the north-south alignment of the vents, the magma that fed these eruptions was most likely brought to surface along a dike (Miller, 1985). A dike is a long crack that is filled with magma - think of it as a curtain made of magma.
The volcanic activity at the three vents began with initial phreatic (steam) explosions. Phreatic explosions are caused by the heating of ground water and the intruding magma dike was most likely the heat source. The heated water expanded and exploded, blowing steam and rocks into the air. The best examples of explosion craters in the area are the Inyo Craters on the summit and south flank of Deer Mountain. Explosion craters from other phreatic eruptions can be seen next to Obsidian Dome and between Obsidian Dome and Glass Creek Dome. The phreatic explosions were followed by pyroclastic eruptions (explosive eruptions of magma). Pyroclastic eruptions require a significant gas content to propel the magma into the air where it cools forming ash, lapilli, and pumice (<2mm to 64 mm). Once there is no longer enough gas to propel the magma into the air, the eruptions often conclude with passive extrusion of lava (dome growth). After extrusion of the Obsidian, Glass Creek, and Deadman Creek domes, the Inyo

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.717838
Retrieved Text: Fake-Out Opening: Chapter 9 appears to reveal that the Magma Grunt had just been using Brandon to get her hands on Primal Groudon, in order to restore Team Magma to full strength. This is driven home by the chapter's cover depicting a shattered photograph with the caption "Dated a Team Magma Grunt".
and drawn by Gooberman, Dating a Team Magma Grunt follows the events of Poké Apology Gift: After fighting in Chapter 9, Brendan bought a bunch of.
Read here: %C3%A9mon-dating-a-team-magma -grunt-doujinshi_ch9_by_mms-mechanical-scans If you need.
Pokemon - Dating a Team Magma Grunt (Doujinshi) - Read Pokemon - Dating a Team Magma Grunt (Doujinshi) 9 Online Pokemon - Dating a Team Magma Grunt (Doujinshi) 9 Online Reader Tip: Click on the Pokemon - Dating a Team Magma Grunt (Doujinshi) manga image or use left-right keyboard arrow keys to go to the next page.
Dating a Team Magma Grunt Chapter 9 by gooberman ALSO ALSO I finally went and put together a full album containing the entire Dating a Team Magma Grunt.
Sep 04, · Pokémon Dating a Team Magma Grunt 9 [Manhwa Español] Kuro y Arc [OST] Team Fish Knuckles views. New; Pokemon Card GB2 Part 1: Bill too strong Ft: D-Free!
Yourself site rare dating a team magma grunt ch. Discover and roxanne doing the first chapter 9, august 30, how to post with relations. Despite the wrong.
Dating a Team Magma Grunt: Chapter (English Dub) by RagtagNinjaboy. Play next; Play now; Dating a Team Magma Grunt: Chapter 5 (English Dub) by RagtagNinjaboy.
Pokemon Dating a Team Magma Grunt Doujinshi 1 English. You could

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.616833
Retrieved Text: Green Foods Magma Plus Powder Description: The Ultimate Super Food 57 Natural Ingredients Feel The Difference With Active Enzymes Phytonutrients, Antioxidants, Probiotics Certified Natural and Pure Magma Plus contains barley grass juice powder plus 56 other natural ingredients. It provides a full range of phytonutrients including active enzymes, antioxidants, carotenoids, flavonoids, vitamins, minerals, fiber, protein, amino acids, prebiotics, probiotics, and chlorophyll. Free Of Added sugar, salt, colorings and fillers. Disclaimer These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.
Ingredients : Barley leaves juice powder, carrot juice powder, alfalfa powder, lettuce powder, cabbage powder, daikon radish powder, bean sprout powder, celery powder, tomato powder, spinach powder, kale powder, maltodextrin, lecithin, honey, bee pollen, royal jelly, apple, banana, pineapple, papaya, mango, raspberry, chicory root extract, wheat germ extract, l. bifidus, l. acidophillus, l. plantarum, spirulina, chlorella, licorice root extract, coix extract, vitamin E, acerola extract, brown rice extract, red beets extract, milk thistle extract, echinacea extract, ginseng extract, astragalus extract, aloe vera, green tea extract, ginger extract, stevia extract, reishi mushroom extract, cayenne pepper, garlic, cat's claw extract, yucca root extract, ginkgo biloba extract, glucomannan, bilberry extract, grape seeds extracts, lipase, amylase, protease, barley malt, l. rhamnosus type A, bifido bacterium longum, s. thermophilus, danualiella salina and nova scotia dulse.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.563934
Retrieved Text: This Magma Cube is trying to hop out of the Nether lava.
Magma Cubes, also called Fire Slimes, Magma Slimes or Lava Slimes, are the Nether equivalent of the rare overworld mob, Slimes, although they are a bit more dangerous. These mobs can jump much higher than Slimes, making them harder to avoid. Tiny Magma Cubes will hurt the player, but tiny Slimes will not. Magma Cubes do not spawn in the same conditions as their green Overworld counterpart; they can spawn all over the Nether, though mostly in the Superflat Nether worlds unique to the console edition of Minecraft. Both mobs come in large, medium or tiny sizes. The three former sizes split into the one below them, and the tiny size will die if hit enough. Only the small ones drop their unique drop, Magma Cream, a brewing ingredient. Even so, it is fairly rare, with a 25% drop chance. Unlike Slimes, Magma Cubes split into eight layers while hopping, exposing a molten core. You do not need to hit this molten core to hurt one, contrary to some beliefs.
Magma Cubes do not require a special technique to kill. Just avoid their jumps and hit them. Since they do not have ranged attacks, the Bow is not needed and a sword is the best weapon against them so long as it has a better power than a Bow. At the Nether point of the game, it's not too overboard to assume you have a diamond sword, which inflicts 3.5 hearts damage. If a Magma Cube

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.523525
Retrieved Text: The Cave of Crystals is a cave approximately 1,000 feet (300 m) below the surface in the limestone host rock of the mine. The chamber contains giant selenite crystals, some of the largest natural crystals ever found. The selenite crystals were formed by hydrothermal fluids emanating from the magma chambers below. The cavern was discovered while the miners were drilling through the Naica fault, which they were worried would flood the mine. The caves are closed to the public.
The Cave of Swords is another chamber in the Naica Mine, also containing gypsum crystals but each only about a meter long.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.499672
Retrieved Text: GEO ExPro - Haven’t I Seen That Somewhere Before?
Haven’t I Seen That Somewhere Before?
Considering the value of global analogs when characterizing passive continental margins.
This article first appeared as the lead story in Vol. 13. No. 4 of our magazine. To subscribe to the magazine please use the menu at the top of this page. Understanding the nature of continent-ocean transition zones along continental margins and classifying them is key to building robust plate models. Together these can lead to a better understanding of the evolution of sedimentary basins and depositional systems along continental margins.
One tool to help illustrate margin structure is to look at analog geophysical signatures of ‘typical’ margin types. In this article we investigate the character of the continent-ocean transition zone in potential field data at a number of Atlantic passive margins. We also consider whether common elements are observed in equivalent environments.
Margin types are classified in general terms as magma-rich or magma-poor (see 'Terminology Explained: Margin Classification', below); in reality, a spectrum of variations exists between these end-members. Nevertheless, with appropriate independent support, analog examples can significantly support this classification.
Internally consistent global gravity and magnetic datasets are highly valuable tools to evaluate the character of passive continental margins. To look at continental margin classification on a broad scale and to allow a sufficient pool of comparison material requires excellent, internally consistent data coverage. The gravity and magnetic datasets developed at Getech enable the problem to be addressed in a truly global perspective. The company’s continental margins’ gravity data are derived from the latest,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.368118
Retrieved Text: All text and image documents on this website are protected by German copyright law and national and international conventions, agreements and laws. These may not be stored, copied or distributed without prior written consent by MAGMA Gießereitechnologie GmbH. Data and files offered for download are personalized and may not be copied or distributed. Failure to comply may constitute a criminal offense.
All names, labels, logos and products mentioned on the MAGMA website belong to their respective owners and are used here with the express permission of the owner.
All third-party contributions are marked as such. The reproduction, modification, distribution and any kind of usage requires the written consent of the respective author or creator.
MAGMASOFT®, MAGMA5, MAGMA C+M, MAGMA CC are products of MAGMA Gießereitechnologie GmbH, Aachen, Germany.
MAGMA and MAGMASOFT® are registered trademarks of MAGMA Gießereitechnologie GmbH.
© Copyright 2017, MAGMA Gießereitechnologie GmbH, Aachen, Germany. All Rights Reserved.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.29934
Retrieved Text: Gas exsolution and segregation are fundamental controls on eruption dynamics and magma genesis. Basaltic magma loses gas relatively easily because of its low viscosity. However, bubbles grown by decompression and diffusion during magma ascent are too small to segregate. Coalescence, however, can create bubbles big enough for gas to escape from the rising basalt magma. In evolved magmas, such as andesite and rhyolite, high viscosity prevents bubbles rising independently through the magma. The original gas content of magma erupted as lava is commonly the same as that erupted explosively, so that a gas separation mechanism is required. A permeable magma foam can form to allow gas escape once bubbles become interconnected. Magma permeabilities can be much higher than wall-rock permeabilities, and so vertical gas loss can be an important escape path, in addition to gas loss through the conduit walls. This inference is consistent with observations from the Soufrière Hills Volcano, Montserrat, where gas escapes directly from the dome, and particularly along shear zones (faults) related to the conduit wall. Dynamical models of magma ascent have been developed which incorporate gas escape. The magma ascent rate is sensitive to gas escape, as the volume proportion of gas affects density, magma compressibility and rheology, resulting in both horizontal and vertical pressure gradients in the magma column to allow gas escape. Slight changes in gas loss can make the difference between explosive and effusive eruption, and multiple steady-state flow states can exist. In certain circumstances, there can be abrupt jumps between effusive and explosive activity. Overpressures develop in

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.236828
Retrieved Text: All available releases of Magma are accessible with a "one-click" install from SqueakMap. Open a Catalog Browser, type "magma" in the search bar. Magma appears with , you should see the four Magma configurations.
The "tests" package requires the "server" package, which requires the "client" package. There are three levels of Magma installation; "client only", "client + server", and "client + server + tests".
client allows connection to a remote Magma repository.
client+server adds ability to connect to local Magma repositories, as well as creating and hosting a Magma repository as a server.
client+server+tests adds the test-suite, which is used to ensure Magma is functioning properly.
Each of the above are fixed-configurations which load specific-releases of MC package-versions, which are known to work together.
For brevity, the names of the releases in the SqueakMap Catalog list is simply, "client", "server", and "tests". Most people will install "server", which automatically installs the client as well (client + server).
Here is the full package hierarchy.
There is also a head release, which simply merges the latest versions of all code packages ("client+server+tests"). This is used by developers wishing to keep-up with the latest Magma fixes and enhancements.
The head version is not guaranteed to be stable or compatible with any particular Squeak release but it is typically with the latest trunk version of Squeak, which is analagous to a head release Squeak.
In any case, for any system, running tests should be used to determine whether the system is functioning correctly.
Magma runs on Squeak on all known VM's. The Cog VM affords a significant performance boost over the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.108385
Retrieved Text: 2. Minerals – an Introduction 14 2.1 Definition of a mineral 14 2.1.1 Polymorphs 15 2.2 Properties of minerals 15 2.2.1 Crystal form, growth habit and twinning 16 2.2.2 Cleavage and fracture 18 2.2.3 Lustre 18 2.2.4 Colour 18 2.2.5 Streak 19 2.2.6 Hardness 19 2.2.7 Tenacity 20 2.2.8 Density 20 2.2.9 Other properties 20 what‘s missing in this equation?
Are you about to graduate as an engineer or geoscientist? Or have you already graduated? If so, there may be an exciting future for you with A.P. Moller - Maersk.
It all starts at Boot Camp. It’s 48 hours that will stimulate your mind and enhance your career prospects. You’l spend time with other students, top Accenture Consultants and special guests. An inspirational two days packed with intellectual challenges and activities designed to let you discover what it really means to be a high performer in business. We can’t tell you everything about Boot Camp, but expect a fast-paced, exhilarating and intense learning experience. It could be your toughest test yet, which is exactly what will make it your biggest opportunity.
Find out more and apply online.
Choose Accenture for a career where the variety of opportunities and challenges allows you to make a difference every day. A place where you can develop your potential and grow professionally, working alongside talented colleagues. The only place where you can learn from our unrivalled experience, while helping our global clients achieve high performance. If this is your idea of a typical working day, then Accenture is the place to be.
Turning a challenge

================



======= Instance Index 15 =========
Input Text: Dew is formed when what condenses?

Which is the correct answer?
- carbon dioxide
- warm air
- H2O haze
- oxygen

Target Text: H2O haze

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 33.206554
Retrieved Text: What is it and How is the fog formed | Types of fog? How does fog occur?
Fog, also known as the mist is a meteorological phenomenon that consists of the formation of very low clouds, in contact with the ground or at low altitude.
These clouds are formed by innumerable drops of water so tiny that they can remain in suspension. Fog is formed by evaporation of moisture from the soil.
The fog deals with the condensation of the humidity of the air but still in suspension, in the form of drops of water.
This causes the rise of moist air, which, upon coming in contact with cold air currents, condenses it, resulting in the appearance of these low clouds.
For this reason, the fog produces a considerable sensation of cold and humidity and sometimes gets wet.
It is another of the phenomena produced by the condensation of atmospheric water vapor. In fact, it is a cloud so low it touches the ground.
Both the fog and the cloud consist of a set of droplets scattered in the air. The differences between the two formations are the altitude at which each originates, and that the clouds contain ice crystals.
The fog, therefore, is constituted by droplets of water so microscopic that they float in the air, reducing the visibility so much more together they are thicker is the same.
The fog is formed by cooling the air that is in contact with the earth or the sea.
Like clouds, a mass of warm, moist air is cooled to reach the dew point, ie at the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 29.841225
Retrieved Text: When you wake up in the morning, you've seen dew on the grass. But, what is it? When a surface loses heat and gets cooler, moisture in the air condenses faster than it can evaporate. This makes little dewdrops of water form on surfaces like grass. Some people playfully think dew is the water source fairies drink from.
In the Jewish Torah, it's said that "Every blade of grass has an angel that bends over it and whispers, 'Grow, grow'." Sometimes it's comforting that even basic things like dewdrops on the grass in the morning have excited our imaginations so much that they've made their way into our folklore or religious traditions. Find purple love grass in our plant nursery.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 27.601343
Retrieved Text: UA Series refrigerated air dryers use refrigerant to lower the temperature of compressed air, therefore lowering its dew point. As the air temperature and dew point drop, the moisture condenses into a liquid and is separated from your compressed air and drained away. The end result is cool, clean, dry compressed air ready to work for you and not damage your pneumatic equipment.
This means better field reliability, simpler system, less potential for problems or degradation.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 27.447256
Retrieved Text: Through tank or heat exchange surface modifications, condensing water heaters extract more sensible heat from the combustion gas, lowering the temperature enough to cause moisture to condense out of the combustion gases, thus capturing a significant portion of the latent heat energy.
This is because the dew point of flue gas is about 140 degrees F for natural gas, so in systems where the return water temperature is higher than 140 degrees F, conditions are too warm to allow the flue gas to condense.
Is a high-efficiency boiler right for your facility?
When warm water vapor in the air comes into contact with cool surfaces like glass lenses and windows, the moist air often condenses into liquid droplets on the surface.
In recycling architectural fragments, Pernice condenses the grimy reality of mass transit into forms that quote its structures.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 25.983679
Retrieved Text: What causes the formation of fog, and what makes it go away again?
Heathrow airport is fog bound and 350 flights have been cancelled today. But why have we suddenly got problems with fog, where did it come from, and what makes it go away again?
Re: What causes the formation of fog, and what makes it go away again?
I cannot believe this hasn't been answered you! It is so easy. When the teperature of the air drops to the dewpoint dew, then fog starts forming. Probably a front or an upper-level wind has blow a lot of water vapor into the London area, scrweing up your flight schedule.
The two things will clear it up are a drop in atmospheric water vapor or a rise in temperature. The last is why a fog "burns off."
We all know it's really Fog Fairies !!
No, it is Phineas Phogg who causes the mayhem or mayher.
Thanks Jim, but your reply doesn't really answer the question. Instead it merely restates the issue in terms of the "dew point". What is going on at the "dew point", and what defines it?
The dew point is defined as the temperature at which the water vapor (water in a gaseous state) in the air condenses into a solid, the pressure being constant.
All of this has to do with the atmosphere and nothing messes with mother nature.
Just moving some old posts, and came accross this.
Fog, do you know that there is more than one type of fog?
This occurs when warm moist air is carried over a surface which

########
Rank: 5
Score: 25.62559
Retrieved Text: 2 What is a dew point?
The core functionality of the Ersa library is all about calculating the dew point from temperature and humidity data. The dew point is used to assess environmental risks, like mold and corrosion, as well as to predict material preservation (e.g. in archives and art collections). The Ersa solution collects data from LoRa connected sensors and processes this data to provide insight into environmental conditions.
What is a dew point?
A real gas closely resembles an ideal gas above a certain temperature: its critical temperature. If we compress a gas below its critical temperature it will start to condense at a certain point. Beyond that point the pressure will not change until the gas is fully condensed into liquid. Within this range the liquid and the gas phase are at equilibrium. We speak of a saturated vapor and a corresponding saturation pressure, which is constant at constant temperature.
So the saturation pressure is volume independent and increases with temperature. When the saturation pressure of a liquid equals the surrounding air pressure, the liquid has reached its boiling point.
The air that surrounds it contains water vapor. The number of grams of water per cubic meter of air is the absolute air humidity (AH). The water contributes to the air pressure with its vapor pressure (pV). When the vapor pressure reaches the saturation pressure (pS) the air has reached its maximum absolute humidity. The maximum absolute humidity also increases with temperature.
As the saturation pressure decreases with temperature, the relative humidity increases when the air cools down. At

########
Rank: 6
Score: 25.617605
Retrieved Text: Some homeowners are perplexed when they find moisture or condensation forming on branded windows that cost thousands of dollars to purchase and install. While most homeowners blame the material on their windows, the real underlying cause could be more complicated than one might think.
Condensation occurs when water vapor in the air changes from gas to liquid and settles on various surfaces inside the home. When the temperature of a particular surface is the same or lower than the dew point of the surrounding air, condensation forms. The dew point refers to the temperature at which water vapor condenses and it depends on the relative humidity of the area.
The higher the relative humidity, the closer the dew point comes to the temperature of the air. A cold surface can have a temperature lower than the dew point and would easily form condensation once it contacts humid air. Windows are definitely cold during winter and a humid indoor air can easily cause condensation on the cold surface.
Better home building methods have resulted in leak-free homes that prevent outside air from coming inside. As warm air builds up inside the home, so does the relative humidity. People breathing, as well as other activities involving water or moisture can result to more water vapor accumulation. Old homes have leaks that allow cold air to come inside and lower the indoor humidity.
The following are practical steps to control or minimize condensation inside your home.
Monitor water vapor accumulation inside your home. Purchase a hygrometer, which can measure relative humidity.
Turn on exhaust fans

########
Rank: 7
Score: 24.909166
Retrieved Text: Definition - What does Dew Point Corrosion mean?
Dew point corrosion is corrosion damage that occurs when the air reaches a temperature at which the evaporating and condensing rate of its moisture content are the same at a constant pressure. This is experienced when the air is humid, foggy, moist, sticky and misty.
Since moisture is produced at the dew point, knowledge of this weather element helps in the selection of metals. Moisture is an important factor in corrosion types such as rusting. Additionally, the moisture can react with airborne gases like sulfur and chloride, which form acids that attack metallic surfaces, particularly in oil refineries.
Acid dew point corrosion is very common in the oil industry. The acidity is formed by flue gases which are produced in the refinery. The flue gases combine with the moisture content in the air and form a specific dew point. When the temperature reaches the dew point, the acid becomes liquid and attacks the surface of metallic materials.
Preventing dew point corrosion by moderating temperatures and pressures reduces the rate at which pipes must be replaced.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 24.524616
Retrieved Text: Home » Tell Me Why Numerous Questions and Answers » When and Where Does Frost Form?
When and Where Does Frost Form?
Frost comes from the atmosphere when the temperature falls below freezing, and invisible water vapor in the air turns into white ice crystals, without first becoming a liquid. It usually occurs when the skies are clear, when there is no wind and when a mass of cold air descends on the land. This often happens during the night in the spring and autumn of areas with temperate climates.
In the morning the fields and roofs are white with what would be dew if the temperature had been above freezing point. It is the most common type of frost and is often called hoar frost. Sometimes only the leaves of plants are fringed with white rime. This is formed when very small droplets of the moisture from fog have frozen on coming into contact with a cold object.
There is also black frost. This occurs when water vapor turns first into liquid and then freezes into a thin layer of ice instead of white crystals. As it is invisible, it is particularly dangerous when it forms on roads. The beautiful patterns, looking like trees, ferns or feathers, which are sometimes seen on windows, are made when the water vapor in a cold room condenses.
If a solid surface is chilled below the dew point of the surrounding humid air and the surface itself is colder than freezing, ice will form on it. If the water deposits as a liquid that

########
Rank: 9
Score: 24.324286
Retrieved Text: Humidity and condensation can compromise building occupants' health and comfort, damage interior finishes, and raise heating costs.
The RDPU-CPC (condensation prevention controller) is specially designed for cellars, wine cellars, museums, food production and storage facilities where condensation needs to be prevented.
What is condensation and which parameters are important?
Condensation describes when a gas condenses back into a liquid and is more often used when referring to water vapour condensing back into liquid water. Water condensation usually happens when water vapour cools and appears as droplets on a surface or appears as clouds or water droplets in the sky.
The ratio of water vapour in the air to the maximum amount of water vapour the air can hold at a particular temperature is expressed as relative humidity (rH). For example, rH of 30% means that the air contains 30% of the moisture it can possibly hold at that particular temperature. When air can hold no more moisture at a given temperature (i.e. the rH is 100%), the air is said to be saturated.
The dew point is the temperature to which air must be cooled to become saturated with water vapour. When further cooled, the airborne water vapour will condense to form liquid water (dew). When air cools to its dew point through contact with a surface that is colder than the air, water will condense on the surface. The measurement of the dew point is related to humidity. A higher dew point means there will be more moisture in the air.
As air temperature increases, its capacity to hold moisture also

########
Rank: 10
Score: 23.805225
Retrieved Text: How to Choose a Commercial dehumidifier for Restoration work?
Help you choose the best Restoration and commercial dehumidifier for your job, As an essential part, Dehumidifiers plays an important role in water damage restoration jobs. Whether it is a flash flood, hurricane, heavy rain or water main break, it is especially important to offer the balanced drying system needed to safely and effectively perform a water restoration job on a property.
When you are choosing a dehumidifier, the first thing you need to figure out is what's the size of the place you need to dehumidify and what's the right capacity you need to choose.
SLGR microchannel technology has improved the performance and efficiency, The ALORAIR SLGR technology uses a special air-to-air heat exchanger system to help bring the air closer to dew point temperature before it passes over the super-cooled evaporator coils,besides with the combination of Microchannel Alu Condenser.
What is the LGR dehumidifier?
The conventional dehumidifiers are designed for most water-damage remediation projects, A feature same as LGR dehumidifier they can easily be transported from job to job and loaded and unloaded from a vehicle. the conventional dehumidifier draws moisture-laden air across a set of super-cooled coils. As the air passes over, its temperature drops below dew point and water condenses on the cold coils. The dry air is reheated and exhausted to the room to collect more moisture.
You will be learning water damage restorations tips, drying crawl space and basement tips and more about dehumidifier applications.
If you are interested in becoming an Authorized AlorAir distributors! For inquiries around

########
Rank: 11
Score: 23.771908
Retrieved Text: The dew point temperature is the temperature where the water content in the air condenses into water.
The volume of the water in a pipe system will vary depending upon its temperature. An expansion tank is used to ensure the absorption of excessive volumes of water.
Differential pressure regulators are built into the system where a constant differential pressure is desired.
A direct system is a heating system where the heat emitters are directly connected to a boiler or district heating system.
A discharge de-superheater can be used in a cooling plant to produce domestic hot water.
Discharge flow is the assumed flow from discharge units.
The dosing pump belongs to the positive displacement pump family and is typically a diaphragm pump.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 23.735628
Retrieved Text: The Dry Bulb, Wet Bulb and Dew Point temperatures are important to determine the state of humid air. The knowledge of only two of these values is enough to determine the state of the moist air - including the content of water vapor and the sensible and latent energy (enthalpy) in the air.
The Dry Bulb temperature, usually referred to as "air temperature", is the air property that is most commonly used. When people refer to the temperature of the air they are normally referring to the dry bulb temperature.
The Dry Bulb Temperature refers basically to the ambient air temperature. It is called "Dry Bulb" because the air temperature is indicated by a thermometer not affected by the moisture of the air.
Dry-bulb temperature - Tdb, can be measured using a normal thermometer freely exposed to the air but shielded from radiation and moisture. The temperature is usually given in degrees Celsius (oC) or degrees Fahrenheit (oF). The SI unit is Kelvin (K). Zero Kelvin equals to -273oC.
The dry-bulb temperature is an indicator of heat content and is shown along the bottom axis of the psychrometric chart or along the left side of the Mollier diagram. Constant dry bulb temperatures appear as vertical lines in the psychrometric chart or horizontal lines in the Mollier diagram.
The Wet Bulb temperature is the adiabatic saturation temperature.
Wet Bulb temperature can be measured by using a thermometer with the bulb wrapped in wet muslin. The adiabatic evaporation of water from the thermometer bulb and the cooling effect is indicated by a "wet bulb

########
Rank: 13
Score: 23.320623
Retrieved Text: Ever wonder about those lines in the sky?
Contrails (short for condensation trails) are line-shaped clouds sometimes observed behind airplanes flying in the clear cold humid air. They are composed primarily of water, in the form of ice crystals.
Contrails are formed when water vapor condenses and freezes around small particles (aerosols) that exist in the aeroplane exhaust.
All contrails are formed in the same way, but exist for different lengths of time (lifespan). Contrails can be divided into... short-lived, persistent (non-spreading), and persistent spreading.
Depending on the temperature and humidity, they may be visible for only a few seconds or minutes, or may last for hours.
Excellent shot with a great narrative too!
What a great image and narrative!
fun to play. fun to learn.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 23.30563
Retrieved Text: Nordic Dry International – We Dry Best!
Whenever a container is moved between temperature zones, there will be changes in Relative Humidity. This is because warm air holds more water than cold air. If the temperature drops below the dew point, water condenses, and this is where there is a potential for damage to products. However, it is only the water in the air that causes problems.
Nordic Dry has been verified to be 100% Non-Toxic by the ALS Laboratoy Service and specifically free of Acrylamide, which can be prevalent in some starch based desiccants. Nordic is approved for use in all transportation of food and agricultural products.
Contact us today, our local offices answer all business related questions. Or fill out the form below and we will get back to you as soon as we can.
Each container of my cargo of peanuts / coffee / cocoa contains tons moisture. What difference does it make if Nordic Dry absorbs a few liters moisture during a voyage?
Using Nordic Dry will ensure minimizing damage claims, while maximizing profits. As an added benefits, you will be helping to protect the environment.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 23.215965
Retrieved Text: The gas - vapor mixture of greatest practical importance is the air - water system1. The thermodynamic behavior of this mixture affects the weather and engineered devices such as air conditioners. In these applications, air can be treated as an inert ideal gas.
1 Reference 1 (p. 252) gives a short discussion of gas-vapor mixtures.
The onset of liquid water condensation is illustrated in the p-T diagram of Fig. 5.3. The unsaturated air in state 1 has a relative humidity given by pw/psat,w(T1), where pw is specified. psat,w(T1) is located at point 1' on the liquid-vapor co-existence curve. When this gas is cooled at constant total pressure, both pw and pa remain constant until the saturation curve at state 2 is reached. The temperature at state 2 is the dew point given by Eq (5.14). Upon further cooling from state 2 to state 3, water condenses from the gas, pw (now equal to psat,w) decreases as determined by Eq (5.13), and pa increases to keep the total pressure constant. The following example illustrates this process in detail.
Example: Unsaturated air is cooled from state 1 to state 3 in a piston/cylinder container maintained at a constant pressure of 1 atm.
(c) heat removed from the container per mole of air during cooling from state 1 to state 2 and from state 2 to state 3.
(a) The saturation pressure associated with the air temperature of state 1 is on the liquid-vapor curve in Fig. 5.3 (point 1') directly above point 1. As calculated from Eq (5.13) for Ti = 35.2oC (308.2

########
Rank: 16
Score: 23.185326
Retrieved Text: Last Thursday, I had the opportunity to try the coffee at Brunswick House. The old building which houses this cafe/restaurant sits on the corner of a major junction two minutes walk from Vauxhall tube station and feels somewhat out of place with the buildings around it. Inside, the incongruity continues with quirky decor and bookcases stacked with all manner of titles. Coffee beans are supplied by the roasters Coleman Coffee. As it was a lunchtime, I had a very enjoyable cortado (an espresso “cut” with steamed milk in a ratio of 1:1 – 1:2) which was full of flavour but not too bitter. With friendly staff and a spacious interior, this is definitely a place to return to whenever I am next in the Vauxhall area.
However, The Daily Grind is not so much interested purely in the coffee as in the connections between what we can observe in the coffee cup and the physics of the wider world. At Brunswick House, this came in the form of the link between one way in which we know that space is cold and a seemingly mundane observation, the condensation of water onto cold surfaces. Lifting my glass to appreciate the cortado, I noticed a number of water droplets on the (cold) saucer underneath the (hot) cup. As I kept the cup on the saucer, the saucer became warmer and the water droplets evaporated. By the time I finished my coffee, the saucer was dry. We can observe a similar phenomenon on the inside rim of a cup of

########
Rank: 17
Score: 23.106956
Retrieved Text: The Dri-Eaz Evolution LGR dehumidifier is the only low grain refrigerant dehumidifier that is designed specifically for the trained professional. Dri-Eaz combined the best drying technology with the most functional, user friendly features. We recommend using one of our carpet drying fans or one of our axial flood fans for increased movement of air, and quicker drying.
A low grain refrigerant (LGR) commercial dehumidifier operates on the principle of dew point. Moisture-laden air is drawn across super-cooled coils. When the temperature of the air drops below the dew point, the water vapor condenses out of the air onto the cold coils. The air, now drier is reheated and exhausted to the room to collect more moisture.
This Dri-Eaz LGR Evolution dehumidifier pulls an industry low of 5 amps, which means you can plug up to 3 dehumidifiers into the same 15 amp electrical circuit, and not have to worry about blowing the breaker. An intelligent pump cycles every 6 minutes to reduce the chance of leaks or spills. The 40' quick disconnect drain hose allows you to drain the recovered water into any floor drain, toilet, or sink.
Low grain refrigerant system removes up to 18 gallons a day of liquid, under optimum conditions.
Compact, portable unit weighs only 92 pounds for easy one person transport.
Draws only 5 amps, so multiple units can be plugged into the same circuit.
Built -in ring for easy attachment of any type of ducting.
The High Airflow Filter (HAF) captures more particles than a traditional foam filter.
UL & C-UL listed to meet standard safety regulations.
This is

########
Rank: 18
Score: 22.888544
Retrieved Text: The cycle of evaporation and condensation that controls the distribution of the earth’s water as it evaporates from bodies of water, condenses, precipitates, and returns to those bodies of water. Also called hydrologic cycle.
The lowest temperature that can be obtained by evaporating water into the air at constant pressure. The name comes from the technique of putting a wet cloth over the bulb of a mercury thermometer and then blowing air over the cloth until the water evaporates. Since evaporation takes up heat, the thermometer will cool to a lower temperature than a thermometer with a dry bulb at the same time and place. Wet bulb temperatures can be used along with the dry bulb temperature to calculate dew point or relative humidity.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 22.731804
Retrieved Text: Universal Analyzers offers a simple solution for most applications utilizing our 600 or 3000 Series Sample Conditioning Plates and U-Brackets. The 600 or 3000 Series Cooler uses Peltier Elements to Thermo Electrically reduce the dew point of a gas sample which rapidly condenses and removes the water, providing a dry sample for the gas analyzers.
The SCP and SCU thermoelectric sample systems are designed with an incorporated peristaltic pump for condensate removal.
For acid aerosol applications, Universal Analyzers Model 1095E utilizes our proven multi-stage cooling technique to provide a minus 30°C dew point conditioned sample that is free of corrosive Acid Aerosol Mists. The Model 1095E was designed to protect your analyzer from Acid Aerosol Mists, have user friendly operation with a menu driven touchscreen, and to decrease maintenance time.
Universal Analyzers offers a simple solution for most applications utilizing our 600 Series Sample Conditioning Plate.
Universal Analyzers offers a simple solution for most applications utilizing our 600 Series Sample Conditioning Coolers on a U-Bracket.
Universal Analyzers offers a simple solution for most applications utilizing our 3000 Series Sample Conditioning Plate.
Universal Analyzers offers a simple solution for most applications utilizing our 3000 Series Sample Conditioning Coolers on a U-Bracket.
Universal Analyzers Inc. offers a 19" rack mount process gas sample conditioning system designed to be integrated with a data logger or PLC controlled stand alone unit.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 22.079956
Retrieved Text: Home » Science Notes Posts » How Stuff Works » Why Do You See Your Breath When It’s Cold?
When it’s cold outside, you can see your breath because water vapor condenses into fog.
If you’re outside on a cold winter day or even if you breathe into the freezer, sometimes you can see your breath. Yet, sometimes it’s not all that chilly and see you puffs of vapor, while other times it’s downright frigid and you don’t see anything at all. What’s going on?
Exhaled air contains a lot of water. When you breathe into cold air, the water vapor condenses to form tiny water droplets and ice particles. Basically you look like a fire-breathing dragon because the outside air can’t absorb the extra humidity.
You can feel there is a lot of water in exhaled air if you breathe into your hand a few times. The surface of your skin will get slick with moisture. When it’s cold outside, air can’t hold very much moisture. This is why 100% humidity in the winter feels dry, yet 100% humidity in the summer feels like you’re practically soaking in water.
When you exhale into saturated cold air, the extra water from your lungs can’t be absorbed by the surrounding air, so it condenses into tiny water droplets or ice particles (depending on the temperature), forming a cloud you can see.
Even if it’s cold, if the air is dry, you may not be able to see your breath. You may be able to predict whether or not you can see a cloud

########
Rank: 21
Score: 21.98103
Retrieved Text: Have you ever looked at your window and noticed condensation? Were you alarmed this was a problem with your windows? Then you might be happy to hear windows do not cause condensation.
Under certain conditions, condensation can occur both inside and outside your home but windows do not cause condensation. The source of Condensation, or “sweating “on windows and mirrors inside a home is caused by humidity, or invisible water vapor, present in virtually all air. When this water vapor comes in contact with a surface, which is at a temperature below what is called the “dew point,” the vapor turns to visible droplets of liquid, or condenses on the cooler surface. This often happens to bathroom mirrors and walls after someone has taken a hot shower. Condensation can also occur on windows during the winter if the inside humidity level is high enough. When it comes to condensation outside your home, it is simply a fact of nature. Exposed to certain conditions, like a clear night sky, still air or high relative humidity, the exterior surface of the glass can radiate heat away from your home and into the night air, allowing the glass temperature to fall below the dew point of the ambient air—creating condensation. Only when the glass temperature rises above the dew point will the condensation evaporate back into the air. Common examples of this are when dew forms on grass, car hoods and roofs and in common summertime conditions, with hot, humid air on the outside and colder, conditioned air on the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 21.890995
Retrieved Text: Storm passed through here last night, nothing much really came from it. Spotty thunderstorms at best, but there for sure was potential for more than what we received. This clumpy clouds contribution photo from swc was taken from his back yard as the storm was rolling through the Twin Cities.
Clouds generally have flat bottoms because the layer or boundary at which water condenses in the atmosphere is usually smooth and uniform. However, if this boundary is turbulent and mixed the cloud layer reflects this in its shape. Here well-rounded Mammatus clouds have formed on the outskirts of a thundercloud. Should these types of clouds be illuminated when the sun is low in sky, as they are here, the bias relief and colors of the clouds can be striking. Be weary of the of the weather if these clouds are seen in the sky.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 21.866814
Retrieved Text: What’s the Difference Between First Frost and First Freeze?
During the hot, muggy days of August when the relative humidity is 100% by ten AM, digging fence post holes can get hot. The air is saturated with moisture, so cooling from the evaporation of our perspiration doesn’t take place. The air can’t absorb any more H20. Regardless of how much we sweat we feel the heat. We take more water breaks.
As the air temperature goes down with the coming of dusk, the air can’t hold as much moisture, so the excess moisture condenses. In the morning we see it as fog or dew. There’s fog along creeks because it’s generally cooler there but the humidity is often higher.
Now it’s October. The temperature is lower but there’s still humidity so the same thing happens, but if the thermometer drops far enough we see frozen dew. We call that “frost”. There are two things to remember about temperature. One is that we generally read it several feet above the ground. Because cold air is heavier it sinks so our garden may be freezing at ground level while the thermometer is still ”officially” reading higher than 32 degrees. Secondly, not all surfaces in an area will have the same temperature. A metal car roof radiates heat rapidly so it’s temperature drops more rapidly than the surface of a black-topped parking lot that has absorbed lots of calories from the sun during the day. Frost could form on the car top before the blacktop. Or before your plants. By the way,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 21.843018
Retrieved Text: By Cross M.E., Plunkett E.V.E.
In 1943, Albert Schatz, a tender Rutgers collage Ph. D. pupil, labored on a wartime venture in microbiology professor Selman Waksman’s lab, trying to find an antibiotic to struggle infections at the entrance traces and at domestic. In his 11th test on a typical bacterium present in farmyard soil, Schatz came across streptomycin, the 1st potent therapy for tuberculosis, one of many world’s deadliest ailments.
As director of Schatz’s study, Waksman took credits for the invention, belittled Schatz’s paintings, and secretly enriched himself with royalties from the streptomycin patent filed by means of the pharmaceutical corporation Merck. In an unparalleled lawsuit, younger Schatz sued Waksman, and used to be provided the name of “co-discoverer” and a proportion of the royalties. yet years later, Professor Waksman on my own used to be presented the Nobel Prize. Schatz disappeared into educational obscurity.
For the 1st time, acclaimed writer and journalist Peter Pringle unravels the intrigues at the back of some of the most vital discoveries within the historical past of medication. the tale unfolds on a tiny university campus in New Jersey, yet its repercussions unfold around the globe. The streptomycin patent used to be a leap forward for the drug businesses, overturning patent limits on items of nature and paving the best way for today’s biotech international. As dozens extra antibiotics have been stumbled on, many from a similar relatives as streptomycin, the drug businesses created oligopolies and reaped substantial gains. Pringle makes use of firsthand bills and records within the usa and Europe to

########
Rank: 25
Score: 21.627247
Retrieved Text: Get hands on with dew and condensation.
This kit help students understand how dew and frost are formed. They will also understand concepts of condensation, dew point, evaporation, humidity, and sublimation. Making Dew classroom pack contains materials for 15 pairs of students.
Ordering information: Includes 15 metal cans, 15 metal backed thermometers, and a Teacher's Guide.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 21.60382
Retrieved Text: The Deck Purge Box (G-107) in combination with a self-sealing purge port and pressure proof cap is an innovative solution to remove moisture from deep sea housings, both spheres and cylinders.
The integrated system of the Deck Purge Box (DPB) creates a vacuum inside the deep sea housing. That same vacuum is used to draw air back into the sphere, forced to pass through a drying desiccant cartridge. After a few cycles, the interior air is dry below any dew point possible in the cold ocean depths, making certain all electronics or cameras will not have condensation on them. After the purging process, the operator removes the purge fitting from the self-sealing purge port, and a center check valve automatically seals. The center check valve prevents the interior vacuum from drawing any air-laden debris across the greased o-ring seal surface, eliminating a potential source of seal failure, while the dry interior air created by the DPB is isolated from the ambient moist air of the ship. The operator has time to carefully clean, inspect and install the pressure cap on the self-sealing purge port. The guys in the field will love this.
The principle behind the DPB is simple. An instrument housing closed on-board a ship traps moist sea air inside. When that housing descends into a colder sea, the temperature inside can drop below the “dew point”, where the air no longer holds all of the original water vapor. Fog fills the sphere, and water condenses on everything. Loose desiccant packs are passive, and cannot react fast

########
Rank: 27
Score: 21.595861
Retrieved Text: Average Temperature Calculator Tool to calculate average daily maximum, daily minimum and daily average temperature from period specified by user and compared to past years and climatological averages.
Cooling Degree Day A from of degree day used in estimating the amount of energy necessary to reduce the effective temperature of warm air. Computed by subtracting 72 oF from the specified day's average temperature.
Cooling Degree Day Calculator Tool used to calculate the number of cooling degree days for a period specified by user and compared to previous years and climatological averages.
Degree Day Difference between the mean temperature of a particular day and a pre-determined reference temperature (60 oF).
Heating Degree Calculator Tool used to calculate number of heating degree days for period specified by user and compared to previous years and climaltological average.
Minimum Temperature Estimator The dewpoint is the temperature at which water vapor condenses as dew on grass, the roof top of cars or leaves on a tree. The dewpoint has an effect on the amount and rate of heat lost to the atmosphere, especially noticeable in cold weather. Knowing the dewpoint can give growers a rough estimate of minimum temperature. During a radiation frost, when the dewpoint is reached, the latent heat released as water vapor condenses into water and slows the rate of temperature drop significantly.
Growers can estimate the minimum temperature at their location on a cold night by using the air temperature and dewpoint at sunset. The Brunt equation uses this method. The grower should use the sunset temperature directly in his grove as air

########
Rank: 28
Score: 21.584246
Retrieved Text: Summary:When the air becomes saturated with water vapor and the temperature drops below a certain point, condensation will form. But, what is that point?
I still remember a lab experiment I did in eighth grade science class. To demonstrate the concept of dew point, we each paired up and were given a stainless steel cup, some water, some ice, a thermometer, and a small spoon. While one of us added tiny bits of ice to the water in the cup, the other recorded the temperature. This continued until moisture formed on the outside of the cup at which point – voila! – dew point!
Interesting enough, but I have to admit, apart from the fun-factor of it all the actual point of the experiment was kind of wasted on my 13 year old brain. But these late spring storms have had me thinking more and more about rain, condensation, humidity, and of course, dew point.
Most of us associate dew with the moisture we encounter on our cars or lawns on early spring mornings. This forms in exactly the same manner that it did in the stainless steel cup experiment of yore, but how does that translate into real-life meteorology for you and me? Clearly, my geeky little brain had some research to do.
Technically speaking, the glossary of the American Meteorological Association defines dew point (also known as “dewpoint temperature”) as “The temperature to which a given air parcel must be cooled at constant pressure and constant water vapor content in order for saturation to occur. When this temperature

########
Rank: 29
Score: 21.555624
Retrieved Text: Snowflake. Light micrograph of a dendritic sectored plate snowflake. Snowflakes are symmetrical ice crystals that form inside clouds when water vapour condenses directly into ice. The exact shape of each snowflake depends on local climatic conditions within the precise area of the cloud where it is formed. As such, no two snowflakes are identical, with each individual pattern emerging as the crystal grows. Sectored plates are a form of stellar plate snowflake with distinctive ridges that point to the corners between adjacent prism facets. Stellar plates are a common form of snowflake that form thin, plate-like crystals with six broad arms forming a star-like shape.

================



======= Instance Index 16 =========
Input Text: The Earth revolving around the sun can cause

Which is the correct answer?
- constellations to appear in one place in spring and another in fall
- the stars to rotate diagonally in the sky
- earth's axis to be widened
- stars to fade as winter approaches

Target Text: constellations to appear in one place in spring and another in fall

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 31.008867
Retrieved Text: We know due to Doppler’s effect we see a red-shift in color of a star moving away from us.
Now consider a star that has only one planet revolving around it. As the planet revolves, it also moves the sun under influence of it gravity. Though very small effect, it does cause the star to wobble a bit in its position.
Modern day astronomy has become so accurate, that we can measure the minute difference in red-shift that can be caused by this wobbling. To the extent that we can measure the red-shift effect even in a walking star (walking speed is 4-5 km/hr).
And this is what astronomers are using to find stars that have planets.
Binary stars are a pair of stars revolving around each other. Now, a star that has a binary star will also wobble.
So, how do we know that a wobble is due to a plant and not a star? Simple, use method called trans. Watch the light carefully. If a binary star is so aligned that when revolving, it will pass between the star and us, the intensity of light of the star increases. But if a planet passes in front of it, the intensity drops. However small the drop is, the accurate observation detects that drop and identifies that as a planet.
We know that sun has solar flares. So might an others star? So, how do we know that the drop in intensity is not due to a flare at lower temperature (and hence less bright than the star surface). Simple, solar flares

########
Rank: 1
Score: 29.388178
Retrieved Text: Mention any two differences between natural and artificial satellites.
How is the tail of a comet formed?
Venus is hotter than mercury, though it is farther away from Sun. Why?
Define light year. What is the relation between light year and kilometers?
Give any two points of difference between comets and meteors.
Do all the stars in the sky move ? Explain.
Draw sketches to show the relative positions of prominent stars in (i) Ursa Major and (ii) Orion in a diagram.
Name a winter constellation which looks like a distorted W. Where is it visible?
What is the cause of seasons on the earth?
Differentiate between equator plane and orbital plane of the earth.
Name the red planet. How many moons does it have?
Name the planet which has rings around it. Give one main characteristic of this planet.
Give two main characteristics of Uranus.
Name the terrestrial planets. Why are they called by this name?
Name the planet that is known to have largest number of natural satellites.
Draw a labelled diagram to show the position of the Earth in its orbit when the length of the day is longest in the Northern Hemisphere.
Name the planets which were discovered only after the invention of telescopes.
What is universe? Name two different kinds of heavenly bodies found in the universe.
Differentiate between meteors and stars.
What is the source of energy in the Sun?
(i) A celestial body revolving around a planet is called a natural satellite.
(ii) It cannot be used in any way. (i) A man-made satellite revolving around the Earth is called an artificial satellite.
(ii) It can be used for tele-communication and

########
Rank: 2
Score: 28.749538
Retrieved Text: Kentucky Standards. The Earth is simultaneously spinning on its axis(rotation) and revolving around the sun. As viewed from space, the Earth rotates counter-clockwise. This is called prograde rotation.
SC-7-EU-U-3. Program of Studies: Understandings - Students will understand that gravitational interactions within the Earth, sun and moon system impact phenomena and organisms on the surface of the Earth.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 28.61583
Retrieved Text: In this lesson you will learn more things about our planet: the Earth.
ACTIVITY 1: EXPERIMENT. Which is the structure of the Earth?
First of all, you will discover that the Earth is made of layers, somewhat similar to a hard-boiled egg.
Begin by peeling the shell of the egg off. Answer the following question before continuing to dissect the egg.
What is the outer layer of the Earth called? ___________________________________.
The next layer of the egg is the white part. It is the middle layer. You will cut through this layer until you reach the yellow portion.
The only remaining portion of the egg is the yolk, the layer at the center of the egg.
ACTIVITY 2: BRAINSTORMING. What we know about day and night?
Look at the following pictures and describe them in pairs. The following questions may help you.
• How do we know it is day? What might we see if it is day?
• How do we know it is night? What might we see if it is night?
Then, write your facts down in a T-CHART.
ACTIVITY 3: LISTENING TASK. Listen and watch carefully the following video about rotation and revolution Earth's movements.
Then, pair up and complete the following table about what you have watched using the above statements.
- Earth takes one year and six hours to complete one orbit.
- Earth takes one day or twenty-four hours to complete one rotation.
- The Earth's revolution causes the seasons.
- The Earth's rotation causes day and night.
- The Earth has a revolution movement.
- The Earth rotates constantly and in the same direction, that’s why the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 28.156435
Retrieved Text: In the heliocentric model, Earth is just one of 8 “planets” in our “solar system,” all of which are said to be huge spherical Earth-like habitations or globular gas giants millions of miles away. They claim the Earth under our feet along with these 7 other planets all revolve concentric circles/ellipses around the Sun – hence the term “heliocentric.” The previously prevailing “geocentric” model had placed the Earth as the immovable center of the universe with the Sun, Moon, stars and “planets” all revolving around us, just as they appear. In the heliocentric model, however, which would be more appropriately titled the “Acentric” model, the Sun is only the center of our “solar system,” while itself supposedly simultaneously revolving 500,000 mph spirals around the “Milky Way galaxy” which itself is constantly shooting 670,000,000 mph away from an alleged “Big Bang” creationary explosion at the beginning of time!
Several experiments have since been performed and repeated by notable scientists like Albert Michelson, Edward Morley, George Airy, and Georges Sagnac proving that it is the stars that revolve around a stationary Earth and not the other way around. The conclusive results of their experiments are not contested or even mentioned in modern astronomy books; rather they are conveniently swept under the carpet to keep prying minds from seeing through the lies. For example, the experiment known as “Airy’s Failure” (since it failed to prove heliocentricity) involved filling a telescope with water to slow the speed of light inside. Usually telescopes must be slightly tilted to get starlight down the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.9008
Retrieved Text: No Planets!!!! No earth revolving around the sun!!!! No probe on Mars!!!! No more science-fiction!!!! No more make-believe!!!!
No Planets!!!!! No earth revolving around the sun!!!!! No probe on Mars!!!!! No more science-fiction!!!!! No more make-believe!!!!!
If the sun’s light could reach "so-called" Mars as the photos from NASA depict, then our night skies would not be dark.
If the Earth was truly spherical then when the earth would spin on its axis away from the sun, the earth's skies would still remain lit-up. Think of it in this matter, when you walk into a room lit-up by a lamp, upon facing the lamp you have the light directly before you, and if you turned your back against the lamp the light would be no longer before you but the surrounding spaces of that room would still be lit-up, same would apply for the space earth is in.
Now many come-back replies will be; “there’s nothing to reflect the sun’s light between earth and Mars to light up our night skies?” But its not the reflection of anything that manages to get the sun’s light to reach us here on Earth in the first place.
Use the room and lamp example again; there could be shiny reflective objects in the room, say a ninja sword, or an over & under shotgun above the fireplace but its not these objects reflections that are illuminating the surrounding space of the room, it’s the lamp (Sun).
Picture #3, the Mars skies are illuminated by the sun's light.
Shills celebrating, they managed to fool the World again.
Re:

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.694618
Retrieved Text: Our solar system consists of one major star, i.e. the Sun, with 8 planets revolving around it and at least 130 natural satellites of the planets along with a large number of small space bodies like comets, asteroids & meteors, revolving around these planets. According to the scientists our solar System was born about4.6 billion years ago. It was not something like the "Big Bang" and all the planets slowly evolved with time, it took billion of years to do that.
The presence of dust, gases and parts of other planets and stars formed our solar system. With the birth of the Sun, the same process created the planets revolving around it as the asteroid belts developed. The sun , the planets, the moons and other celestial bodies that move around the sun make up the solar system.
The Earth along with seven other planets move around the sun. Apart from the planets, celestial bodies like dwarf planets, asteroids, comets and meteoroids move around the sun. Some planets and other celestial bodies have moons or satellites, moving around them. Moons also moves around the Sun as the planets go around the sun.
The Asteroid Belt separates the inner planets from the outer planets.
The rocky planets are mainly made up of rock and metal. These planets are very heavy and and they move very slowly. They do not have rings and very few moons.
The gas planets are mainly made up of gases (hydrogen and helium). These planets are light for their sizes (just like a big air balloon) and move

########
Rank: 7
Score: 26.631828
Retrieved Text: I wonder why the sky is up, and why the stars abound?
And why the Sun comes up each morn, and why the Earth goes ’round?
I wonder what the Sun on Mars, would bring at dusk and dawn?
I wonder if Mars mountain crags would be a sight to hold?
I wonder if I’d dare to climb, how could I be so bold!
Forever doomed to live on Earth, and this, I wonder why?
See more of Pettit’s musings at his NASA blog.
A wonder more are not uplifted, and inspired to poetry.
Wonders of a revolving heaven, and turn of Earth, all around!
Moved in heart, by its marvels, of soaring verse in time of place.
I Wonder Why inspired this little piece.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 26.181238
Retrieved Text: What would happen to us if the Earth suddenly stopped rotating? Would we be thrown off it, or would our lives even be affected at all by the change? ScienceStruck explains exactly what will happen in this case.
The rotation of the Earth is slowing down over time, due to being tidally locked with the Moon. But the reduction is extremely slow. In the last 100 years, an average day has shortened by 1.7 milliseconds. Though that may sound scary, let me assure you that more than 2000 milliseconds may have gone in the short time in which you took a breath! So while the Earth is actually slowing down, it will take a millennium for it to slow down by even a single second!
So, all in all, this is a purely hypothetical discussion. But it's an interesting one, it must be said!
The fundamental question is why does the Earth even spin in the first place? This question is a tough cracker, and has no irrefutable answer. Earth was created in a dust cloud billions of years ago, and the only plausible answer is that it is spinning because it has no external resistance. It had been spinning when it was formed, and since nature is extremely lazy (in scientific terms, it tries to maintain inertia), the Earth had no reason to stop spinning.
If the Earth stopped by gradually slowing down and coming to a halt over billions of years, the effects wouldn't be felt as drastically, since the conditions would have adapted to the intermediate steps.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 26.148321
Retrieved Text: The Rational Helper: 26% Americans Unaware the Earth Orbits the Sun..Really??
26% Americans Unaware the Earth Orbits the Sun..Really??
I read this in my news feed this morning and thought really! 26% people of one of the so called smartest country in the world don’t know, Earth revolves around the Sun.What the hack, where the hell they spent $69.8 Billion (yes with a B) of education funding (2013).
While pondering this thought, I thought do they really need to know about where the hell is earth in the orbit and what it is revolving around? In day to day life I would say 90% of people don’t use this knowledge. I know about earth revolves around sun but in my life so far, have I applied this knowledge to benefit me or others? May be in my geography or Astronomy exams but hard to find any example when this was really used in my professional career.
I guess lots of thing we study are not used in our chosen profession but it is good to have basic understanding of various streams (science, maths, literature etc.) in early life so we can choose what interests us and make living out of it.
Back to the survey, Only 2200 people (from 313.9 million population) were surveyed which is really low to make a judgment call like this.
Not everything you learn will be useful in your later or professional life.
Initial reactions are not always correct, put your logic in to it and you might change your views.
Americans are not so dumb as this article/survey

########
Rank: 10
Score: 26.086576
Retrieved Text: Ebonized arm, round metal label, original box.
The one shown here is sold, however, frequently we have others in stock, please inquire as to availability.
Geared tellurian by Trippensee, with a terrestrial globe rotating at the end of a maple arm, and with a black-and-white painted wood representation of the moon revolving the earth, both revolving around a central brass sphere representing the sun, and with a black-and-white painted wood representation of Venus also revolving the sun. The entire assembly is mounted on a turned maple central standard, set on a round, stepped and weighted brass base, with an inset circular zodiac dial. It has the maker’s label and a small, round compass inset on the arm. When turned by hand by a metal post under the arm, the earth rotates, and the earth, moon and Venus revolve. The three-inch terrestrial globe was manufactured by Rand McNally and copyrighted 1891; oceans are colored blue, the United States pink, Canada yellow, and Mexico green, with similar coloring throughout.
The Trippensee Planetarium is a demonstration model of the movement of the earth, moon and Venus relative to each other and to the sun. It shows such phenomena as the succession of seasons, and solar and lunar eclipses. In addition to its educational objective, the tellurian is also decorative and entertaining. The original models, patented in 1908, have maple arms and central standards. Those produced around the second quarter of the 20th century have ebonized arms and central standards. Models made after World War II models are of Bakelite or plastic.
Additional Legend

########
Rank: 11
Score: 25.949276
Retrieved Text: The following is a question that came in to me recently, and I found it really interesting!
Using this type of argument for minds, it's logically possible that a unembodied mind exists. However, via induction (the only minds we know to exist has bodies) it's logically impossible for an unembodied mind to exist in THIS universe. (Just like it's logically impossible for the sun to revolve around the earth in THIS universe).
Now I know the KCA gives us 3 good reasons to think that the cause of the universe is an unembodied mind, so I think that an inductive argument fails because of that (that's the type or argument I would use to counter this). But what would you say to such an argument?"
Your last paragraph is sufficient to defeat any attempted claim such as the one above. But I would like to amend the definition of what is logically possible: a proposition or state of affairs is logically possible given that it is internally coherent (is not a self-contradiction) and does not violate a necessary truth.
Now, given the laws of physics and gravity and the like, I only see how the statement "the sun revolves around the earth" is physically impossible. For consider: the statement is still not self-contradictory, and the truth, "the laws of physics and gravity exist" has not been shown to be necessarily true (only contingently). Now let's dig further into the objection, just for fun.
Suppose one replies, "yes, but perhaps we can frame the argument this way: 'The law of nature is

########
Rank: 12
Score: 25.79081
Retrieved Text: While we have been learning about the nine planets in our solar system since childhood, of late there has been a bit of confusion about the number of planets with Pluto being knocked off the list.
Solar system is a minute component of the vast universe which was formed billions of years ago. It consists of the Sun and several celestial bodies revolving around it. These include planets (and their satellites), asteroids, meteoroids, etc. Until 2006 the number of planets in our solar system was nine, but the exclusion of Pluto has left us with only eight planets.
The Sun is the center of our solar system and has eight planets orbiting it. These include―starting from the nearest to the Sun―Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune. Initially considered a planet, Pluto was officially declared a dwarf planet by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 2006, thus bringing the number of planets down to eight. Let's have a brief look at each of these planets.
Mercury: Mercury is the smallest planet in our solar system. At 3031.670 miles, its diameter is 38 percent the diameter of the Earth. It has extreme climate with temperature ranging between −180 to 430 °C. It is located at a distance of 0.39 AU. On the basis of information sent by Mariner 10 spacecraft, scientists suspect that some volcanic activity is occurring on Mercury.
Venus: Venus is a small, rocky planet, typically characterized by a thick blanket of yellowish clouds of sulfuric acid. With a diameter of 7521.076 miles, Venus is bigger than

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.236942
Retrieved Text: The weather is just the state of the atmosphere at any time, including things such as temperature, precipitation, air pressure and cloud cover. Daily changes in the weather are due to winds and storms. Seasonal changes are due to the Earth revolving around the sun.
flood is too much water in the ‘wrong’ place!
happen at any time of the year, not just in the winter.
floods’ occur with little or no warning.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.16896
Retrieved Text: Do you want to be a hero to someone else? Don’t try to make them tell you how great you are. Instead, show them how great they are!
If Jesus loves us so much, why does he tell us we have to take up our cross and follow him? Why doesn’t he just take all the pain away?
Are You the Center of Your Own Solar System?
anything. What we end up doing is making ourselves the center of our own solar system.We make ourselves the sun and expect everyone else to live as planets revolving around us. This is not very realistic, is it? How many people are willing to allow their entire life to revolve around me and my needs? Not too many. I am certain that no one woke up this morning and prayed, “Heavenly Father, help me know what I need to do today to meet Fr. Carrozza’s needs!” It didn’t happen. Neither did anyone pray that prayer about you, and if we are expecting other people to do so, we’re going to be terribly disappointed. Furthermore, if everyone felt that way, we’d all be a bunch of suns expecting other people to be planets revolving around us.
You can visualize the tension there: everyone is demanding attention and no one is getting it. That for me is a definition of living Hell! But if we place Christ at the center of our solar system, if we let Him be the sun around which we revolve, then we’re all revolving around the same “Son”. We’re all

########
Rank: 15
Score: 24.997335
Retrieved Text: This is a simple Earth and Sun model. This model is not to scale in terms of size and distance.
The rotation and revolution speeds are roughly to scale. The Earth in this model is rotating at 1 second per rotation. It is also revolving at 365 seconds per revolution.
The Earth has a tile of 23.5 degrees on its rotation axis to the orbiting plane. There are also some background stars (points). This model can be easily created using VRMath2 Editor.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 24.913332
Retrieved Text: The declination angle, denoted by δ, varies seasonally due to the tilt of the Earth on its axis of rotation and the rotation of the Earth around the sun. If the Earth were not tilted on its axis of rotation, the declination would always be 0°. However, the Earth is tilted by 23.45° and the declination angle varies plus or minus this amount. Only at the spring and fall equinoxes is the declination angle equal to 0°. The rotation of the Earth around the sun and the change in the declination angle is shown in the animation below.
Animation showing how the tilt angle changes from the summer solstice in the northern hemisphere (or winter in the southern hemisphere) to the northern hemisphere winter solstice (summer in the south).
The declination of the sun is the angle between the equator and a line drawn from the centre of the Earth to the centre of the sun. The seasonal variation of the declination angle is shown in the animation below.
Despite the fact that the Earth revolves around the sun, it is simpler to think of the sun revolving around a stationary Earth. This requires a coordinate transformation. Under this alternative coordinate system, the sun moves around the Earth.
The declination is zero at the equinoxes (March 22 and September 22), positive during the northern hemisphere summer and negative during the northern hemisphere winter. The declination reaches a maximum of 23.45° on June 22 (summer solstice in the northern hemisphere) and a minimum of -23.45° on December 21-22 (winter solstice in

########
Rank: 17
Score: 24.730413
Retrieved Text: Since Earth is the only known inhabited planet and we happen to live here, it’s only natural to regard it as the ideal place for life to exist, and to assume that another life-bearing planet would be fairly similar. However, that is not the opinion of scientists René Heller and John Armstrong who contend that there might be a planet even more suitable for life than Earth 4.3 light years away orbiting the star Alpha Centauri B.
The nice thing about having a hypothetical “superhabitable” planet revolving around Alpha Centauri B, which is part of a triple star system, is that it makes it a lot easier to indulge in a bit of a thought experiment based on the arguments put forward by Heller, of the Department of Physics and Astronomy, McMaster University, Hamilton in Ontario, Canada, and Armstrong, of the Department of Physics, Weber State University in Ogden, Utah.
Imagine we’re in a spaceship approaching the planet in question. The first thing we’d notice is that its sun isn't a familiar yellow. Instead, it’s orange. That’s because where our Sun is a yellow G2 star, Alpha Centauri B is a K-type dwarf star, hence the orange tinge.
If you want a habitable planet, you need the right sun. The longer a sun lives and remains stable, the longer life has to emerge and evolve. If the sun in question is too large, then it will have a very short life. If it’s too small, it might last a long time, but the planet will have to be very

########
Rank: 18
Score: 24.600893
Retrieved Text: The speed of light was instituted because Chuck Norris didn't want get winded outrunning it. Chuck Norris hates to sweat.
Steve Austin had to be rebuilt as the Six Million Dollar Man after he looked Chuck Norris in the eye, shook his hand and then went weak at the knees.
Chuck Norris needs no introduction, but if you need an introduction, you need Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris solved Unsolved Mysteries.
Earth is not spinning around the sun. The sun is just desperately trying to keep a distance to Chuck Norris.
If you use Chuck Norris in a game of Rock-Paper-Scissors, you automatically win.
Randy Johnson can throw a fastball 101mph. Chuck Norris can throw Randy Johnson 101mph.
Chuck Norris can follow you into a revolving door and come out ahead of you.
Chuck Norris doesn't do cocaine. Cocaine does Chuck Norris.
When Chuck Norris was 3 years old , he was bored And decided to carve a sculpture with only his Baby toe nail , this sculpture is now called.... Mount Rushmore.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 24.48458
Retrieved Text: The closest planet to Sun is Mercury and the farthest is Neptune.
Pluto is a dwarf planet – relegated from its status as the ninth planet.
The eight planets of the solar system are Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune.
The Sun is the primary source of energy for life on Earth. It is the closest star to the Earth, about 150 million kilometers from earth. The temperature of the Sun’s visible surface (photosphere) is about 6000 degree Celsius. However, the outer layer of Sun’s atmosphere, known as the Corona, is, on an average, about 2 million degree Celsius. The core of the sun is the center, and is about 15 million degree Celsius.
The Sun is made up of 73% hydrogen and 25% helium. It also has trace amounts of oxygen, carbon, iron and other elements. It is classified as a G-Type Main Sequence Star. It is about 4.6 billion years old and will continue to shine for another 5 billion years. After that it will grow into a Red Giant and then finally end its life as a white dwarf.
The planets are divided in the two groups – Inner planets and Outer planets.
Inner planets – Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars. These are also known as terrestrial planets or rocky planets. These are denser and have a shorter periods of revolution.
Outer planets – Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune. These are also known as Gas Giants or Gaseous planets. They are big in size and have a longer periods of revolution.
Jupiter is the biggest planet in the Solar System and

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.147854
Retrieved Text: We can very easily guess how awesome is the Universe created by the God when we look at the extent to which it has kept the physicists and the astronomers engrossed to have found so many fascinating facts about it from time to time.
But have you ever thought of the messages he may have intended to pass on to us through the Universe?
You would be fascinated to know that even the messages he seems to have passed on to us are no less awesome than the Universe couched out by him.
I may convey the messages he seems to have passed on to us in his own way.
I have printed the messages in the UPPER CASE.
Just have a look at the amount of the sun-rays that escapes the earth every moment of our life. It should not be difficult to guess that not even 0.001 percent of the sun-rays that are transmitted by the Sun fall on the earth as portrayed in the following diagram.
Nobody is able to use the whole lot of the remaining sun-rays that escapes into the sky. But he knew it was more important to provide 0.001 percent of the sun-rays to us despite incurring the loss of the 99.999 percent of the sun-rays that escaped the earth.
Don’t you think, we get the following message from it?
DON’T MIND HOW MUCH YOU MAY HAVE TO LOSE IF YOU HAVE TO MAKE A CHOICE BETWEEN THE SURVIVAL AND THE LOSS.
We find that in the Arctic and Antarctic zones of the earth both the days as

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.042727
Retrieved Text: Ptolemy was a geocentric mathematician who rather ironically wrote one poem used as a scholion (explanatory comment in the margin of a text) on the preface of the Syntaxis (the original title of the Almagest, his treatise on the mathematics of astronomy).
Of course, if he was truly standing by Zeus, his perspective might have been clearer and he would not have needed “multitudinous revolving spirals” to explain the simple orbits of the planets around the Sun.
Although his mathematical explanation was genius, and survived long after his second century death, he was unfortunately operating under the mistaken premise that the Earth was the center of the Universe.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.983746
Retrieved Text: Sun spots are the parts on the solar surface which has temperature nearly 4500 K. this temperature is 1500 K less than the temperature of the surrounding photosphere. So these regions are somewhat cool then the other parts. These sun spots are 150 kilometers away from the earth or we can say 93 million miles away. They will only appear dark. If we remove these spots from the sun we would be able to see complete glowing disc.
Sun spots were noticed earlier also but almost all the records kept by the ancient people were lost. Galileo says that sun spots were not any different body but they are the region of sun itself. They can be a cloud or a spot. But Scheimer not agreed with Galileo he says that these spots may be some planets or moon revolving around the sun. Schiemer was a Jesuit priest and believed that sun is a perfect creation of god so how can it has spots on the surface.
Now Galileo noticed after few days that the sun spots became small in size as they reach to the edges. So he came to a conclusion that they are surely on the surface of sun. he was not sure that what exactly they are but he says that these spots are not any planets or moons.
The largest sun spot on the sun is 50,000 kilometers in its diameter which can be seen from naked eyes. Generally sun spots remain in groups. They remain at a place for months, weeks, days or

########
Rank: 23
Score: 23.918112
Retrieved Text: On the Praxis Elementary Education exam, you may be asked questions about Earth and the other planets and objects in our solar system. You should also be familiar with how Earth revolves around the sun, and how the moon rotates around Earth.
A year is the time it takes Earth to make one revolution around the sun. A month (the lunar month = 28 days) is the time it takes the moon to make a revolution around Earth.
As Earth revolves, it rotates on an axis, resulting in day and night. The moon also rotates on an axis, and it does so at the same rate of speed as Earth’s rotation. As a consequence, we only ever see one side of the moon as it’s lit by the sun, resulting in the portion of the moon—or phase—we see.
Eclipses happen when either the Earth blocks sunlight from reaching the moon, and it is eclipsed (lunar), or when the moon blocks sunlight from reaching the Earth, and the sun is eclipsed (solar).
Which explains the main cause of a solar eclipse?
During a solar eclipse, the moon blocks sunlight from, or casts a shadow on, the Earth. Choice (A) is an explanation for how the universe was created, more of an ongoing expansion than an actual explosion. Choice (C) is the 28-day period it takes the moon to make one revolution around the Earth. Choice (D) is the main cause of the seasons.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 23.81793
Retrieved Text: The video below is another one for your wonder and awe file. It is a time lapse of the stars as they move across the sky. While their movement is due more to the spinning of Earth on its axis at nearly 1000 miles per hour (at the equator, less north or south of it), if you think they are just standing still out there, you are mistaken. At the same time, our rotating planet is orbiting the Sun at approximately 66,000 miles per hour, while the Sun around which we move so rapidly is itself revolving around the center of the Milky Way Galaxy at about 483,000 miles per hour. Finally, the Milky Way Galaxy is moving through the universe at about 1.3 million miles per hour .
It is all dizzying to say the least. Most of us in or near light-polluted cities see little of the stars, but all around us are billions of galaxies each with billions of stars. I am not sure why God made a universe that is so immense; perhaps it is just His immense love.
Enjoy this video and be amazed.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 23.748497
Retrieved Text: 2011-11-25: Added Solar2 example, with full source, compile able in Windows and Linux/Unix systems, linked with freeglut.
2009-06-22: Updated ogl02 example. Now compiles in Ubuntu (linux) as well ;=)) Contains some 49 'examples'. Needs some PLIB libraries.
OpenGL: Lots of open source animation and games programs use it, and, as the web page states, it is 'The Industry's Foundation for High Performance Graphics'. OpenGL is a registered trademark of SGI. A lot of the sample code dates back to people like Mark J. Kilgard, circa 1997-1998, but is still very relevant today.
And there are also a number of 'wrapper', that wrap the whole process, like OpenSceneGraph, PLIB, wxWidget, etc... but this page is only about OpenGL and GLUT!
The glutInit(&argc, argv); must be called to initialize GLUT, and it accepts a small number of arguments, and ignores all others... There are a number of parameters that can be used in the glutInitDisplayMode(...) call, establishing the primary 'mode' for the window... Then glutInitWindowSize(iWidth, iHeight); will set the initial windows size, and show the window, glutCreateWindow("Title"); will set the window title.
Next it is usual to do some local initialization, init01(), followed by the setting of the 'callback' functions, glutDisplayFunc(display), glutReshapeFunct(reshape), and glutKeyboardFunc(keyboard). There are of course several other 'callback' functions that can be set, like function keys, mouse movement, etc, not used in the above simple 'Hello World' application.
Finally glutMainLoop(), to run the application. There will normally be no return from this function.
2011-11-25: This is a simple sample program demonstrates how to use a local coordinate method to position parts of

########
Rank: 26
Score: 23.687809
Retrieved Text: The Sun has unleashed a powerful storm, sending an enormous cloud of superheated particles rocketing towards Earth at a mind-boggling speed of 3.3 million kilometre per hour.
On August 20, the Sun erupted with an Earth-directed coronal mass ejection or CME, a solar phenomenon which can send billions of tons of particles into space that can reach Earth one to three days later. “These particles cannot travel through the atmosphere to harm humans on Earth, but they can affect electronic systems in satellites and on the ground,” Nasa said.
Experimental Nasa research models, based on observations from Nasa’s Solar Terrestrial Relations Observatory show that the CME left the Sun at speeds of around 570 miles per second or 3.3 million km/h, which is a fairly typical speed for CMEs.
Earth-directed CMEs can cause a space weather phenomenon called a geomagnetic storm, which occurs when they funnel energy into Earth’s magnetic envelope, the magnetosphere, for an extended period of time. The CME’s magnetic fields peel back the outermost layers of Earth’s fields changing their very shape. “In the past, geomagnetic storms caused by CMEs of this strength have usually been mild,” Nasa said. Nasa warned the magnetic storms can degrade communication signals and cause unexpected electrical surges in power grids. They also can cause aurora, a natural light display in the sky particularly in the high latitude regions, caused by the collision of energetic charged particles with atoms.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 23.567722
Retrieved Text: Our solar neighborhood is really an exciting place. It is full of different heavenly bodies such as planets, moons, asteroids, meteors, comets, and many other exciting objects. Let us learn more about them.
Planets are large natural objects that orbit, or revolve around, stars. You are standing on one at this moment! Yes, Earth is a planet too. Today, we have eight planets orbit the star called the Sun. In order, from the closest to the Sun, these planets are Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune.
While some of the planets are small, rocky bodies with a solid ground – Mercury, Venus, Earth and Mars; the others are big gas giants – Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune.
Unfortunately, Pluto failed to meet the third condition and had to step down from being a planet to a “dwarf planet”.
So far, hundreds of worlds beyond our solar system have been discovered and many new ones are in the process of being discovered. Scientists believe some of these planets may sustain alien life. Well, no one knows for sure, but there is a high probability that an alien kid elsewhere in the galaxy is also reading about us and the Earth in an article like this!
Stars are giant spheres of superhot gas, generally made up of hydrogen and helium. Stars get so hot and bright because of a process called nuclear fusion that takes place inside them. Nuclear fusion is a process in which hydrogen gas gets converted into helium, releasing light and heat. Though it seems to us

########
Rank: 28
Score: 23.553942
Retrieved Text: Nicolaus Copernicus, born in Toruń in the Kingdom of Poland in 1473, was the first to develop a view of the universe which placed the Sun, rather than the Earth, at the center of the orbiting planets. Copernicus viewed each planet as revolving in a circular orbit with the Sun as the common center of each circle. This new model, which was later improved by many other astronomers, made it much simpler to understand and predict the motions of the planets. Pictured below is his rendering of the planetary orbits.
Consider two of the planets in Copernicus’ orbital system: Earth and Mars. Assume the Earth orbits the Sun in exactly $365$ Earth days, and Mars orbits the Sun in exactly $687$ Earth days. Thus the Earth’s orbit starts at day $0$ and continues to day $364$, and then starts over at day $0$. Mars orbits similarly, but on a $687$ day time scale. We would like to find out how long it will take until both planets are on day $0$ of their orbits simultanously. Write a program that can determine this.
Input consists of multiple test cases, at most $10$. Each test case is described by a single line containing two integers $0 \leq e < 365$ and $0 \leq m < 687$. These indicate which days Earth and Mars are at their respective orbits.
For each case, display the case number (starting at $1$ and incrementing for each case) followed by the smallest number of days until the two planets will both be on day $0$ of

########
Rank: 29
Score: 23.344774
Retrieved Text: We, or some of us, take the planet we call Earth for granted at times. It has been around for such a long time we believe it will stay the same forever. Or we hope.
We expect the Earth to continue to act like it does, going around the Sun, revolving each 24 hour day, having seasons occur like they do, etc.
IF we continue to pollute like we do overall, IF we stay the course on using up Earth’s resources that could be changed, IF we treat the Earth like an untapped vessel of goodness and wealth, we will find out eventually that we made a mistake.
Another thing, we live on a moving vessel that travels, again, around the Sun. That travel makes our seasons, makes our days and nights be a reality.
I ask, do YOU think this is a quirk of nature, that just happens or is there another reason we exist as occupants of a moving entity? I read a book, “More Than a Carpenter” by Sean McDowell that was telling his life story and trying to convey the fact that there was a man named Jesus, who was the Son of God and also a God that exists. I suggest anyone that has doubts, read this book.
In it, the scientific question comes up about various things that are doubted by many, namely Atheists. I will not spoil the results of his answers for you; again read the book.
One thing or question asked about our domicile name Earth, is thus. IF gravity were to deviate

================



======= Instance Index 17 =========
Input Text: Plants need light for

Which is the correct answer?
- love
- glucose
- reading
- driving

Target Text: glucose

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.593552
Retrieved Text: indoor office plants no light en no sac indoor office plants low indoor office plants no light.
indoor office plants no light office grow lights for indoor plants.
indoor office plants no light no sunlight plants office design office plants no sunlight office plants that need no office plants no sunlight plants best office office grow lights for indoor plants.
indoor office plants no light office plants low light best indoor plants best indoor plants low light indoor plants low light indoor office grow light.
indoor office plants no light common office plants plants no natural light choosing the best indoor plants for your home or indoor office plants no light.
indoor office plants no light no sunlight office light indoor plants need indoor office grow lights for indoor plants.
indoor office plants no light luxury plants that need no light and picture of plant indoor office plants amazing low light office grow lights for indoor plants.
indoor office plants no light house plants indoor plants the home depot ficus bush in in grower pot indoor office plants indoor office plants no light.
indoor office plants no light 9 low maintenance plants for the office green design innovation architecture green building indoor office plants no light.
indoor office plants no light desk plants beautifying office bonsai grass pots planters click to enlarge artificial plant indoor office grow light.
indoor office plants no light low light indoor plants indoor office grow light.
indoor office plants no light sunlight lamp for plants sunlight lamp for plants office plants no light indoor plants no light office grow lights for indoor

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.905718
Retrieved Text: What Are the Best Grow Lights for My Plants?
The post What Are the Best Grow Lights for My Plants? appeared first on TheLAShop Blog.
To find the best grow light for your plants, there are a few things you have to take into consideration. The first is the type of plant you are trying to grow. Plants that have large leaves need lower levels of light, so they should do fine under fluorescent or LED lights. Plants with smaller leaves need brighter light and would grow best under metal halide or high pressure sodium lights. You also have to take into consideration the environment that the plants find natural. Plants that are from the desert, such as cacti, need to have a stronger light, because that is what they have in nature. Tropical plants often need less light, because they are used to growing under trees in a rainforest.
What are the Best Grow Lights for Growing Plants Outside?
If you plant species that are native to your area, then you will not need any extra grow lights outside. If your plants are from a warmer, or more southern climate, than there are several ways to determine the best grow lights to use. Plants that thrive in the tropical and sub-tropical regions need to have at least 12 hours of light, every day. You can use a metal halide or high pressure sodium light that is suspended above the plants, to boost the natural light they get in the northern areas. You may also want to include your light

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.539
Retrieved Text: Don't Waste Any Time, Find Plants Sunlight On Zenya, Now.
Visit Bonnie Plants to Learn Everything You Need to Know to Help You Grow!
Find Deals on Plant Sunlight in Gardening Tools on Amazon.
When you buy a new plant, you may wonder what kind of light do plants need? Do all plants need the same amount of light? How can I tell if my plant is having problems with too little light? Keep reading to answer these questions on how light affects the growth of a plant. How Light Affects the Growth of a Plant. All things need energy to grow.
Sunlight helps plants grow through the process of photosynthesis. the leaves on the plants absorbs the nutrients and turn them into energy.
Testing How Sunlight Affects Plant Growth: I pass out the Experiment Steps - How Does Sunlight Affect Plant Growth to each student. They title the next page in their science notebooks "How Does Sunlight Affect Plant Growth" and glue their foldable in on that page. We go over each of the steps just as we did in the other experiments.
Water hydrates the soil which gives nutrients to the plant making it grow taller and stronger. It also helps keep the plant from drying out from the sun. Results Sun: How Does The Sun, Water And Soil Help Plants Grow? Water: Soil, like water and the sun give the plants nutrients.
The sun is the main source of energy for almost every living thing on Earth. It gives a plant the light energy it needs to photosynthesize, which converts

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.464777
Retrieved Text: If you’re tired of frying your vegging plants or you just can’t seem to get those flowering plants to bloom, you will with these 4 foot 54 watt T5 fluorescent bloom light bulbs. Designed with the light spectrum flowers and fruiting plants love, you’ll be able to cover your blooming plants with no problems.
Unlike other forms of grow light, T5 bulbs are meant to provide your plants with light that’s strong enough to grow but soft enough to not damage your plants.
You can move these 2700k light bulbs as close to your plants as safely possible without fear of heat stress or bleaching, which is important with ornamental flowers.
The warm red/orange spectrum these bulbs give off are just what your plants need when they need to stop growing and start blooming. Their light stimulates bud production and the blooming of flowers in fruiting plants. Whether you’re growing medical flowers that need to pop or you’re filling in gaps your primary light just can’t reach, you want Yield Lab’s 54w T5 fluorescent bulbs in your garden.
These bulbs are compatible with any standard T5 fluorescent grow light reflectors. Get your plants growing fast and strong with these 54 watt T5 light bulbs today!
We feel we should inform you that, at the time of writing, this product is selling for much less than $34.95 on Amazon.
This T5 bulb comes with a one-year warranty.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.460705
Retrieved Text: S: Last time we met, you and I were wondering if there might be creatures on other worlds, parts of other worldly food webs, looking up at the sky and wondering if they were alone in the universe, too.
I mean, alien plants aren't out there wondering about anything. Probably. But I wonder if plants here on Earth have plant-like buddies somewhere out there.
Plants on other plants... it's not that big of a stretch. Why?
Food webs, dude. On Earth, plants form the base of the food web. Animals can't exist without them, after all, plants take light energy and turn it into chemical energy. And when animal eat the plants, or eat the animal that ate the plants, they're consuming that energy.
So, plants are vital tot he survival of almost everything on Earth. That means that if you can believe there are creatures on other worlds, you might as well believe there are plants out there, too.
But, how could plants exist on other plants?
First, they need energy from light. Around here they get that from the sun, but on other plants outside our solar system, they could get it from their planets near a star. Alien plants could then use that starlight to power photosynthesis, the system Earth plants use to create sugar from light.
But, they need a few other resources for photosynthesis, too. Like, water and air. Specifically, they need a gas called: carbon dioxide, and a little bit of oxygen to help them use the energy that they make from photosynthesis.
Plus, plants need nutrients to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.443718
Retrieved Text: House plants can offer a refreshing visual effect to our indoor environment, especially those that have stunning flowers or foliage. Before buying a houseplant make sure to do a little research to discover the plant’s light, soil, temperature and humidity requirements.
Houseplants differ in light requirements as do outdoor plants. Some need bright, direct sunlight, while others may need only indirect sunlight. Still others may only need a minimum amount of light.
A plant with low light requirements would do well set back somewhat from a north-facing window, while one needing medium light may do well placed closer to a north facing window or set a few feet back from an east/west window. Plants with high light requirements can be placed in front of an east/west window or up to five feet away from a south facing window. Plants requiring direct light need close proximity to a southern light exposure.
Most house plants will do well with daytime temperatures between 65 and 75º F. An ideal situation is where nighttime temperatures only drop 5-10º. Keep plants well away from heat sources such as vents or wood burning stoves. Avoid placing plants near cold air sources like air conditioning units and keep them away from drafty doors or windows. Some plants are even sensitive to air blowing from an indoor fan. Do not allow foliage to touch cold glass window panes.
House plants vary in water needs. They may need more water when placed in direct sun or when planted in a light, well-draining soil. Check labels on individual plants for

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.299019
Retrieved Text: Hard LED Grow Light Strip with Full Spectrum LEDs, 36W IP65 Waterproof Dimmable LED Plant Grow Light Bar for Germination, Growth and Flowering, with 12V/3A Power Supply, Set of 3, All in Kit by LEDLampsWorld at Buy Online Guru. MPN: LLW-FSLGS-3-RW. Hurry! Limited time offer. Offer valid only while supplies last. Full spectrum LED grow light is now available! Wanna something to provide all aspects of care for your lovely little plant? Here is the answer!
Full spectrum LED grow light is now available!
Wanna something to provide all aspects of care for your lovely little plant?
Here is the answer! This LED grow light could produce lights of all kinds of wavelengths(400nm-800nm) that plants need.
Lights of wavelengths between 400nm-520nm and 610nm-720nm are highly demand in most stages.
Lights of wavelengths between 720nm-800nm could accelerate sprouting of seeds and flowering of plants.
No matter your plants are in sprouting, growing or blossoming, it could always provide a suitable brightness for your plants.
It's time to take the sweetheart of plants home!
Each hard grow strip light includes 30 powerful LEDs, provide enough brightness.
The remote controller has 10 dimming levels from 10% to 100%, meeting the daily needs of plants.
The control range is 32 yd, you could turn on/off the lights any time you want.
All you need to do is press "SPEED -" and "SPEED +" at the same time for several seconds.
The light would quickly flash for three times, that means the remote controller has made a connection with the LED Controller again.
Then you could use the remote controller to control the light

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.24217
Retrieved Text: Sunlight contains the full spectrum of light that plants need to grow, but plants growing indoors need lighting supplements to provide the energy for photosynthesis. Blue and red light waves are the two primary colors that your indoor plants need to thrive; different plants require different levels of each. Select your indoor lighting based on the types of plants you are growing in combination with the amount of daily sunlight your plants receive.
High pressure sodium lights, HPS, are one lighting choice for indoor growing that emits a red orange glow. Red and orange light waves trigger hormones that increase budding, flowering and foliage growth. Plants cannot grow well with only red light waves; too much red light can cause a plant to become spindly. HPS lights are good companion lights for indoor growing conditions with some natural sunlight or other lighting sources that have high levels of blue light waves.
Metal halide lights are a good lighting choice for growing your plants indoors when there is no sunlight available. Metal halide lighting emits more light rays in the blue spectrum. Blue light regulates the rate of a plants growth as well as other plant responses including stomata opening. Stomata control the amount of moisture a plant receives and loses. Combine metal halide lighting with another source of red lighting such as HPS, fluorescent or incandescent for optimum results.
Fluorescent grow lights are the most common options for homeowners growing plants indoors. You can purchase different types of fluorescent bulbs that are higher in red output for growing flowers

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.193554
Retrieved Text: Published 04/26/2019 08:09:03 am at 04/26/2019 08:09:03 am in Best Light Bulb For Growing Plants Indoors.
best light bulb for growing plants indoors growing plants indoor indoor plants best best light bulb for growing plants can plants grow indoors without sunlight growing plants indoors with led lights best light bulb for growing plants indoors.
best light bulb for growing plants indoors, how to select the best grow light for indoor growing urban organic its really easy for you to grow all kinds of vegetables herbs and sprouts inside all year long invest in a grow light and youll be happy, ways to grow herbs indoors under lights wikihow image titled grow herbs indoors under lights step , how to grow succulents in artificial light needles leaves howtogrowsucculentsindoorsinartificialgrow, growing plants indoor indoor plants best best light bulb for growing growing plants indoor grow lights for indoor plant amazing light bulbs for indoor plant growth and , grow lights for beginners start plants indoors the foodie gardener incandescent light bulb plant grow light foodie gardener blog, gardening under grow lights gardeners supply led grow lights are perfect for indoor seed starting as well growing as lightloving houseplants such as orchids, grow light bulbs light bulbs the home depot watt r incandescent agrolite indoor flood grow light bulb, plant grow lights which kind to choose better homes gardens hid plant grow lights pinterest plant light, choosing the right grow light do you need a grow light find out the best grow lights to use for indoor succulents, best light for growing

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.165396
Retrieved Text: In order to live and grow, plants perform the process of photosynthesis. This process begins when light energy is absorbed by the centers that contain chlorophyll pigments, therefore, converting it into chemical energy. The chemical energy is stored as sugars which are the food of the plants. The more sugars they create and consume, the bigger they become. All this explains why plants should be exposed to as much light as needed during their growth cycle.
When growing your crops indoors you need to have a light source that will substitute the sunlight. Luckily artificial light also helps plants to go through the process of photosynthesis. The important thing here is that, not all light sources are efficient and powerful enough for a potent plant. Therefore you should choose a strong bright light that will result in increased density and yields.
LED lightning is modern and energy efficient. They come in vast variety of sizes and forms; hence you can easily find a suitable one for your specific space and needs. The great popularity and the high demand for LEDs come from the fact that they can have extremely long useful life compared to any other type. Also, they are very economical considering the fact that they are energy efficient.
Another great and not so commonly known fact about LED grow lights is that these lights have the shades that plants need to thrive; the red and blue color. However, when buying LEDs make sure they also contain green or white (full spectrum) light. This is important to remember

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.161676
Retrieved Text: Believe it or not, these are significant nutrients for plants. Plants need carbon and can absorb it in the form of Carbon Dioxide to produce sugar. When the plant later burns / eats the sugar it needs oxygen for the aerobic (with oxygen) breakdown of sugar. Breaking down sugar provides a lot more energy than breaking down sugar without oxygen.
All known life needs water, but plants need it for different reasons than people. Plants need water to conduct photosynthesis. Plants split water in half then later form a water molecule through one cycle of photosynthesis. I guess there is a lot of energy in light.
Plants also need water to maintain their shape. Animal cells don’t have cell walls. Plant cells have membranes, like animals do plus a cell wall. The cell wall keeps the plant standing up. This is why plants don’t need bones, yet we find bones in animals. To keep plants upright water fills plant cells. The cell wall then contains the water inside. A plant cell is slightly pressurized. When plants don’t have enough water, they wilt. The plant cells are depressurizing and losing structure. Seen in the plant falling in height and bending to gravity’s will.
Most plants are autotrophs, meaning they make their own energy. They do this by capturing radiation from the sun and turning it into chemical energy. We use light to see but often can’t tell how much light is in the environment only if it is sunny or shady. Plants know precisely how much light they are being

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.15109
Retrieved Text: Fall and winter mean shorter days and lower indoor light for many gardeners and their indoor plants. Help your houseplants adjust to these changes and thrive throughout winter.
Move your plants to the sunniest, usually a south facing window, if possible. If space is limited rotate plants between low light locations to sunnier spots indoors. Turn plants regularly, so all the parts of the plant receive sufficient light.
Adjust your watering schedule. Plants growing in lower light conditions need less frequent watering. But take in to account air temperature as well. If you keep your house warm, the humidity is low and plants may dry out more quickly.
Stop fertilizing unless your plants are actively growing.
Group plants together to increase humidity, but give them enough space so their leaves and stems are held in their natural position.
A bit more information: Improve growing conditions by supplementing natural sunlight with artificial lights. New full spectrum energy efficient LED lights provide the wide range of light that indoor plants need.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.12711
Retrieved Text: Given the number of light for indoor plants brands nowadays, picking the best one is a very time-consuming task. Many companies regularly produce new light for indoor plants to compete for customers’ money. Fortunately, you can use the list of the top light for indoor plants to quickly choose the best product. There is also the extended top 30 list with more options.
We had to test hundreds of light for indoor plants in order to find the best options on the market. That is how we made the top list available below. Now you can choose a light for indoor plants you like out of our selection and immediately buy it!
Adjustable 360 gooseneck, the double goosenecks can be rotated to any angle and thus you can lengthen and shorten the distance between lamps and houseplants.
Build with heat-sink metal design, keeping ambient temperature at an optimal range for plant growth.
Timer, three options of timing setting up, 3 hours, 6 hours or 12 hours according to plans need.
Low heat output–don’t worry even close the lamp to your tender flowers and do not burn them.
With the usb design, you can choose to plug into a wall outlet or any usb interface like power bank etc.
Low power consumption but high luminous efficiency, long service life about 50, 000hrs.
You can adjust the brightness to 25%/50%/75%/100% of the light as plant needed.
Toplanet s plant lights provide the proper spectrums of light for photosynthesis which is the key to plant growth.
A wider range of applications, – vegasdoggy grow light is suitable for varieties

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.122585
Retrieved Text: Most gardeners are aware of the important relationship plants have with light. We are forever talking about the light preferences of plants. And every garden reference stresses how important it is to provide the proper light for different plants – indoors or outside. If you place a plant that needs a sunny location in the shade, it will languish and do poorly.
Yet, I’m not sure gardeners really understand why light is so essential to plants – and why a sun-loving plant will do poorly if it does not get enough light. And for that I blame the term "plant food."
In ancient times, early farmers eventually realized that if they spread manure over a field before planting a crop, it made the plants grow better. It was easy for them to assume that plants grew better because they ate what was in the manure. It made sense that, just like providing abundant food to a person makes them strong and healthy, the food provided by the manure made the plants grow better. So the idea that we are actually feeding plants when we add manure (or fertilizers) to the soil became entrenched and survives to this day. Am I right? Don’t we all "feed" our plants “plant food”?
The trouble is, we now know better. In the 20th century we discovered that plants carry out a remarkable chemical process called photosynthesis – meaning "to create from light." And photosynthesis, as it turns out, is the basis of life as we know it.
In photosynthesis, plants use a green pigment

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.096504
Retrieved Text: Many HID (HPS, MH, LEC / CMH) lighting fixture manufacturers advertise that their aluminum reflectors are 98% reflective, and therefore reflect 98% of the light their bulbs aim at the ceiling back toward your plants. They are technically correct in that for a single wavelength (color) of light, 98% of it is reflected by the special aluminum, but this is not the case with all wavelengths of light in the PAR region of the spectrum.
This graph of material reflectivity by wavelength is courtesy of Orca Grow Film, which makes the most-reflective film you can hang in your growing area- we use it in all of our grows to direct more light back to our plants.
Furthermore, many photons need to be reflected multiple times inside the reflector before finally being directed toward your plants. With 12% or more of the light getting lost with every reflection, a lot less of that upward-directed light is getting to your plants than you think.
Our LEDs only aim light downward toward your plants. There is no need for a reflector that gets dirty over time and reflects less light.
If you look at the actual PPFD averages we can deliver to your plants rather than the total light output of the "bare bulb", you&apos;ll see that our lights really can deliver more light per watt to your plants than HID.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.005392
Retrieved Text: Compelling your s in how for articles. Double healthy living then snake plant air purifying house plants. Impressive plants for silk artificial flower plants decorating ideas along with small pot ideas home interior. Robust images about house plants on lemon seeds nasa how to make most then house plants life for style guardian. Clever purify air huffpost houseplants to your home then purify air and houseplants to your home. Tremendous your home ly holistichealthly plus 26 house plants that detox air. Genial or under house plants to improve air quality gardening is. Sterling one also easiest to grow as tall houseplants that can live as wells as jade plant crassula ovata is succulent as wells as decades with proper care. Aweinspiring plants for low light then plants that need medium light types.
Compelling your s in how for articles in indoor house plants.
Double healthy living then snake plant air purifying house plants in indoor house plants.
Impressive plants for silk artificial flower plants decorating ideas along with small pot ideas home interior in indoor house plants.
Robust images about house plants on lemon seeds nasa how to make most then house plants life for style guardian in indoor house plants.
Clever purify air huffpost houseplants to your home then purify air and houseplants to your home in indoor house plants.
Tremendous your home ly holistichealthly plus 26 house plants that detox air in indoor house plants.
Genial or under house plants to improve air quality gardening is in indoor house plants.
Sterling one also easiest to grow as tall houseplants that can live

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.000385
Retrieved Text: Whether you are starting seedlings or growing plants indoors, one of the most important purchases is a high-quality grow light. Your young plants need light, and often different light than is traditionally in your house, so finding the best grow lights is essential to raising healthy and mature indoor plants. If you are growing a small batch of starters, it may be difficult to find a cost-effective non-commercial grow light. Even if you are growing a commercial garden, you’ll want to get an inexpensive grow light to meet your needs. In order to help you find the best, here is a list of some of the top grow lights on the market. Each one will be compared, and you’ll find out everything you need to know in order to purchase the right grow light to fit your needs.
1. What Is a Grow Light?
2. What Color Light Do I Need?
3. How Long Do I Need To Run My Grow Lights?
4. Where Should I Place My Grow Lights?
5. Can I Use an LED Grow Light?
6. How Many Grow Lights Do I Need?
Each grow light was selected based on a number of important factors. These lights are bestsellers and have high customer ratings.
All the grow lights on this list are also highly rated by professionals and offer a wide range of features and options. Whether you have a large-scale operation or a single plant, there is a grow light on this list that will fit your needs.
Grow lights can range dramatically in price, whether you are lighting one or

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.987621
Retrieved Text: All plants need light in order to grow, but different species require different amounts of light. Remember that some rooms in your house will be sunnier than others, depending on which way the windows face. Keep this in mind when selecting a spot for each plant, to ensure that it will grow properly.
Plants receive direct sunlight all day long. This is the ideal spot for species that thrive in full sun. Plants that require bright light should be protected from direct sun between 10 a.m. and 5 p.m. in summer, however. A south-facing exposure is not a good place for plants that require little light, especially from April to October.
Plants receive direct sunlight in the morning and plenty of indirect light the rest of the day. Plants that thrive in bright light will do well in this setting year-round. Plants that require indirect light should be moved slightly back from the window in summer.
Plants receive direct sunlight in the late afternoon and plenty of indirect light in the morning. The sun is stronger and warmer here than in east-facing windows. This is a good spot for plants that tolerate a few hours' sun a day.
Plants receive plenty of indirect light in summer, but less light from November to February. Plants that prefer indirect light will do well here year-round. Some plants that require bright light may adapt to this spot in summer.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.979145
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Aquarium Plants' started by 1BGM1, Apr 9, 2017.
Anubias doesn't need to be planted in substrate and is low light, no CO2, but even low light plants need decent lighting. Java moss, moss balls, anacharis, wisteria, are some good easy plants.
Edit - Looks like Anders beat me to posting, haha.
Question Plants For Low Tech 20 Gal?
What Are Some Super Low Tech Plants?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.95312
Retrieved Text: tall indoor plants large for sale melbourne.
tall indoor plants large house low light.
tall indoor plants large for sale uk best low light house.
tall indoor plants large very low light decorate with.
tall indoor plants house safe for cats large that grow in shade.
tall indoor plants low light trees large plant house safe for pets in.
tall indoor plants large low light narrow house sweetheart plant in a or self watering for safe f.
tall indoor plants large plant pots planters for ceramic flower black and white color indirect light outst.
tall indoor plants large safe for cats trees low ht best popular luxury house awesome.
tall indoor plants magnificent house homey beautiful large photos decoration design ideas safe for cats.
tall indoor plants must see best low light ideas on large for sale nz.
tall indoor plants big leaf house large plant green ornamental safe for dogs.
tall indoor plants house plant large green leaves safe for cats and dogs lease a leaf.
tall indoor plants house plant containers picture gallery pot large safe for dogs p.
tall indoor plants low light 1 greenhouse best that grow in shade.
tall indoor plants best large more home depot.
tall indoor plants best large very low light houseplants.
tall indoor plants house large home depot fake this plant is and suited for or.
tall indoor plants monster greenery create an jungle with these large for sale nz.
tall indoor plants best low light small house home depot sm.
tall indoor plants house ficus the tree type known as rubber and also large that grow in shade p.
tall indoor plants house plant lighting requirements amazing

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.919786
Retrieved Text: Plants are cool some look good, some grow fruit, others return oxygen to the atmosphere. They are great to have around. One way to help plants grow is by installing one of the top 10 best led grow lights in 2019 in your greenhouse.
If you do not have a greenhouse, then these lights should work wherever you have an enclosed space growing legal plants. The energy savings you get from using one of the best LED grow lights helps you grow more plants or pay for other necessities.
Plus, the good news these lights mimic the sun. Your plants are not deprived of any solar nutrients they need to grow tall and healthy. When you want the best results, you have to go with the top of the line products. Anything else is not worth using.
To grow your plants the way you want them to be, this LED grows light brings you the sun indoors. It emits UV rays, IR radiation, and full spectrum f colors just like the sun emits. This means your plants get their full nutritious meal every time you turn the light on.
Also, it uses only 260 watts of power, saving you big time over the 100,000-hour lifespan of the LED light chips. Just make sure the light is between 2 and 3 ½ feet away from your plants at all times. No extra ballast needed, only plug and play.
One drawback to this LD grows light is that its power cord is a little short. Also, the light may use more wattage than

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.91855
Retrieved Text: LED grow lights have been around for a few years now. While perhaps a decade ago they didn’t quite live up to their full potential, now they are by far the best way to grow plants indoors. If you need help choosing one, here are our picks for the best LED grow lights.
Let’s first talk briefly about LED grow lights, their advantages and why you would choose to buy one. Following that, we can have a look at some pointers that will help you choose the most appropriate model for you.
What Are LED Grow Lights and Why Would You Want One?
LED grow lights are relative newcomers to the world of indoor horticulture, but they offer certain big advantages over the older styles of grow lights people have used traditionally.
The first big advantage is that LED lights run much cooler than more old-fashioned grow lights. While plants need a certain level of warmth to survive and thrive, old-style lights simply give off too much heat – much more than plants can absorb. This equates to wasted energy.
With LEDs, you are just creating the light that plants need without the extra heat, making them much more efficient.
As a result, LEDs are also much cheaper to run. If you run old-style grow lights that are constantly wasted energy as heat, you are using electricity for nothing. For this reason, LED lights can be an investment since they can end up saving you money on your electricity bill.
They have one other distinct advantage, too.
Light is emitted in a whole range

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.910156
Retrieved Text: Plants are like people, and they need the person who can protect them just like a friend. So you think to do some indoor Grow lights are the best friend of the plants LED Grow Form this indoor plants may get energy so that when a plant is outdoors, it can absorb vital Elements to grow.
Those components light is just one of the significant components. Each plant needs light to grow. In the lights that they get energy and elements that assist them to grow correctly. Without proper light, the plants can’t grow and cannot offer elements that are necessary to the flower and fruits.
It acts by providing your plants with the components that come from sunlight. Best-led grow lights replicate the wavelengths of the sun. That makes rays of light that provide nutrient to plants. LED Grow lights normally arrive in light because these lights are significant to get a plant. Plantation contemplate installing grow bulbs to design your backyard as well as to comes with assorted attributes, the nutrients to the given plants, and moreover, an indoor farmer will need not to be worried about weather condition, bugs or even insecticide. Among the advantages of using grow lights for indoor plants, they grow quicker than the plant. There is not any need to fret about 24 hours lighting to your plants.
They can mature within the home. Then you may get in touch with your indoor farmers if you are not aware of these items. An indoor farmer may offer you advice about greatest led

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.87454
Retrieved Text: houseplants have become a staple in many homes. Since the home often provides a less than ideal environment for these plants, it is important to select houseplants carefully. Select those plants that will grow in the environment provided.
Light: Light is often a limiting factor in growing houseplants. Most houseplants grow best in bright, indirect light, but many plants can adapt to various light levels. The amount of light in a house varies from room to room, depending on the number of windows in each room and the direction in which they face.
North-facing windows tend to provide the least amount of light. Plants that are tolerant of low light conditions may be able to grow in north-facing windows, but they should be placed within one foot of the sill. The light level may be slightly higher in summer when the sun rises from the northeast.
East-facing windows provide indirect light through most of the day and cooler temperatures. Flowering houseplants, which need cooler temperatures often do well in east facing windows.
South-facing windows provide the greatest amount of light, especially in winter, when the sun is lower in the southern sky. Plants that need direct light or high levels of light do well in southern exposures.
While the light is intense in a south-facing window, so is the temperature. If a plant cannot tolerate high temperatures, it can be placed to the side of the window where it can receive bright, indirect light. Sheer curtains or mini-blinds can also be used to regulate the amount of light received by plants

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.871517
Retrieved Text: Plants need light to grow and flourish. Some plants cannot survive outdoors in the winter, and if you do not have a yard, your only choice might be to grow plants indoors. Indoor plant growing can be difficult, though. Positioning your plants in a window does not always provide enough light, and it can sometimes be too much direct light. Grow lights are one solution to indoor plant growing. There are different kinds of grow lights and light system setups that vary according to the type of plant being grown. Use these steps to use the proper grow lights when growing plants indoors.
Determine what type of plant to grow.
Purchase the seeds for the variety or flora you wish to grow indoors. Base your decision on the space in your home and the amount of electricity you can use. Vegetable plants require more light than many exotic plants, for instance.
Learn what color light is needed.
Research the plant you have chosen to determine the colors on the light spectrum your particular plant utilizes most. Most plants use the entire spectrum, but red and blue are the most important. Your research should tell you what color your plant craves most. For example, African violets do best under blue light, but they also need red to flower.
Pick incandescent bulbs for a superior source of red light. These bulbs are most commonly used in the home. The amount of blue light emitted from incandescent bulbs is poor, however.
Select fluorescent bulbs to achieve as much as 3 times more light intensity than

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.832281
Retrieved Text: Indoor plants provide extra color, warmth, and texture to your home. Not only will they keep you engaged with gardening all-year round, but they also improve air quality indoors. While many indoor plants won’t give you a hard time growing them, they must receive proper care for them to thrive.
It is because there is a difference between growing plants in an ideal condition (as in a greenhouse) and growing them indoors. For you to achieve growing plants indoors, you must take a bit of adjustment.
For example, proper watering and the roles temperature and humidity play are the things to keep in mind for your indoor plant care. You must also not forget the appropriate lighting for your indoor plants. The ultimate trick is to imitate the condition of the plant’s natural habitat. Grow lights are what you need to attain this purpose.
Here’s an explanation of how grow lights help your indoor plants grow healthy.
Plants thrive and stay healthy through the chemical process called photosynthesis. In this process, there are closely related green pigments that are called chlorophyll, which help the plant grow and achieve its green color. When you have chlorophyll, water, nutrition, and the right amount of light, you will have no problem growing your plants.
But inside your home, there’s no sufficient light for you to grow plants, this is where grow lights enter into the equation.
Grow lights mimic daylight so your indoor plants will grow. They are essential for timing and forcing seedlings, growing plants in the winter, for commercial hydroponic plant production, and

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.805779
Retrieved Text: If there is anything plants need, it’s sunlight. Even indoor plants, which can generally thrive with less light, need sunlight of a certain amount. Because plants generate the energy they need to live from sunlight, via the process of photosynthesis, researching the sunlight needs of candidate plants is very important.
Make sure that if you have a home that is in a particularly shady area you pick plants that can thrive with less light. Likewise, if you have a particularly sunny environment make sure you get plants that thrive with lots of light; believe it or not, some plants can actually be hurt by too much light!
For most people, keeping up with the watering of plants is little more than a quick, daily chore. However, if your job has you out of the house frequently (or even travelling frequently), you’ll want to consider choosing different indoor plants for homes in Philadelphia. Most plants in multi-season climates cannot simply be treated with a set-and-forget approach. However, certain plants do require less attention than others.
If you’re unable to tend to your plants daily, consider building an indoor succulent garden. Succulents are often some of the best indoor plants for homes in Philadelphia simply because of how little watering they need. Succulents also tend to flourish without much need for re-potting.
What many people do not think of when picking out plants for their home is how the scent and color of a plant might affect their living space. Most of the time, plant scents are wonderful and refreshing, but sometimes

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.805758
Retrieved Text: rubber plants indoor rubber plant growing rubber plant ficus elastic indoors types of indoor rubber plants.
rubber plants rubber plants need only basic care to look this good.
rubber plants ficus in self watering.
rubber plants low light houseplants rubber plant ficus low light houseplants safe for pets.
rubber plants if your rubber plant is still small and or you want it to grow much or to grow slowly your plant may only need.
rubber plants rubber plant dark leaves ficus.
rubber plants rubber plant design people predict biggest trends photos.
rubber plants ficus rubber plant ficus.
rubber plants rubber plant rubber tree tree ficus.
rubber plants ficus rubber plant.
rubber plants ficus tricolour rubber plant.
rubber plants rubber plant information taking care of a rubber plant outdoors.
rubber plants rubber plant rubber plant my city plants.
rubber plants baby rubber plant 2 plants 6 tall ship in.
rubber plants ruby rubber plant.
rubber plants rubber plant black prince 1.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.748762
Retrieved Text: * IR(wavelength: 730nm): IR can help plants grow; UV(wavelength: 380nm): UV can help plants grow and kill insects. But they are very harmful to human beings, so we kindly suggest you do not use IR or UV in your grow lights, but we can add 1 or 2 pieces if you really need it in a specific situation .
1. The light contains no infrared ray or ultraviolet radiation.
2. We can customize LED grow light for you based upon your request.
3.16 years old of the following personnel must use under accompanied by an adult.
★【DESIGN】Compare to the old generation, The plant grow light is made of soft light bar, can be installed in anywhere with any shape,Add light to plant light, stipulate their photosynthesis; help plants absorb nutrients, especially some trace elements; shorten the growth cycle; prevent the rampant growth of plants. As its versatile design allows it to be used for more than just a grow light! perfect for bedrooms and other places.
★【 IMPROVE PLANT GROWTH And HEALTH 】 Blue(wavelength: 400nm ~ 520nm): Help plants grow; Red(wavelength: 610nm ~ 720nm): Help plant sprout and flowering , and is the key for flowering plants,To help accelerate the growth of indoor plants, succulent plants, flowering plants,potted plants, rapidly promoting leaves and flowers blooming.
★【HOW TO USE】3 strips grow light bar,50cm/strip, 6W/strip,DC 12V power supply adapter.you need connect male to female end,you can hook all of them together in one long string. The last one plugged into the cord that goes into the wall outlet. you can just use 1 or

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.748613
Retrieved Text: Free Shipping Included! Induxpert 600W LED Light for Plant Growth - Full Spectrum LED for Indoor Plants, Veg, Flowers - Includes Hanging Chain - for Greenhouse, Horticulture, Hydroponics - Powerful Flowering Grower's Light by INDUXPERT at Community Greenhouse. Hurry! Limited time offer. Offer valid only while supplies last. Get Faster Growing, Healthier Plants With the Induxpert 600W LED Light for growing plants!Ready to take your indoor plant growth to the next level?
Get Faster Growing, Healthier Plants With the Induxpert 600W LED Light for growing plants!
Ready to take your indoor plant growth to the next level? Our ground-breaking light ensures even complete beginners can have green thumbs when it comes to growing thriving, healthy plants and flowers indoors. This is perfect for hydroponics and indoor gardening.
Two switches for Vegetative or Flowering stages. Turn on both switches for Full Spectrum lighting.
It's time to 'see the light.' Get our LED Light today and see for yourself what a difference it can make in the growth and health of your plants.
The unique design of our unit promotes greater light-gathering!
Our integrated light source technology improves color uniformity and luminous efficiency!
Give your plants the light they need to grow faster and healthier.Get your LED light (or lights) today at our Special Launch Price!
Try this lamp for 90 days - if you don't love it, you can return it.
GROW YOUR PLANTS The Induxpert LED Light for plant growth includes switches for Vegetative and Flowering Settings to provide your plants with the light frequency they need at the various growth stages to realize their

================



======= Instance Index 18 =========
Input Text: Tunnels

Which is the correct answer?
- lead to less impacted soil
- pact down soil to make it denser
- firm up the ground
- help prevent the effects of erosion

Target Text: lead to less impacted soil

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 14.3543215
Retrieved Text: https://wholesale.painfulpleasures.com/notched-threaded-tunnels-stainless-steel-earlets-price-per-1.html?___store=2 2638 Notched Threaded Tunnels Stainless Steel Earlets - Price Per 1 https://cdnstoremedia.painfulpleasures.com/media/catalog/product/p/0/p033.jpg 2.75 2.75 USD InStock /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Tunnels /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Plugs & Tunnels by Size /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Plugs & Tunnels by Size/00g Plugs & 00g Tunnels (10mm) /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Plugs & Tunnels by Size/6g Plugs & Tunnels (4mm) /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Plugs & Tunnels by Size/4g Plugs & Tunnels (5mm) /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Plugs & Tunnels by Size/2g Plugs & Tunnels (6mm) /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Plugs & Tunnels by Size/0g Plugs & 0g Tunnels (8mm) /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Plugs & Tunnels by Size/7/16" to 15/16" Plugs & Tunnels (11-24mm) /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Plugs & Tunnels by Size/1" to 3" Plugs & Tunnels (25-50mm) /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Tunnels/Surgical Steel Tunnels 316L Stainless Steel Notched Threaded Tunnels Extremely Nice. Hand Polished with a brilliant shine. 12g-10mm plugs have a wearable area of 8mm 11mm - 25mm plugs have a wearable area of 10mm USD 2639 Notched Threaded Tunnels Stainless Steel Earlets - Price Per 1 - 11mm ~ 7/16" 3.25 3.25 https://cdnstoremedia.painfulpleasures.com/media/catalog/product/p/0/p033.jpg InStock 11mm ~ 7/16" 2640 Notched Threaded Tunnels Stainless Steel Earlets - Price Per 1 - 19mm ~ 3/4" 3.65 3.65 https://cdnstoremedia.painfulpleasures.com/media/catalog/product/p/0/p033.jpg InStock 19mm ~ 3/4" 2641 Notched Threaded Tunnels Stainless Steel Earlets - Price Per 1 - 22mm ~ 7/8" 3.75 3.75 https://cdnstoremedia.painfulpleasures.com/media/catalog/product/p/0/p033.jpg InStock 22mm ~ 7/8" 2642 Notched Threaded Tunnels Stainless Steel Earlets - Price Per 1 - 8mm ~ 0g 3 3 https://cdnstoremedia.painfulpleasures.com/media/catalog/product/p/0/p033.jpg InStock 8mm ~ 0g 2643 Notched Threaded Tunnels Stainless Steel

########
Rank: 1
Score: 14.108139
Retrieved Text: There are 6 primary works and 6 total works in the Tunnels Series Tunnels (Tunnels, #1) .. Deeper (Tunnels, #2) by Roderick Gordon (Goodreads Author) .
Tunnels is a subterranean fiction novel by British authors Roderick Gordon and Brian Williams.. .. was published in the UK on 18 May 2009 (in the United States on 1 .
Read and Download PDF Ebook terminal tunnels 6 roderick gordon at Online Ebook Library.
Roderick Gordon OverDrive (Rakuten OverDrive): eBooks .
Roderick self-published a book in 2005 called The Highfield Mole that caught the eye of .. Tunnels Series Book 6 Roderick Gordon Author Brian Williams Author (2013 .
View and read Tunnels pdf ebook free online before you .. The Tunnels is a book by Greg Mitchell on 2016-10-18.. .. Tunnels is a book by R.. Gordon,Roderick Gordon .
Kid's Books at Amazon - Millions of titles, new & used.
Search for Tunnels Roderick Gordon Pdf .
In this sixth and concluding book of the Tunnels series, .. 2007 Roderick Gordon; 2007 Brian Williams (P) .. 2018 Audible, Inc .
Roderick Gordon and Brian Williams first met at college in London and have remained friends .. Tunnels, Deeper, Freefall, and closer .. 18.. How does Cal react .

########
Rank: 2
Score: 14.055124
Retrieved Text: The Great Siege Tunnels of Gibraltar is a very interesting fortress - dug out from the solid limestone by the British during the Great Siege of Gibraltar at the end of the 18th century. The Great Siege - which lasted from 1779 to 1783 - was an attempt by France and Spain to capture Gibraltar from Great Britain during the American Revolutionary War. During World War II the tunnels were expanded so that the tunnels could house up to 16,000 men.
A vintage canon inside the Great Siege Tunnels of Gibraltar.
One of the long tunnels inside the Great Siege Tunnels of Gibraltar.
One of the many full-size figures inside the Great Siege Tunnels of Gibraltar.
A vintage canon outside the entrance to the Great Siege Tunnels of Gibraltar.
Some of the gun embrasures from the Great Siege Tunnels of Gibraltar - seen from the outside.
One of the many information posters inside the Great Siege Tunnels of Gibraltar.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.032574
Retrieved Text: SILVER FLAMES Tunnel Horn Organic Ear Jewelry - Price Per 1 .925 Sterling Silver is used for the Flames Please Note: All Natural Jewelry will vary slightly in color and size. We do our best to match up the two most alike. Since our Natural Line is made from the best Craftsman there is very little variations between pieces.
https://wholesale.painfulpleasures.com/silver-flames-tunnel-horn-organic-ear-jewelry-price-per-1.html?___store=2 2818 SILVER FLAMES Tunnel Horn Organic Ear Jewelry - Price Per 1 https://cdnstoremedia.painfulpleasures.com/media/catalog/product/o/r/org010.jpg 3.55 4.00 USD InStock /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels /Body Jewelry/Organic Body Jewelry /Body Jewelry/Organic Body Jewelry/Elementals Organic Horn Jewelry Collection /Body Jewelry/Organic Body Jewelry/Elementals Organic Horn Jewelry Collection/Organic Horn Tunnels /Body Jewelry/Organic Body Jewelry/Elementals Organic Horn Jewelry Collection/Organic Horn Plugs /Body Jewelry/Organic Body Jewelry/Gold, Bronze & Silver Organic Jewelry /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Tunnels/Organic Tunnels /Body Jewelry/Organic Body Jewelry/Gold, Bronze & Silver Organic Jewelry/Sterling Silver Jewelry /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Plugs/Organic Plugs/Horn Plugs /Sales/Body Jewelry/Organic Jewelry /Body Jewelry/Organic Body Jewelry/Organic Plugs & Tunnels /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Plugs /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Tunnels /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Plugs/Organic Plugs /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Plugs & Tunnels by Size /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Plugs & Tunnels by Size/00g Plugs & 00g Tunnels (10mm) /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Plugs & Tunnels by Size/0g Plugs & 0g Tunnels (8mm) /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Plugs & Tunnels by Size/7/16" to 15/16" Plugs & Tunnels (11-24mm) /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Tunnels/Organic Tunnels/Horn Tunnels /Sales/Under $5 /Sales/Under $10 /Sales/Under $15 /Sales/Under $20 /Sales/Body Jewelry SILVER FLAMES Tunnel Horn Organic Ear Jewelry - Price Per 1 .925 Sterling Silver is used for the Flames Please Note: All Natural Jewelry will vary

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.009252
Retrieved Text: Elementals Organic Horn Tunnels - Our Elementals Organics collection of horn tunnels for stretched ears and other stretched piercings includes a diverse assortment of natural horn tunnels in unique designs. Shop for organic horn tunnels with silver trim, horn eyelets with mother of pearl and bone inlay, flared horn tunnels for stretched ears, and other beautiful handmade organic horn tunnels. Each of the horn tunnels in this section has been hand-crafted by talented Indonesian artisans, so no two are exactly alike. We do our best to give you the two most similar horn tunnels when you purchase a pair. Note that most of our horn tunnels are sold individually, so be sure to add two to cart if you do want a pair of organic horn tunnels for your stretched lobes or other stretched piercings.
Maintain your organic horn tunnels for stretched ears by wiping them down with a damp cloth every week or so. You should also periodically massage jojoba oil into your horn tunnels to lock moisture in, prevent cracking and keep them looking beautiful for years to come.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 13.933562
Retrieved Text: "The light at the end of the tunnel is not an illusion. The tunnel is. "
There are many reported haunted tunnels located around the world. A tunnel is a passageway that is typically located underground. These passageways are considered to be quite long and are typically enclosed on each and every single side. Most tunnels have an opening at each particular end. There are many different types of tunnels located throughout our world. There are man-made tunnels that assist in traffic control, tunnels where water passes, tunnels established for endangered species, tunnels that assist in providing utilities to residential and business districts, tunnels for transportation such as underground subways, and tunnels that have been used secretly so that certain groups of individuals could move from one location to another safely. Throughout history, many people have experienced what they believe to be haunted tunnels.
There are many different stories in circulation about lost spirits, demonic spirits, and other types of paranormal based entities haunting tunnels. Many individuals have expressed the fact that they have visually observed spiritual based entities in these spaces. There are some that have felt an actual presence through the means of cold spots, or unexplained breezes. Many have heard sounds emerging from deep within tunnels where no logical explanation exists. These sounds include crying, screaming, laughing, talking, and even soft whispers. It is not at all unusual for a glimpse of a shadowy figure out of the corner of the eye to be experienced, or for an individual to experience an intense degree of

########
Rank: 6
Score: 13.8582325
Retrieved Text: Early Years Resources offers an exciting range of children's play tents, children's play tunnels and play shades for children at affordable prices.Our selection of play tents and tunnels are suitable for indoor and outdoor use in school settings, daycare settings and the home.
Our selection of children's play tunnels creates a sense of adventure and exploration and are suitable for indoor as well as outdoor use. Our play tunnel range includes zig-zag play tunnels, straight play tunnels, crawling play tunnels and heavy duty play tunnels.
Our selection of children's play tents are ideal for imaginative play in an outdoor or indoor setting. Our play tent range includes role play tents, play tents and tunnels sets, pop up play tents, dens and easy to assemble wigwams. Our play shades includes folding dens, pop up shades for infants and shade canopies in a variety of lengths.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 13.776056
Retrieved Text: You don’t have to dig very far to come up with a tunnel in Pittsburgh. No one knows for sure how many tunnels there are in the area, but we’ve got short pedestrian tunnels, railroad tunnels, major traffic tunnels, and everything in between. Our bridges get a lot of attention, but our tunnels are just as important for getting around, as any tunnel shutdown and the ensuing traffic nightmares illustrate.
The Liberty Tunnels, also known as the Liberty Tubes, are the oldest tunnels in Pittsburgh. At one time, they were the longest automobile tunnels in the world. They opened on March 23, 1924, and provided cars as well as horse-drawn wagons with a direct link from Downtown Pittsburgh to the South Hills instead of having to travel around Mt. Washington via the West End. They were named “Liberty” with a hope for lasting peace after the Allied victory in World War I. Ground was broken on the tunnels in December of 1919, and it would take excavation crews nearly four years to blast away more than 400,000 tons of rock and dirt to build the 5, 889 ft. tunnel.
The tunnel’s opening spurred an economic expansion in the South Hill, where real estate prices soon soared, and housing developments proliferated.
Unfortunately, five months after the tunnels opened, traffic congestion inside it caused a buildup of carbon monoxide. Twelve commuters were overcome with the gas, necessitating the quick installation of a ventilation system that continuously pumped fresh air into the tunnels.
Named for Joseph G. Armstrong, who was Allegheny County Commissioner

########
Rank: 8
Score: 13.76411
Retrieved Text: Houston has 7+ miles of underground tunnels! ... the tunnels have lots of services that appeal to office workers ... The Houston tunnel system is not open on weekends.
Jun 27, 2007 · Best Answer: What IS the Downtown Houston Tunnel System? Although the ... Does anyone know anything about the Houston TX Underground tunnels?
The Houston tunnel system is a network of subterranean, climate-controlled, pedestrian walkways that links 95 full city blocks 20 feet below Houston's downtown streets.
Posts about Houston Tunnel System written by houstonphotojourney. ... Tag: Houston Tunnel System Houston Underground Tunnels – My Tour With Houston Historical Tours!
... Houston's underground tunnels. ... Marriott TRAVELER brings the world's greatest ... explore the underground mall nestled in Houston's tunnel system.
Downtown Houston's tunnels comprise a multi million-dollar system that gives new meaning to the term "underground." Those who venture beneath the city will be delighted at what they find hidden there.
Tunnels and skyscrapers: Seeing Houston ... The great thing is that it's not just empty tunnels down there. The tunnel system ... Houston's underground tunnel system.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 13.745076
Retrieved Text: Bike touring in Norway means dealing with plenty of tunnels, some of them long, dark and narrow.
Happily there’s an excellent Map of Norwegian Tunnels to help you sort the bike-friendly tunnels from the ones to avoid.
The authors compiled the map after cycling in Norway and dealing with tunnels up to 24km long.
Tunnels open to cyclists and considered to be OK to cycle through. Tunnels open to cyclists but caution required. Tunnel closed or unsuitable for cyclists.
You can see the tunnel locations on an interactive map, download a POI file for your GPS and even search for the tunnels by road number.
The same couple also put together some excellent general notes on cycle touring in Norway.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 13.730303
Retrieved Text: Recently, when I was painfully scouring Youtube, looking for Mobile, Alabama-centric videos, I found tunnel videos.
YES- people are apparently fascinated with our tunnels and want to record and share video of driving through the tunnels.
I personally appreciate the tunnels. I am glad I don't have to take a boat to get over the river. But i am not fascinated by the tunnels, and often feel trapped and resentful when I find myself trapped in our frequent traffic jams that seem to always be somehow connected to the tunnels.
Below, you can watch a couple of videos by people who think our tunnels are worth watching.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 13.728827
Retrieved Text: Stories of Mysterious Tunnels and Subterranean ... secret military installations deep within mountains and perhaps underground, ... Tunnel Network Under California.
The Underground City Of The Lizard People - Weird U.S.
The Underground City Of The Lizard People. ... had also helped Shufelt map the location and extent of the underground tunnels. ... Weird California .
secret underground tunnels los angeles ... and unusual things to do in Los Angeles, California from Underground Tunnels of Los Angeles to Rosenheim Mansion.
Jun 14, 2016 · Exploration of secret abandoned hidden tunnels ... Secret Abandoned Hidden Tunnels Needles Battery ... Box Mine Wiltshire miles of underground tunnels!
Nine suspected drugs runners have been arrested in Mexico after soldiers discovered a secret underground tunnel close to the border crossing for San Diego, California.
Photos of secret underground cross-border smuggling routes between Mexico and US. Dozens of tunnels have been found along the US-Mexico border in recent years, mostly in California and Arizona.
Now now everyone anonymous is secretly working for the underground facility and its so top secret that he cant use his name, or it will blow his cover.
The Story Behind Southern California's Underground Tunnel Will Fascinate You. Few people are aware that beneath its sunny topside appearance, Los Angeles is hiding a network of secret tunnels that once served as a haven for bootleggers and partiers during the Prohibition era.
COMPLETE LIST of Military Underground ... 38°53.5'N 77°02.0'W–The secret NOD underground installation which is ... It to has huge underground tunnels.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 13.708744
Retrieved Text: Active transit tunnels are especially alluring sites to those who ride through them every day, but abandoned tunnels once used by passenger or freight trains hold a charm of their own.
What constitutes a transit tunnel?
A tunnel which was originally built for the purpose of facilitating traffic. This includes automobile tunnels, freight train tunnels, subway tunnels, and even covered waterways. People who like exploring transit tunnels also usually like exploring the stations between the tunnels.
How much risk is there of getting caught?
A fair bit, if you're using tunnels that are still in use. Exercise extreme caution while entering and exiting the tunnels, paying attention not only to the eyes of other passengers but also to surveillance cameras. These cameras are installed to monitor for violence, not to watch for tunnel runners, but it's still wise to stay out of their line of vision.
Toronto Transit Commission (TTC) Security officers are sworn as 'special constables' of the Metro Toronto Police Service. The plainclothes officers have powers of a police officer and can enforce the Criminal Code, the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act, the Liquor Licence Act and Section 17 of the Mental Health Act within the TTC system. So they could arrest you.
According to an article in the Toronto Sun, the fine for being caught in Toronto's subway tunnels is a mere $63.75. This seems low, and the TTC's by-laws suggest a more realistic sum of $500.
How much risk is there of getting injured?
There is a very good chance of getting killed when exploring still-in-use subway tunnels, though that

########
Rank: 13
Score: 13.695425
Retrieved Text: IDF's Yoav Mordechai evades question when asked by PA news agency if Israel is responsible for collapse of Hamas's tunnels.
Major General Yoav Mordechai, the Coordinator of Government Activities in the Territories (COGAT), on Wednesday night gave an interview to the Palestinian Arab Ma’an news agency, in which he discussed Hamas’s terror tunnels.
The interview took place in the wake of the recent collapses of several of Hamas’s tunnels. On Wednesday night, a tunnel collapsed in the Zeitoun neighborhood - the third time a tunnel collapsed in a week and the second time in as many days.
During the interview, Mordechai warned that Hamas’s digging of tunnels leading into Israel will bring death and destruction to Gaza and its population, but said the tunnels do not pose a strategic threat to Israel.
Hamas, Mordechai told Ma’an, is building "tunnels of death" at the expense of Gaza's residents by taking construction materials that enter Gaza and using them to build tunnels instead of rebuilding damaged homes.
He also noted that during the past year and a half, Israel has allowed the entry of 3.5 million tons of construction materials into Gaza through the Kerem Shalom crossing. Israel continues to transfer humanitarian aid, goods and construction materials into Gaza, despite constant claims by Hamas that it is imposing a “siege” on the region.
Mordechai suggested that Gazans stay away from the tunnels "especially after what happened a few days ago after the collapse of a tunnel."
He was then asked whether Israel had a hand in the collapse of the tunnels, a question which he

########
Rank: 14
Score: 13.677141
Retrieved Text: On model railways tunnels are often used to hide things which may make a layout look unrealistic. You will have probably noticed that allot of layouts have tunnels to hide steep curves in the track which are unrealistic. Tunnels are often used as a divide between the layout and the fiddle yard.... 15/11/2008 · http://modelrr.oakviewresources.com/ This is Part 2 of a short tutorial on how I made tunnels tunnels for my model railroad.
This is an O-gauge/scale model train layout that was featured in a model train museum in New Jersey. It is fairly large and highly detailed. It consists of several O-gauge trains that run around different tracks and is quite a scenery when the model layout is active. It features a tall mountain track and tunnels where multiple trains can pass through. Each of the scenery models such as how to make air conditioner with compressor Buy G Scale Tunnels, Walls, and Bridges and other model trains from Reynaulds.com. Your Model Train Superstore.
O Scale Model Railroad Buildings Tunnels and Bridges Model and toy trains come in different sizes or scales with HO scale being one of the commonly used ones. Model railroad structures, tunnels, and bridges in O or HO help turn a loop of track with a toy on it into a … how to make a model roblox 14/05/2013 · A constructive tutorial on how to create a OO gauge tunnel from start to completion. Using DIY material as well as modelling products. Including tips and advice,Landscaping,painting and flocking.
Hobbylinc carries over 200 model

########
Rank: 15
Score: 13.659314
Retrieved Text: Subject Architecture -- History. Architecture -- History -- Colorado. Tunnels -- Colorado. Colorado -- History, Local.
Notes "Have you ever seen a manhole cover with little glass circles in it and wondered why it was different from the others? Did you ever imagine that there were actually tunnels under the sidewalks? You'll be surprised to find out how many cities in Colorado had these tunnels. And they're still under our streets! Those manhold covers imbedded with glass circles, many that have turned purple with age, allowed light into the tunnels below. The Tunnels Under Our Feet explores these tunnels, or what's left of them, with lively prose and interesing historical stories." -- from back cover.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 13.652444
Retrieved Text: OUTLAW EAGLE MANUFACTURING :: View topic - Lotsa Tunnels and a Sport!
Lotsa Tunnels and a Sport!
Posted: Sun Mar 11, 2007 12:24 pm Post subject: Lotsa Tunnels and a Sport!
those tunnels are so sick!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 13.644102
Retrieved Text: The district of Cu Chi is located in Saigon, Vietnam. The Cu Chi tunnels were constructed in the 1940’s during the Indochina War and expanded in the 1960’s during the Vietnam War. The tunnels provided a sneaky and faster way for the Viet Cong to accomplish their goals and confuse their opponents. The earth and environment gave Vietnam a better chance at victory because of the natural environment and the geography of Cu Chi. The soil and forest gave the Viet Cong a big advantage to stabilize the tunnels.
Cu Chi has a small population of peasants who relies on man power and agricultural produce for daily needs with no advanced technology or any major buildings. It was a very peaceful and beautiful land. “Cu Chi used to be a green area of intense agriculture, especially rice paddies, orchards, nut trees, and rubber plantations” (Mangold, 1985, 34). In 1940’s when France occupied Vietnam, tension rose when Ho Chi Minh wanted independence. As a result, France and Vietnam fought for eight long years known as the Indochina War. Vietnam was not a match to the French army whom was fully armed with aircrafts and more advance guns. Therefore, North Vietnam (the Viet Minh) engaged in guerilla warfare by fighting in small groups and conducting surprise attacks because of their lack in advanced military technology. Having limited military materials, the Viet Minh started digging tunnels in Cu Chi, now known as the Cu Chi tunnels. After the eight years of fighting, the French loss heavily and gave up due

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.627251
Retrieved Text: Since the beginning of vertical wind tunnels, the technology involved has taken large steps forward making indoor skydiving an enjoyable and safe sport. This article covers the basic big picture concepts behind modern wind tunnels. The list starts with older technology and moves on to newer and now common technology.
Vertical wind tunnel flying has it's roots in propeller below flying systems. Many of the earliest tunnels used a propeller below system for the simplicity and low cost.
The basic idea behind the propeller below system is a large prop spinning below a net creating a vertical wind flow after the propeller. Many tunnels of this type use loud engines like old DC3 airplane engines. This system is the simplest vertical wind tunnel design, but comes with drawbacks. By flying on the air flow after the prop, you are flying in turbulent air. You are also exposed to the heat from outside/the engine powering the prop.
Propeller above tunnels employ the same concept of using a prop to move wind, but instead of placing the chamber after a single prop in relation to the airflow, the chamber comes before the prop. This could also be described as the air being pulled through the flight chamber rather than pushed through.
Open flow tunnels are similar in design to propeller above tunnels, except the utilize multiple engines at the top to pull air through the flight chamber. These tunnels are open to the elements and there are only a few in the world located in areas with temperate climates.
Due to the multiple

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.617473
Retrieved Text: The Cool Runners Textured PVC Tunnels are made out of 19.75 oz., 670 GSM (grams per square meter) PVC material that is rot- and UV-resistant. The tunnels are excellent Heavy-duty tunnels for training and competitive purposes. All tunnels are 24" in diameter. Each model has a 8"-pitch (pitch is the distance between the reinforcing wire rings on the tunnel).
Our 19oz fabric is hard wearing and ideally suited for large dogs.
We offer 10'-long and 15'-long tunnels.
Due to international demand some products sell out quickly in season. contact us to reserve product in advance.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 13.569178
Retrieved Text: Tunnels are integral to our nation’s transportation infrastructure. They provide main routes in and out of a region and can be an attractive target for any attack. Most domes-tic tunnels were not designed with explosives attacks in mind; however, a well-placed explosive device could have catastrophic results, with flooding as a major concern for underwater tunnels. The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Science and Technology Directorate (S&T) conducted research to identify ways to reinforce our tunnels and shield them from potential threats. S&T’s Protective Measures and Design Tool project developed and tested flexible concrete mats that can be used to protect underwater tunnels.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 13.54793
Retrieved Text: A Palestinian man lowers himself into a 12m-long shaft leading to a network of tunnels. Palestinians use a system of tunnels beneath the Gaza-Egyptian border for travel and arms smuggling. Both the Israeli Defense Force and the Palestinian police have moved to uncover tunneling activity.
Palestinian men line up at 2am at the Erez checkpoint for work in Israel; many are refused entry. Palestinians use a system of tunnels beneath the Gaza-Egyptian border for travel and arms smuggling. Both the Israeli Defense Force and the Palestinian police have moved to uncover tunneling activity.
Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigade fighters transport weapons that have been brought into Gaza through the tunnels. Palestinians use a system of tunnels beneath the Gaza-Egyptian border for travel and arms smuggling. Both the Israeli Defense Force and the Palestinian police have moved to uncover tunneling activity.
Palestinian Authority special police tracing and uncovering connecting tunnels. Palestinians use a system of tunnels beneath the Gaza-Egyptian border for travel and arms smuggling. Both the Israeli Defense Force and the Palestinian police have moved to uncover tunneling activity.
A pistol, smuggled from Egypt. Palestinians use a system of tunnels beneath the Gaza-Egyptian border for travel and arms smuggling. Both the Israeli Defense Force and the Palestinian police have moved to uncover tunneling activity.
A man enters the 'eye' of a tunnel, concealed beneath floor tiles and covered by a carpet in a girl's bedroom. Palestinians use a system of tunnels beneath the Gaza-Egyptian border for travel and arms smuggling. Both the Israeli Defense Force and the Palestinian police have moved to

########
Rank: 22
Score: 13.536112
Retrieved Text: THE TUNNELS SERIES ARE AVAILABLE IN PAPERBACK ($6.99 EACH) AND DIGITAL ($2.99 EACH).
FOR KIDS AGES 7 - 11.
NICK BAZEBAHL AND THE FORBIDDEN TUNNELS is book 1 in the TUNNELS series.
12 year old Nick has lost his memory. He finds himself stuck in a nightmarish world, but he’s not dreaming. He escapes from a strange reformatory only to come upon an even stranger place where he is teamed up with a partner and given an assignment. They slide down a forbidden tunnel and begin their odd and mysterious mission.
Sliding through tunnel after tunnel gets him in and out of more trouble. He attempts a mission by himself and finds he can break through barriers including invisibility.
On his third mission he teams up with Samantha, a friend from school, regains his memory and slips through a final tunnel to find his way back to his family. What treasures does he bring back? What discoveries did he make? Will he go again?
NICK BAZEBAHL AND THE RED TUNNELS is book 2 in the TUNNELS series.
After working together in book one to save banned books like Huck Finn, Treasure Island and even Harry Potter, Nick and Samantha explore “red” books in this adventure. Their journey together strengthens their friendship and evens out their personal competition.
Wild dogs, wolves and mountain lions can’t keep Nick from completing each mission, but when he teams up with Samantha he can’t get past one particular obstacle and Sam edges ahead of Nick in a challenge he forfeits.
Problems arise when little sister, Gracie, disrupts the race and

########
Rank: 23
Score: 13.514572
Retrieved Text: The Hovermap drone technology gathers data as it flies through mines and tunnels, which can then be processed on a laptop to generate 3D maps of the environment.
We build tunnels for highways, railroads, subways and rapid transit systems. We construct tunnels, shafts and other facilities for water supply and wastewater transport. We develop and equip underground mines for coal, salt, copper, gold and other minerals. We design and install innovative hoisting, elevator and vertical conveyance systems.
Massive, Multi-Level Mines With Extensive Tunnels Play all. ... Exploring Abandoned Mines - Channel. Subscribe Subscribed Unsubscribe. Stasis or flux? - Channel.
Underground in Charlotte, North Carolina, there are abandoned tunnels and old gold mining shafts left over from a gold rush in the 1830s. Little is preserved of this part of the city’s history.
R7. The only vehicle that can handle any terrain. A mix of technology and hydraulics.
On the way to the Old Gold Mines village. (Click for larger image) Hike to ‘Gold Mountain’ ... Trip reports and photos: War Tunnels and the old Gold Mines. Photos and reports from previous hikes and visits. Hiking photos - War Tunnels and Lost Village, 2009/12/03.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 13.4704075
Retrieved Text: Home Latest Roofing News & Offers Sun tunnels: What is a sun tunnel and which sun tunnel is right for me?
Sun tunnels: What is a sun tunnel and which sun tunnel is right for me?
Sun tunnels are an inexpensive solution to bringing light into a home where there is limited space for a rooflight. They feature a panel that sits discretely on the outside of a roof, a highly reflective tube channeling sunlight into the room, and a diffuser that disperses light naturally.
Sun tunnels can be installed on both flat roofs and pitched roofs, providing a good all-round solution for dark bathrooms, loft spaces or small home offices. They are also beneficial in hallways and corridors, reducing electricity bills by introducing natural sunlight. This product can pay for itself!
Which sun tunnel is right for me?
Rigid sun tunnels consist of one straight tube to direct light where you need it. These tunnels can’t be bent or angled but will give you the most light transmission as the light travels in one motion to reach its destination. Rigid sun tunnels are the most common choice for applications where the tube is installed through an empty roof space into rooms below.
Flexible sun tunnels incorporate a bent or angled tube, reducing the amount of light that enters a room. However, because of the way that light bounces off the reflective insides of the tube, you can get around any obstructions that prevent you from using a rigid alternative. For example, if your loft space features aircon units or services, you

########
Rank: 25
Score: 13.465374
Retrieved Text: Othello Tunnels Engagement Red Dress Pre Wedding shoot - Best Vancouver wedding photographer Jozef Povazan Photography studio.
Othello Tunnels Engagement Red Dress Pre Wedding shoot photographed by Vancouver wedding photographer Jozef Povazan Photography. Epic location great couple G+A rocked this dramatic scenery of tunnels, wild river and steep cliffs.
Location: Othello Tunnels, Hope, BC V0X 1L0, Canada.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 13.464292
Retrieved Text: Racing air tunnels optimize air flow to the air box to maximize ram effect and horsepower. Our tunnels are fabricated from super thin fiberglass to comply with US racing regulations. The inner surface of the tunnels is lined with a smooth surfacer to enhance air flow. Each tunnel weighs only 5 ounces (140 gms).
Tunnels are designed to fit with the OEM fairing intake shape and will even fit the stock fairing. Sold as a pair.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.449384
Retrieved Text: If you are in need of a spooky thrill look no further than the tunnels running under the former Northville Regional Psychiatric Hospital, now informally known as the Northville Tunnels. Be extra careful when exploring, it is extremely dangerous and could result in injury or death. The tunnels are underground and can easily be located.
You can find the tunnels on Sheldon &, Canton Center inbetween Plymouth and Northville.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.448233
Retrieved Text: Congressional Republicans and Democrats espouse a policy toward Iran that takes Israel into account; results of the 2014 elections may induce the Obama administration to consult more with Congress and Israel; they are concerned about lack of intelligence on tunnels in Gaza and Iran.
With Iranian assistance and funding, tunnels in Gaza displayed Tehran’s efforts to threaten Israel. By secretly helping its ally, Hamas—the Islamist movement that rules Gaza, build tunnels, Iran laid a predicate for the 2014 Gaza War.
There has been a resumption of tunneling in the aftermath of fighting. Hamas officials publicly acknowledge resumption of tunnel construction. The Israeli military estimates it cost Hamas $90 million to build 32 tunnels uncovered. The average tunnel required 350 truckloads of construction supplies; contrary to using these materials in building schools, hospitals, and housing, Hamas used them for tunnels.
After the 2008 Gaza War, Iran aided rehabilitation of infrastructure damaged in the fighting. During the Muslim Brotherhood one-year rule in Egypt, 2012-2013, Iran accelerated transfer rockets to Gaza by sea, land (Sinai and Sudan), and underground tunnels from Sinai.
Another Iranian ally, Hezbollah, may have an underground tunnel network leading into Israel’s north, which could be used to conduct an enormous terror attack on residents along the Israel-Lebanon border.
In Terror Tunnels, Alan Dershowitz makes a strong case for Israel’s “just war” against Hamas. The 2014 War in Gaza required use of Israeli ground forces to gain access to the tunnels and shut them down. Israel was unable to determine their routes and exit ramps in advance because they were too

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.444336
Retrieved Text: The perennial favourite, our range of cat tunnels is sure to delight kittens, adolescents and older cats alike. The fun designs and colours will keep them entertained for hours. From leopard print play tunnels to army print and even plush cream, our cat play tunnels store away neatly when not in use. In a range of both smooth or crinkly fabrics, we've seen cats in the Me & My Pets team play for literally hours in these tunnels, until wearing themselves out and falling asleep! Some of our tunnels have fun hanging toys to really add another level to the fun! Hide some treats inside the tunnel to encourage play!

================



======= Instance Index 19 =========
Input Text: A fire starts in a wide, open field and catches onto a forest. The fire started even though people were far away from the woods. A potential cause for the start of it could have been

Which is the correct answer?
- wind
- sand
- stones
- storms

Target Text: storms

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 41.20227
Retrieved Text: Blue skies, low humidity and a near-constant wind have been the norm of late. Ideal conditions if one has outdoor work to do or if visiting Otsego County for a golf vacation, but the same weather conditions spell trouble for area firefighters whom have been called out to several grass and field fires in recent days. The fire danger in Otsego and surrounding counties has ranged in the very high to extreme range, and burn permits have not been allowed for some time - yet the fires continue.
Meteorologists at the National Weather Service office near Waters offer a slight chance for some short-term relief, as the forecast calls for a chance of scattered showers and thunderstorms tonight and Thursday.
The Otsego County Fire Dept. (OCFD) and Michigan Dept. of Natural Resources (DNR) were called out Sunday afternoon to a wind-driven fire that raced across approximately four acres of open field north of Island View Road (near Big Lake) in Chester Township. The OCFD responded with two tank-er trucks, a pumper and manpower, while the DNR brought two water units as well as a small bulldozer used to dig a trench-like firebreak a-round the perimeter of the fire area. Overhead a DNR pilot circled the scene to offer directional assistance to ground crews. Cause of the fire remains under investigation.
On Monday shortly after 5 p.m. the same departments were on the roll again, this time to a 6 to 7-acre field fire behind a residence at 3765 Nowak Road (between Poquette and Kosiara roads) in Livingston Township. Due

########
Rank: 1
Score: 40.886147
Retrieved Text: Question 1 What is a matchstick?
Question 2 A matchstick does not catch fire and burn on its own.Why?
Question 3 Kerosene oil and wood do not catch fire on their own at room temperature.Why?
Question 4 Can u burn a piece of wood by bringing a lightened matchstick near it.Explain?
Question 5 Cooking oil in a frying pan catches fire when the frying pan is kept over a burning stove for a long time.Explain?
Question 6 A matchstick can light a tiny splinter of wood but not a big log of wood.Why?
Question 7 Coal fire cannot by started by using a lightened matchstick directly?Why?
Question 8 Why do you have to use paper or kerosene oil to start fire in wood or coal?
Question 9 Why forest fires occur during the hottest summer days.Explain?
Question 10 It is difficult to burn a heap of green leaves but dry leaves catch fire easily.Why?
A matchstick does not catch fire and burn on its own at room temperature because the ignition temperature of matchstick is higher than the room temperature.A matchstick starts burning on rubbing it on the side of the matchbox because the heat produced by friction heats the chemical at the head of the matchstick to their ignition temperature and makes it catch fire.
Kerosene oil and wood do not catch fire on their own at room temperature because the ignition temperature of kerosene oil and wood are higher than the room temperature.If kerosene is heated little it will catch fire easily because kerosene oil has a comparatively low ignition temperature which is reached even

########
Rank: 2
Score: 37.827717
Retrieved Text: The Lava River Tube in Flagstaff Arizona is a nearly mile-long cave located in the scenic Coconino National Forest. Its only about an hour away from the South Rim of the Grand Canyon. If you plan on visiting the Grand Canyon, this hike should be at the very top of your list of things to see. I would say this hike is definitely suitable for young children as long as they can be careful at the rocky entrance. I probably wouldn't plan on hauling a baby or your feeble old grandmother though. There's no gift shop on this hike and you're on your own if you run into trouble.
The entrance to the cave is short quarter mile hike from the parking area. The temperature in the cave ranges between 32-40 degrees Fahrenheit, so bring a jacket. There was actually snow and ice on the ground at the entrance to the cave in early October. The hike into the cave starts with a 200 yard rock scramble down into the actual tube. You won't have a tour guide and the cave is not lit, so you must have a light source. I recommend a buying a few cheap headlamps from Wal-Mart. After a few hundred yards, the cave eventually levels out. We spent an 30 minutes walking deeper and deeper into the cave. You can't get lost because the only fork in the cave leads right back to the main tube. The height of the ceiling can range anywhere from 4 feet to over 40. I took

########
Rank: 3
Score: 37.09015
Retrieved Text: Wildfires in Brazil are often started by loggers as a means of claiming territory and displacing tribes.
Fires – almost certainly started by logging gangs – are raging across large areas of Maranhão state in Brazil. Despite global calls for action to protect the rare pre-Amazon forest and local uncontacted Awá tribespeople from being wiped out, so far the authorities have done very little to contain the blaze.
The fires were started approximately two weeks ago. Local Awá Indians have made repeated efforts to extinguish them, only to find more fires starting nearby. This pattern indicates conscious human efforts to set the forest alight, rather than natural dry season wildfires. Elsewhere in Brazil, loggers have been known to start fires to try and force indigenous people from the land.
This fire follows on from a similar incident in Arariboia Indigenous Territory last month, which was only extinguished long after it had started. It is believed that that fire was also started by loggers on the territory of a group of uncontacted Awá.
The Maranhão state government has sent only minimal support to the region to save the forest and the local Awá. This is consistent with its past attitudes towards tribes, and may be the result of close ties between some local and regional government officials and the powerful logging mafia.
In a speech to ranchers earlier this year, Maranhão state deputy Fernando Furtado said that Amazonian Indians are “a bunch of little gays” and that they should die of hunger. Racist attitudes of this sort are not uncommon even amongst

########
Rank: 4
Score: 36.368137
Retrieved Text: The 416 Fire burns Saturday on the south side of the Hermosa Creek drainage past the Hermosa Creek Campgrounds.
The San Juan National Forest is set to close Tuesday for the first time since the forest was designated a national forest more than a hundred years ago.
The San Juan National Forest will be closed indefinitely.
Extreme fire danger conditions, which have resulted in two raging wildfires on the San Juan National Forest, prompted the closure, which prohibits most entry into the forest.
As of Monday, the 416 Fire north of Durango has ripped through more than 22,130 acres around the Hermosa Creek drainage, while the Burro Fire has rapidly grown to more than 1,000 acres northeast of Dolores.
No causes of the fires have been officially determined as of Monday, Hooley said.
The San Juan National Forest covers more than 1.8 million acres across nine counties in Southwest Colorado, with thousands of miles of back roads and hundreds of miles of trails.
The closure order, which is enacted through Stage 3 fire restrictions, closes forest campgrounds, day-use areas, roads and trails. Hiking, dispersed camping and other recreational activities are also not allowed.
While the two active fires were taken into consideration when opting to close the forest, other factors went into the decision, such as weather conditions, fire fighting resources available and fuel moisture level.
Hooley said forest managers are well aware of the impact the closure will have on the community.
County and state roads and U.S. highways that cross Forest Service lands will not be affected by this order.
Columbine Ranger District: (970) 884-2152.
Dolores

########
Rank: 5
Score: 36.072334
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Photographers Phorum' started by Rooftree, Feb 11, 2019.
There's been a brief discussion on the Pygmy Pine Plains on another post. I thought a new post would be best showing a few photos of an aftermath of a fire as the Pine Plains are dependent on fire for its survival. It appears the seeds from serotinous cones were able to germinate better in the turned up soil in a fire break than elsewhere. These photos were taken back in January 2013 before I became a member of this site. The area is just south of Bombing Range Road, west of RT 539, and east of Governors Branch. I'm not sure if this is a result of a forest fire or a control burn. I believe I read once though, that a fire from a control burn is not hot enough to open a serotinous cones.
John, Boyd and bobpbx like this.
I recall seeing that in Bass River state forest as well Ron. I suppose it could be that the duff on the forest floor (outside of the ditch) keeps the seeds from reaching the soil.
The red outline was my *guess* of the area that burned.
Unfortunately many of the photos in that thread went away when the NJPB gallery was phased out. Here are a few of mine.
And the "ash vortex" was one of the coolest things I've ever seen in the pines.
John, bobpbx, Rooftree and 2 others like this.
That was a great fire. I remember we had quite a few photos and discussions about it.
Bob, you

########
Rank: 6
Score: 35.78122
Retrieved Text: In Part One (April 2009) Makeev told of his efforts to develop a smokejumper program in the Soviet Union in 1934 and to convince the Head of Forest Protection that it could be done safely and effectively. In spite of negative reports from his superiors, Makeev was given approval to further develop the smokejumper program in 1936.
In Part Two (July 2009) Makeev designed and developed the necessary equipment for the program, and the first fire jumps were made. An accident during training almost stoped the program but Makeev convinced his superiors to let him continue.
Thanks to Bruce Ford (MSO-75) and Tony Pastro (FBX-77) for their translation of this historic document.
Whoever has been in the far north in the winter knows the harsh beauty of the Archangel region in the months of November and December. It made a great impression on me when I arrived in Kotlas in the winter of 1937. The violet expanse of boundless forests under low-floating clouds, bright white sparkling snow harmonized so with each other. The harshness of the far north was in the air.
The newly-organized Northern Base of Forest Aviation huddled at that time in a small room in the city of Kotlas. The meeting with Levin was most heartfelt, most joyful. Having lived through the summer and endured challenges, we had become still closer.
We decided to organize a school near the village of Krasnoborsk. Parachutes and other materials were packed on trucks, and I went with them to Krasnoborsk. The trucks ran along the smooth, transparent ice of the river,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 35.73976
Retrieved Text: REDDING, Calif. (AP) - Wildfires in rural California burned more than five square miles of territory Friday and prompted evacuations but no homes were in immediate danger, officials said.
A blaze that erupted Friday afternoon near Redding in Northern California burned 2,500 acres of foothill brush and oak in an area of widely scattered homes and ranches.
The fire in the community of Igo was just 10 percent contained but it was moving north into even less populated areas, Shasta County sheriff’s Sgt. Rob Sandbloom said.
“There’s nothing in the immediate fire path that’s going to affect any homes. It’s just burning in open country,” he said late Friday night.
An evacuation order was in place near a two-lane country road that serves as the main way in and out of the area.
Four nearby homes containing several dozen people were evacuated as a precaution but there could be other houses whose residents refused to leave, he said.
The fire was feeding on tinder-dry vegetation, state fire spokesman Dennis Mathisen said.
“We’re seeing fire conditions … that we wouldn’t normally see until August or early September,” he said.
About 280 firefighters were on the scene but the work was challenging because the fire seemed to be heading into steeper areas.
“They still have a lot of work ahead of them,” Mathisen said.
In Central California, an 800-acre fire burned in a remote wilderness area of the Sequoia National Forest.
The forest where the fire started is south of and separate from the Sequoia National Park east of Fresno, which is famous for its giant Sequoia trees.
The fire

########
Rank: 8
Score: 35.69279
Retrieved Text: Fireworks in Craig didn’t happen on the 4th of July. That’s because a fire started about 30 miles northwest of Craig. Craig Fire Rescue Captain Doug Willems spoke to KRAI right after the fireworks were cancelled.
A wildfire sparked Monday in Routt National Forest, about 13 miles northeast of Steamboat. It was near Teal Lake, and it burned about 30 acres. But the U.S. Forest Service says it is about 40 percent contained. It’s called the Chedsey Fire. The firefighters working it are conducting a burnout which means they’ll ignite vegetation to help secure the perimeter of the fire according to a Twitter Post from the Medicine Bow-Routt National Forest. The fire is burning in a heavy area of beetle kill trees.
Another very big fire right now is near Basalt. It was started at a shooting range, with people shooting tracer rounds, despite a Stage 2 fire ban in Eagle County that bans that type of ammunition. The two suspects have been issued a court summons in lieu of arrests. At least 500 homes have been evacuated at Lake Christine near Basalt. At least 2,500 acres have burned.
And the Spring Fire in southern Colorado has burned about 90 square miles now, and more than 100 homes have been destroyed. The man accused of starting it has been arrested. He is from Denmark and was living in the United States illegally, on an expired visa.
A fire is also burning near the base of the Grand Mesa. It’s called the Brandon Ditch Fire.
A body was discovered Wednesday near Soda

########
Rank: 9
Score: 35.643536
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Wildfires' started by Mick West, Nov 9, 2018.
The "Camp" fire has not made much of a dent in the national news yet, but I suspect that will change as it gets light. Hundreds, possibly thousands of homes were destroyed in a single day by a fire that started just yesterday morning and is still going.
Driven by high winds, the fire has devastated the medium sized town of Paradise (population 27,000), Butte County, California. There's many accounts of people forced suddenly from their home, then driving, riding, or running through flames to safety. Some deaths will be expected, but it's a chaotic situation right now.
For a conspiracy point of view, it depends on what the theorists perspective is. It's either an attempted distraction from Trump's problems, or it's some symptom of geoengineering, from which the other news is a distraction.
Of course it's really just the weather, geography, and perhaps an unfortunate place to have so many houses.
The Woolsey fire near Los Angeles is also very serious. Three of my friends have been evacuated from their houses, with flames visible down the street.
That's the area I lived in when I moved to the US. There were fires that year. Like this year it was driven by the Santa Ana winds, which will blow the fires south to the ocean, towards Malibu.
Dane Wigington is already saying this "geoengineering"
California is yet again ablaze, even in November. "Official sources" have tried to convince the masses that the record raging wildfires are because we are not cutting down enough trees,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 35.572277
Retrieved Text: A hike into the heart of the Eight Lakes Basin takes you on a tour of area burned by the B&B Complex 15 years ago.
If you’ve ever traveled across Santiam Pass toward Bend, there’s a good chance you’ve seen the scar left by a catastrophic wildfire that raged 15 years ago this month.
The 90,000-acre B&B Complex ripped across the forest between Mount Jefferson and Mount Washington in 2003 with a fury that stunned fire managers and ushered in a new era of wildfire in Oregon.
Today, the Cascade Crest remains marked by a graveyard of dead trees visible along U.S. Highway 20 as you drive over the mountain pass.
Yet the sight of dead trees can be misleading. Below the burned-out snags, a rich mosaic of life is regenerating on the forest floor.
One of the best places to experience the wildfire’s aftermath is a hike or backpacking trip into the fabled Eight Lakes Basin — an ideal autumn adventure.
These alpine lakes were once among the most commonly visited places in Mount Jefferson Wilderness. But in one night — seriously, a single night — the B&B Complex torched the entire basin.
The Eight Lakes were among the most impacted places in the aftermath of B&B. And it certainly shows, with most of the lakes still surrounded by an ocean of dead or burned out trees.
The hike, however, takes you through a wonderful combination of fire impacts.
I started at the Duffy Lake Trailhead and on a 15-mile tour explored a wide array of forest types within the burn zone — islands

########
Rank: 11
Score: 35.31218
Retrieved Text: When you’re lighting a fire with a flint and steel or other striker that makes fire from sparks, char cloth is your friend. Char cloth can make the difference between getting a fire started and just throwing sparks around. Char cloth is blackened fabric that catches a spark, starts burning, and won’t blow out until it’s burned out. It works kind of like charcoal, but it burns faster and it’s far easier to light. You want some in your fire starting supplies, and it is super easy to make, so let’s get started.
100% cotton fabric. The looser weave the better. Jersey t-shirt material will work, but it doesn’t catch spark as well as terry (towel material) or my favorite, monk’s cloth (I purchased mine at Wal-Mart). You can use your old towels for this project as long as they are 100% cotton. I’ve heard that any natural fiber fabric would work (silk, linen, hemp, etc.), but haven’t tried any except cotton. Polyester, rayon, spandex and the like are not natural fibers. Don’t use those.
Can for cooking the fabric. I used an old chocolate sampler can–similar to an altoids can. You can also use a cleaned out vegetable can with foil for a lid or a little larger container like the holiday cookie tins. Punch an air hole in the lid of your can for the smoke to escape.
Heat source. I like a fire. It’s cheap and fast. You can also use a camp stove or your gas grill or other similar cooking device.
Step 1: Cut your

########
Rank: 12
Score: 35.256355
Retrieved Text: SCVHistory.com | Lake Hughes | Helicopter Burns, Crew Badly Injured in 9,300-Acre Brush Fire, August 1951.
Fire Blackens 9,300 Acres of San Francisquito, Lake Communities.
3-Man Crew Badly Injured When Helicopter Catches Fire.
Incident Late August 1951 | News Reports.
Flames on Wide Front Unchecked.
Los Angeles Times | Monday, August 27, 1951.
Three men were severely burned, a helicopter and pickup truck were destroyed and a lookout tower was razed yesterday atop Grass Mountain in the fire which has blackened nearly 10,000 acres in the San Francisquito Canyon area and Angeles National Forest.
The fire, fanned by winds of 20 to 30 miles velocity, early today was out of control on a fire front which was 22 miles long, according to officials of the U.S. Forest Service.
The three men were injured after they had landed in their helicopter near the Grass Mountain lookout tower in a cleared space on top of the mountain. The pickup truck, which carried a 150-gallon drum of highly volatile aviation gasoline, also was at that scene.
Forest Service officials said the flames raced up the side of the mountain and while the fire still was 100 yards away the heat exploded the gasoline drum on the pickup truck. The heat also ignited the helicopter, which was valued at $27,000 and was on contract to the government from Rick's Helicopters of Compton.
The helicopter pilot, Louis Hartwig, his mechanic. Art Minor, and a Forest Service official, Ray Guardado, who served as flight officer in observing the fire from the aircraft, were forced to make a break through the flames on

########
Rank: 13
Score: 35.106434
Retrieved Text: Roll of Thunder Hear My Cry takes place during the 1930’s in rural Mississippi. The setting of Mississippi has an important effect on the story in that the white people there were very racist. The point of view in this novel basically creates the whole story because it is a child telling the story instead of the usual adult. Cassie Logan tells the story in extreme detail, since everything in the story has to do with her life and innocence. The mood is also an important factor in the story suspense, happiness and peace all as one.
The protagonist in this story is the Logans and the antagonists are the Wallaces.
They are just the main protagonists and antagonists. In general, the protagonists are all of the black people, and the antagonists are all the white people. The Wallaces are a family who owns a grocery store, but they are very prejudiced. They treat black people with no respect and are very cruel towards them. The white people acted hateful towards the black people in ways like of the KKK. The Logans are peaceful people who are trying to end the hate and help everyone get along. Even though they do not like some of the white people, they are nice to them. Some of the secondary supporting characters are the Simms; Mr.
Simms, Lillian Jean Simms, and Jeremy Simms. The Simms were all white and prejudiced except for Jeremy who tried to be friends with the Logans. Mr. Granger was a man who leased out sharecropping land to

########
Rank: 14
Score: 34.777233
Retrieved Text: Up to now, a total of 1 325 troops and a M-26 helicopter have been put into operation, and the ground-air cooperation and manual direct fighting methods have been adopted to fight and rescue. Yunnan Provincial Forest Fire Brigade has mobilized Baoshan Forest Fire Brigade, Dali Peoples Government has mobilized the Armed Police Brigade of the prefecture to the fire site to carry out fire fighting. A total of 330 people from Xiangyun County, Weishan County, Eryuan County and a PLA unit are on their way to the fire site.
At 14:01 on April 12, a forest fire broke out in the east of Nanhe Village, Xintun Town, Heqing County, Dali, Yunnan Province. On April 13, according to the latest news from the Information Office of the Heqing County Peoples Government of Dali, by about 18 p.m. on the 13th, two incoherent fire lines were formed in the fire field. The northern line spread from south to northeast, and the eastern line spread from west to east. Both of the two fire lines were fires. The fire situation was strong, and the wind direction of the fire field was uncertain, the mountain slope was steep, and the forest was dense. It was very difficult to extinguish and extinguish the fire.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 34.669773
Retrieved Text: Many California residents are ruggedly obstinate about the choice they have made to live with the constant threat of fire.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 27 — As Californians sift through the cinders of this week’s deadly wildfires, there is a growing consensus that the state’s war against such disasters — as it is currently being fought — cannot be won.
Fire-management experts like Professor Minnich, who has compared fire histories in San Diego County and in Mexico in Baja California, say the lesson is clear.
Mexico has smaller fires that burn naturally, regularly clearing out combustible underbrush and causing relatively little destruction. California has giant fires because the longtime government policy of fire suppression has disrupted the natural cycle, creating huge pockets of fuel that erupt into conflagrations that must always — if only because of their size — be fought to the death.
“We’re on all year round,” said Brett Chapman, a firefighter with the United States Forest Service who worked 15-hour shifts this week in the Lake Arrowhead area east of Los Angeles.
The main problem is that many in California are ruggedly obstinate about the choice they have made to live with the constant threat of fire. Even state officials who are interested in change concede it could take a decade — and more catastrophic wildfires — before it happens.
On Saturday, nine fires continued to burn in a four-county area of Southern California, and officials said 20,575 homes were still in danger. Lighter winds and higher humidity have enabled firefighters to go on the attack more, but many of

########
Rank: 16
Score: 34.619076
Retrieved Text: The widespread forest fires of the summer of 2003 reminded us of the destructive power of wildfires. In the southern interior of British Columbia, tens of thousands of people were evacuated and hundreds of homes were lost. In Mount Revelstoke and Glacier National Parks, twenty fires burned 1500 hectares and cost two million dollars to manage. We fear fire for good reason. But fire is more than just a destructive force of nature.
As an agent of environmental change, large fires occur infrequently in the interior wet belt of British Columbia – but when it does, the effects are rapid and radical. Along with avalanches, diseases, insects, and windstorms, fire is an ecological process that shapes the forests in the Columbia Mountains. All these disturbances are natural and forests have ways to recover, even benefit, from what at first seems catastrophic.
While trying to make sense of fire in our forests, I looked up the most famous proponent of forest fire safety— Smokey the Bear.
Smokey is best known for one line, “Only you can prevent forest fires,” which is still the core of his message. Born from the worries of the Second World War when the able-bodied persons who normally would have been fire fighters were otherwise engaged, the United States government launched Smokey’s campaign as an effort to reduce human-caused fires.
For decades Smokey’s message also implied that all wildfire is bad, that besides putting people and property at risk, fire killed animals and destroyed their habitat. “It wasn’t until the 1970’s that anyone in the United States

########
Rank: 17
Score: 34.473003
Retrieved Text: I had organized this Boealps outing as a climb of nearby Mt. Washington by the north ridge, but with the snow and weather conditions it was obvious that route wouldn't go. Instead, after some email exchanges, we decided to climb the west ridge of Bandera instead. In Dallas Kloke's excellent guidebook, "Winter Climbs: One Day Ascents", this route is described as having "little to no avalanche danger" - sounded great for this weekend! The one problem with climbing Bandera was that the snow level was well below the trailhead, making the road that you usually take to the trailhead impassable by vehicle. Instead, we chose to park just off I-90 under the trailhead, and bush bash our way up to the road. We had heard this was feasible, but none of us had actually tried this before.
To get there, take Exit 42 off of I-90, and drive to the north side of the freeway. There's a dead end here to park at - make sure you're not on the pavement, as you can be ticketed for parking in an interchange. The way up to the Bandera trailhead starts out through a bunch of logging debris and hundreds of spent shot gun shells. (I have no problem sharing the woods and mountains with other recreationalists, but why are shooters so horrible about leaving a mess? The Mailbox Peak trailhead is another example of what should be an embarrassment to the shooting community.) As you work your way (carefully) up across lots of downed logs, you eventually climb

########
Rank: 18
Score: 34.4284
Retrieved Text: The Forest Service is reporting that air resources have been canceled for the fire reported to be near Tobin/Jackass Creek earlier this evening. The reports of smoke were due to fires from the west.
The vehicle fire reported at about the same time was extinguished and did not spread to the surrounding area. It received a quick response from the Forest Service and the local fire departments.
There was obvious smoke from a fresh fire, whether it was from the vehicle fire or not, the smoke was not from the larger fires to the west. It would still be lingering if it was. Soo..
The Forest Service flew a helicopter and an air attack platform over the entire area. There was no new fire down the canyon. It is really obnoxious when people act like they are knowledgeable about wildland fire even though they haven’t spent a single day ever fighting fire. Air attack even said on the radio that the smoke WAS from the larger fires to the west. The Forest Service around here is pretty darn good at quickly detecting and quickly suppressing fire. Soo…Stop acting like you know what you are talking about. Let the professionals be the ones to tell us about the fires and the smoke.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 34.38396
Retrieved Text: The Black Forest Fire burned 14,280 acres in Black Forest, Colorado in June 2013. Surpassing the Waldo Canyon Fire in 2012, the Black Forest Fire is now the most destructive fire in Colorado’s history. The fire was fully contained June 20th, 2013 with the loss of 486 homes and 2 lives. Though the majority of the land burned was private, approximately 1,200 acres of El Paso County Parks land were affected. Since 2013, RMFI has been working in partnership with El Paso County to rehabilitate burned landscapes within the Black Forest Regional Park and the Pineries Open Space.
The Black Forest Regional Park (BFRP) encompasses 385 acres of land within the Black Forest area of El Paso County, Colorado. The BFRP is characterized by ponderosa pine forests with dominant understory species including kinnikinnick, squaw current, mountain mahogany, blue grama, western wheatgrass, needle and thread, and mountain muhly. A Master Plan for the area completed in 2011 suggests that forest density was higher than ever before and that threat of wildfire was a large concern. Approximately two-thirds of the BFRP were impacted by the Black Forest Fire. Slopes in the Park average 6-12% though slopes of 30% can be found near the Palmer Divide, a major ridgeline running through the north end of the Park. Soils in the Park are characterized by a gravelly texture that creates difficulties in establishing vegetation once disturbed. Most soils in the Park were classified as a low to moderate hazard for erosion pre-fire; however, the loss of vegetation and the steepness of

########
Rank: 20
Score: 34.037354
Retrieved Text: The Fire Wish by Amber Lough.
Review: Have you ever wondered what it was like to switch places with someone you've never even met? The Fire Wish by Amber Lough is the one to read for anyone who loves fantasy books!
The Fire Wish starts off in India, where there's a great war between the mystical jinni and the humans. A girl from a tribe near Baghdad named Zayele was picked (more like forced) by her father to be the bride of the prince of Baghdad. Najwa is one of the mystical jinni who wants to be one of the people in the Corps to fight in the war (they also grant and make wishes). While Zayele is on her way to the city of Baghdad to marry the prince, she wishes to run away and go back home. But Najwa appears and Zayele catches her to make a wish. Zayele wishes to have them switch roles and Najwa grants that wish. Want more? If so, then you'll just have to read this novel!
The Fire Wish is recommended for anyone who loves fantasy/fiction books. I loved how Lough incorporated humans and fairy-like people such as Najwa which for me, makes this such an interesting book! The book also includes two-sided perspectives, which can be confusing at first, but you'll get it once you know what's going on. It shows you that even though you want something, it doesn't really mean that it'll come out the exactly how you wanted it to go. You probably wouldn't even know how

########
Rank: 21
Score: 33.990593
Retrieved Text: The number of forest fires in Ontario this year is more than double last year, but still remains well below the average fire season for the province, according to the Ministry of Natural Resources and Forestry.
The Ministry said 617 fires have burned across Ontario so far this season. In 2014, the total was 297 fires. The 10-year average is more than 1,000 fires per year. The northwest region saw 339, so far in 2015.
The fire season starts in May and doesn’t end until October 31, so the tally is likely to increase, particularly with hunters and campers using cooking and warming fires more frequently in the cooler fall weather, said northwest region fire information officer Deb MacLean.
“Spring and fall is usually when we see more human caused fires,” she said, adding that lightning is the major cause of fires in the northwest in the summer months.
However, the fire season has been anything but quiet for Ontario fire crews, with more than 1079 fire fighters, since May, being sent to fires in the western provinces and territories as well as the United States.
Some fires this summer near populated areas around Kenora and Red Lake were also significant, MacLean said.
“We had to do some aggressive attack from both the ground and the air so it wasn’t a quiet fire season in that sense,” she said.
On the flip side, one of the fires still active in the northwest, about 70 kilometres south of Kenora, demonstrates the ministry’s approach to forest fires as beneficial to the environment, MacLean said.
That fire

########
Rank: 22
Score: 33.93426
Retrieved Text: Los Angeles, California - A federal lawsuit filed Wednesday seeks nearly $25 million in damages from the owner of a Mountain Center residence and the property’s caretakers for alleged negligence that led to the 2013 Mountain Fire, which burned for more than two weeks and scorched over 27,500 acres, more than half of which was in the San Bernardino National Forest.
The civil complaint alleges negligence and violations of California law as being the cause of the fire that started on July 15, 2013, and burned a large swath of the San Jacinto Mountains, for a time threatening the town of Idyllwild and forcing over 5,000 residents to evacuate. An investigation determined that the fire started when an electrical discharge inside of an improperly maintained electrical junction box “shot sparks and hot material out of the box and onto dry ground vegetation below,” according to the lawsuit.
The Mountain Fire started on property known as Gibraltar West that is owned by Tarek M. Al-Shawaf, who is the lead defendant in the lawsuit. The complaint also names as defendants James D. Nowlin and Donna L. Nowlin, who were the caretakers employed by Al-Shawaf.
The defendants had a duty “to properly inspect and maintain their electrical equipment, electrical wires, and electrical junction boxes to ensure that they were safe, properly secured, and clear from dangerous conditions,” the complaint alleges.
The United States Forest Service expended considerable resources to suppress the Mountain Fire, including deploying more than 3,000 firefighters, 250 fire engines, 20 helicopters and 10 airplanes. The complaint specifically alleges that the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 33.878098
Retrieved Text: It is known that fire can be a major factor in the health of the forest. It also can be a major factor in the composition of the forest. Many of our native plants have adapted to fire, including lodgepole pine which requires fire to melt the wax on cone scales so they open to spread their seeds, and grasses which thrive after fire has killed the competing shrubs and broadleaf plants.
Native people who managed the lands of the Pacific Northwest for thousands of years understood how valuable fire was in maintaining sustainable stands of native plants. They used fire as we might use chemical herbicides. Eventually, growing trees would provide too much shade for the good production of fruit, tubers, grasses and herbs. So the native people would use controlled burns to rejuvenate failing stands of edible, medicinal and spiritual plants.
Typically, the burns would be conducted in late fall or early spring. This was timed to take advantage of the plants’ ability to store nutrients in their root structures during the growing season. It also took advantage of the cool and wet times that helped control the size and heat of the fires. By keeping the fires small and fast moving, the site never got hot enough to hurt the below-ground parts of the desirable plants, but would prune back their tops and kill the unwanted plants. The trees that were encroaching on the huckleberry, camas, fescue and blackberry fields were kept at bay by fire.
The chemicals that were stored in the tops were deposited

########
Rank: 24
Score: 33.834805
Retrieved Text: Legal dove hunting begins 30 minutes before sunrise and ends at sunset. There is a no-shoot zone around Fresno and Clovis city limits and hunters must be 150 yards away from occupied dwellings.
The two-week dove season ends Sept. 15.
Fresno firefighters extinguished a fire Wednesday in a southwest Fresno building that contained several compressed gas cylinders.
The fire started about 4:30 p.m. and was fueled by propane gas that had vented from the cylinder safety valves, Fresno Fire Chief Chuck Tobias said. None of the cylinders ruptured.
The building had been converted into a residence and was home to six people, none of who were injured in the fire, Tobias said. The flames spread to the grass around the building and to another building on a neighboring property.
Damages to the structures and personal belongings were estimated at $2,500. The fire is being investigated as possible arson, Tobias said.
Labor Day visits to all California prisons and camps have been canceled due to the state's budget impasse, according to the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation.
The cancellation will save approximately $325,000. Labor Day visits were canceled because the fewest people visit prisoners that day compared with the other four holiday visiting days on New Year's Day, Independence Day, Thanksgiving and Christmas.
The Department of Corrections is seeking to permanently remove Labor Day from the list of state-regulated holiday visiting days.
Monday's cancellation will not affect scheduled family visits, visits to juvenile and contract bed facilities or compassionate hospital, court-mandated or attorney visits.
The Kern and Tulare Counties Resource Advisory Committee is accepting proposals for

########
Rank: 25
Score: 33.771744
Retrieved Text: The deadly fire that killed 64 people of the 400 who were in Bucharest's Colectiv club on October 30 last year only burned for about 2.5 minutes, according to the experts' report. The fire took only seconds to spread to the whole club, giving the people inside very little time to react and get out.
The club's setup and especially the fact that there were no emergency exits made it difficult for the people to get out in time and save themselves. As a result, 26 people lost their lives that night and 38 others died in the following months at the hospital, making this the biggest tragedy in Romania in the last 20 years.
Specialists from the Institute of Mining Security and Explosion Protection in Petrosani have recently completed the report on the Colectiv club tragedy in Bucharest. The document remakes the incident by the second, according to Digi 24.
The fireworks used during the rock concert held by local band Goodbye to Gravity burned for 15 seconds, after which a spark reached a pillar that was covered in soundproofing foam, which caught fire. The band’s singer asked for a fire extinguisher, but the fire spread incredibly fast. It took just a few seconds for the fire to go up to the ceiling and then spread to the whole ceiling, fueled by the flammable materials and the air conditioning.
After about 35 seconds, hot drops of melted foam started to fall on the people that were still in the club, burning their skin. Only 51 seconds, flammable toxic gas

########
Rank: 26
Score: 33.724022
Retrieved Text: 山东十一选五 www.rtbce.com TAIYUAN -- The forest blaze which killed six firefighters in Shanxi province in the past week was started by fire used by a local farmer, authorities said Sunday.
The villager, who was identified by his surname as Huo, from Dongwangyong village, Qinyuan county, was using fire when farming, which caused the forest fire, said a source of the provincial forest public security bureau.
The fire broke out at around 3:35 pm Thursday. More than 2,000 people were dispatched to battle the blaze. At about 5 pm, seven firefighters were trapped due to a sudden change in wind direction. They were rescued and rushed to hospital, but six of them died early Friday morning.
The forest fire was put out at about 6:40 pm Thursday.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 33.662666
Retrieved Text: Devils’s Tower. Huge, amazing, and people actually climb to the top!
One of those sub-par photos of a very gorgeous natural water feature in Yellowstone.
My family and friends worry sometimes…I wonder why!
At the moment, my fellow intern and I are getting ready to go the Bighorns for a week to help a forester in Casper with field work. Last night I went a little crazy making food and packing. I mean, I have enough food for two weeks. I’d say I won’t go hungry for these 4.5 days just a short drive from Buffalo. Oh well-never hurts to come prepared!
I recently took a bit of a vacation to Yellowstone and found that my iPhone is a pitiful camera for such occasions. It was amazing and beautiful, of course. But I came back telling everyone that I think the places I work everyday are better than Yellowstone. In fact, the drive back to Newcastle, via Cooke City and highway 296, had the most spectacular switchbacks and views. Even walking in the National Forest behind my cabin is gorgeous and I can go whenever I want. I hope everyone is finding beauty in all the mundane -yet fleeting things during their internships. I’ve been trying to remind myself to take the time to smell the roses, so to speak.
Our inventory projects are going very well. I think we finally have the hang of a proper field day. However, there was one time that neither of us brought the data sheets. Have you ever done that, where each of you

########
Rank: 28
Score: 33.66193
Retrieved Text: Gorse grows in many parts of the Forest, in thick clumps the animals use as shelter. Even though its leaves are spiny, the animals still eat it, especially in winter. It’s also known as furze (pronounced fuzz). Some commoners remember collecting the furze, and chopping it in a chaff cutter with mangles to make a feed for their animals.
When gorse gets old, it becomes spindly, so it’s burned or cut- down to re-grow thick and bushy again. The New Forest gorse is home to lizards and other wildlife, including a very rare bird called the Dartford Warbler. That’s one reason why there are strict rules about how and when the gorse is burned.
Gardens and animals don’t mix. Gardens by the open Forest need to be securely fenced, or animals might break in and cause all sorts of trouble. One pony had to be rescued by the fire brigade after walking onto the green plastic cover of a swimming pool, probably thinking it was grass.
Some garden plants are poisonous to animals, so people need to be careful about what they plant close to the Forest, as hungry animals will try nibbling anything that grows near a fence. Garden waste should never be dumped on the Forest, as it can be poisonous. Grass clippings are particularly dangerous for ponies and can kill them.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 33.64254
Retrieved Text: America's first assault rifle? Well, it does meet all the requirements: select-fire, intermediate cartridge, and shoulder-fired. It was never actually fielded, though.
The Burton Light Machine Rifle was developed during World War One, with the firing model completed in 1917. It was intended as an aircraft observer's weapon for attacking balloons—a role which required incendiary ammunition.With this in mind, Winchester's Frank Burton adapted the .351 WSL cartridge from his 1905 and 1907 self-loading rifles into the .345 WSL, with a spitzer bullet. He designed an open-bolt, select-fire shoulder rifle to fire it, which became known as the Light Machine Rifle.
Burton's rifle was to be usable both in an aircraft where it could be fixed to a Scarff mount for a wide field of fire or used by an individual on the ground, fired from the shoulder. It weighed in at just about 10 pounds (4.5kg) and had a pistol grip and straight-line design to bring the recoil impulse directly into the shooter's shoulder and minimize rise during automatic fire. The barrel was finned for better cooling, and infantry barrels were equipped with bayonet lugs.
The most distinctive elements of the design, of course, are the dual top-mounted magazines. Each one holds 20 rounds, and each has a pair of locking catches. One position locks the magazine into a feeding position, and the other holds it up above the cycling of the bolt. The idea here was to keep a second loaded magazine easily accessible for an aerial observer—so they could reload without having to find another magazine somewhere

================



======= Instance Index 20 =========
Input Text: To have a positive impact of the environment

Which is the correct answer?
- use Styrofoam plates and bowls
- use more paper towels
- salvage plastic bottles instead of throwing them away
- drive a car that guzzles gas

Target Text: salvage plastic bottles instead of throwing them away

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.475027
Retrieved Text: Helping business put back more than it takes out.
The Net Positive Project brings together an authoritative and ambitious coalition of cross-sector partners to develop a credible and aligned net positive approach, supported by a common set of principles and best practices.
To create a world where companies drive financial success and create "net positive" impacts by putting more back into society, the environment, and the global economy than they take out.
Companies are recognizing the benefits of going beyond mitigating their negative sustainability impacts and are recognizing their enormous potential to create positive impacts on society and the environment. Increasingly, companies are making “net positive” commitments to put back more into the global system than they take out.
Net positive will create a race to the top by increasing the sustainability ambition level of companies to have a positive impact on society and the environment. It can also lead to enhanced company innovation, brand reputation, stakeholder relations, and sales. Moreover, net positive can be a powerful way to generate and assess results following the adoption of the UN Sustainable Development Goals and the Paris climate agreement.
This document is intended to provide summary guidance on methodology for assessing “net positive” impacts for an organization, including assessment of footprints, handprints, and static contribution analysis.
Use the NPP core documents as part of a Corporate Toolkit for Action.
Align business strategy and programs to net positive principles.
On-board and/or determine next steps in a business’ net positive journey.
Measure net positive impact aligned with NPP work to date.
Apply net positive to specific areas of focus (carbon,

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.091198
Retrieved Text: Our vision is to make a positive impact on the way people think about their clothing and the environment, creating luxurious minimalistic clothing using quality sustainable materials. We bring people together through a desire for a more positive future.
At Positive Outlook we ensure we know where our fabrics come from and whose making them, with our small network of ethical manufacturers we work together to create quality garments and accessories from sustainable materials.
Over the past 4 years we have specialised in creating bespoke garments made from bamboo fabric. We choose to use bamboo due to it’s minimal impact on the environment and it’s maximum benefit to you. Bamboo is super soft, hypoallergenic, anti-bacterial, breathable, we could go on, but trust us, just try it.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.849878
Retrieved Text: Masterfully made with quinine since 1783. A timeless classic, Perfect mixed with Gordon's®. With Sugar and Sweetener Serve cold for maximum refreshment. Store in a cool and dry place Please recycle. Coca-Cola and the Environment Coca-Cola is committed to making a positive difference - to the health of the planet, consumers and the communities it serves. The company is working hard to reduce its impact on the environment in everything it does - growing more while using less in areas such as energy and water use, waste reduction and recycling - and by encouraging people to think more about the positive impact they can have on their local environment. By Appointment to Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II Schweppes Holdings Ltd Manufacturers of Schweppes and Roses Soft Drinks Sparkling Soft Drink with Quinine with Sugar and Sweetener.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.795666
Retrieved Text: The Multi-Sensory room is a room full of enjoyment and fun where the students are able to explore through their senses.
We are so lucky to have this room on site.
as are others with diverse needs.
THE “Magic Room” environment can be altered to provide stimulation or relaxation depending on the needs of the Individual student(s). It is a very positive environment which can impact hugely on student positive behaviours.
The Magic Room provides an excellent space to reinforce the current curriculum focus , as our individual student programmes are essentially designed by the students for students .
The students themselves control their own environment ensuring positive interaction.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.746859
Retrieved Text: Previous research has clearly demonstrated the positive impact of therapeutic interventions on offenders’ well-being. Much less is known about the impact on prison staff facilitating and delivering such interventions. We employed qualitative methodology to capture a deeper understanding of the work of therapeutic prison officers. Seven prison officers working in a U.K. Category B therapeutic community prison were interviewed about their working lives, including their own participation in therapy. Following a thematic analysis approach, key findings indicated that the physical and cultural work environment was very important to staff; the therapeutic element of their job role, although demanding, was both satisfying and rewarding; and that working in a therapeutic prison environment provided the opportunity for personal as well as professional development. We conclude that further attention should be given to the unique nature of therapeutic prison work and the positive impact it can have on well-being at work.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.70649
Retrieved Text: Our quarterly update focuses on specific investments made by the funds within the Positive Impact Portfolios. With this update we focus on healthcare, education and water resources.
Our quarterly update focuses on specific investments made by the funds within the Positive Impact Portfolios. As well as avoiding harmful investments, we continually seek to find funds which aim to make a positive contribution to society or the environment, alongside an attractive financial return.
The United Nations’ Global Goals were adopted in 2015 as part of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development. They provide a holistic framework for action around the issues seen as the most critical for the planet and humanity.
Since 2017 we have started mapping the underlying holdings in the Positive Impact Portfolios against the 17 UN Sustainable Development Goals: for more details on our approach please see our 2012-2017 Impact Review.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.688107
Retrieved Text: Solar is a clean, sustainable form of energy that produces zero emissions. Solar photovoltaics (PVs) are a collection of cells containing a material that converts solar energy into electricity used to power your home. C & J Solar systems add value to your home and can help reduce your energy costs. Converting to solar energy has a positive impact on the environment, it will also have a positive impact on your finances.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.654802
Retrieved Text: The purpose of this qualitative study was to extend the understanding of the characteristics of a classroom environment that impact students’ engagement in academics and therefore has the potential to positively impact student achievement scores. Data were collected through content analysis to analyze for reoccurring themes to assess how the characteristics of the classroom environment impact student’s achievement. Ten classrooms within the Kingsport City District were observed and analyzed for this study.
Six research questions guided this study, and qualitative data were analyzed for reoccurring themes. Findings from this study suggest that implementing certain characteristics in to the classroom environment can positively impact students’ academic success. The development and construction of classroom environments should include such characteristics as positive discipline, well laid out and organized classrooms, accountable talks, collaborative groups, positive teacher student interaction, and learning targets. As a result of this research a recommendation for practice is that districts support the development of classrooms that would positively impact student’s achievement.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.51362
Retrieved Text: Impact Alaska exists to mentor, motivate and educate students to grow holistically. Impact Alaska supports positive change, healthy lifestyles, life giving relationships, and leadership skills resulting in positive individual & community transformation.
Impact Alaska desires to guide youth in rural Alaska through character; value and virtue based training to develop their minds, bodies and spirit. Providing ongoing support to mentor and coach young leaders to make healthy life choices, develop life-giving relationships, influence positive change and take the initiative to transform their communities. We foster connections among organizations and individuals that build leadership capacity with youth while respecting local culture.
Impact Alaska offers programs to benefit Alaska Natives in the North Slope.
We have teamed up with the Elders and Officials of the North Slope to create a week long camp that will instill virtues into teenagers from North Slope. We believe they have potential beyond what they currently see. Our goal is to restore their cultural virtues to the youth, while equipping them to be future leaders in their villages.
We bring volunteer college students from all over the lower 48 to team with us in running Impact Camp. These students are experts in different vocational fields and sports. They dedicate their week to training the youth of the North Slope in these different vocational skills and sports. During each of these teaching sessions, leadership skills and cultural virtues are instilled into the youth.
Our mission is to provide positive mentoring and relational connections to increase the success of Alaska Native students who are pursuing higher education.
We have formed a

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.424078
Retrieved Text: Powerwise - How can I save electricity?
We use electricity in almost every aspect of our daily lives, and often, we end up wasting this precious resource. Just simple changes in lifestyle and habits can have a positive impact on the environment and help you save on your electricity bills!
The best renewable energy is what you don’t consume; saving electricity can be a lot easier than you might think. Just simple changes in lifestyle and habits can make a significant difference and positive impact on the environment. Not to mention the monetary savings on your electricity bills! Let’s look at some practical ways in which we can all help to conserve electricity - in the home, office and throughout our daily lives.
The first step towards increasing your home’s energy efficiency and comfort.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.382158
Retrieved Text: Most adult�s lives contain plenty of complications that create stress. Many of our learners are inundated by negativity. Why let this invade your learning environment? Work to make your training sessions an oasis for learners. A positive learning environment begins with a positive, enthusiastic leader.... Most adult�s lives contain plenty of complications that create stress. Many of our learners are inundated by negativity. Why let this invade your learning environment? Work to make your training sessions an oasis for learners. A positive learning environment begins with a positive, enthusiastic leader.
Title 'How to Create a Positive Learning Environment for your Players' by Chelsea F.C. IDC Singapore (For All NROC Coaches) Description. This workshop will focus on how to plan your training sessions 'The Chelsea Way', to maximise the impact that you have on your players.
How To Engage And Inspire Adult Learners Designing eLearning deliverables that motivate and engage adult learners can be challenging. However, creating top notch eLearning deliverables that cater to adult learners comes with its own unique set of challenges.
12/03/2017�� Posted by: Nesha Milicevic. To create a positive learning environment an instructor has to always be available. My Students can always approach me and count on my help.
Teaching adults requires a completely different approach. Effective adult education or androgogy employs a model that incorporates the tremendous knowledge and experience that adults bring to the classroom and uses it to facilitate the learning process of all the students.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.328547
Retrieved Text: The Brazilian launch of the Principles for Positive Impact Finance took place in Sao Paulo, Brazil on June 6th, 2017. It was attended by 13 organizations, including commercial banks and asset managers. Denise Hills, Head of Sustainability, from Itau and Denis Childs, Head of Positive Impact, from Societe Generale presented on how to implement a Positive Impact approach within the finance industry, while Frederico Cintra from Bradesco presented the status of sustainable and green finance in Brazil.
Developed by a group of banks, investors and members of UN Environment Finance Initiative, the Principles are a set of high-level guidelines to promote the development of positive impact business and finance, and thus contribute to the achievement of sustainable development, and in particular, the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
The Principles provide a flexible framework for the business and finance community to identify and develop positive impact activities, entities and projects. The Principles also help a broader set of public and private stakeholders identify and assess positive impact business and finance, such as those that contribute to sustainable development and thus the achievement of the SDGs.
Click here to read more about the positive impact finance initiative.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.305277
Retrieved Text: 2017 was a strong year for the equipment finance industry.
According to a recent study conducted by the Equipment Leasing and Finance Association, it marked the seventh consecutive year that businesses increased their spending on leases, loans and lines of credit for equipment investment.
According to Sasso, two of the most popular products they recommend in a rising interest rate environment are longer term loans and tax-oriented leases.
LM also asked Sasso what impact would the rising interest rate environment impact have on trucking…what this means for the industry overall.
Sasso concludes that this also has “a positive impact” on the company's cash flow.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.277813
Retrieved Text: Inspired by nature – powered by choice.
Make a positive impact on your family’s well-being and your environment.
ZU Collection's non-toxic ingredients are gentle on skin, tough on dirt, and delightful to use. The refreshing scents will leave you confident that you’re not using harsh chemicals; and that you’re making a positive impact on your family’s well-being and your environment.
Earth-friendly. Not harmful to the environment.
Products do not contain ingredients that have been linked to toxic responses.
Does not include ingredients which negatively impact aquatic life.
Products will not create a lather or bubble to remove dirt from skin or surfaces.
Products are free of parabens which are linked to sensitivity and irritation issues.
Ingredients and final products have not been tested on animals.
Canadians spend more than 90% of their time indoors.
Since 1980, the rate of asthma has increased more than 600%. The Canadian Lung Association and the Asthma Society of Canada indentify common household cleaners and cosmetics as some of the primary triggers.
ZU Collection can help by providing environmentally friendly safe and effective products to help minimize the risks to you, your family, and your pets.
Dirt doesn't stand a chance against the non-toxic cleaning power in our multi-surface cleaning spray. Use it on any surface to remove dust, grime, bacteria, and allergens. The clean and refreshing scent will leave you confident that you’re not using harsh chemicals.
Smarter products = Smarter living.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.244038
Retrieved Text: Here at Greenfleet we encourage businesses and organisations of all sizes to take practical climate action, to recognise the importance of Corporate Social Responsibility and to strive to be great corporate citizens.
Greenfleet is happy to work with organisations who are looking to improve their environment reputation and be more involved. Contact our team to discuss how we can plant biodiverse forests together via the sale of your product or service today!
Annual Access to ceremonial planting & field days.
By supporting Greenfleet, hundreds of organisations are taking responsibility for their impact on the environment and are minimising their operational carbon footprint through our biodiverse carbon offset program.
We have many great corporate fundraising ideas that can be easily be implemented. Email us at marketing@greenfleet.com.au or call us on 1800 032 999 (toll free).
Promotional fundraising is a great way to support Greenfleet through the sales of your products and services. Demonstrate your commitment to have a positive impact on the planet by donating a percentage of your sales to Greenfleet, or by planting one native tree for every orders. There are many ways to get involved. Contact us today!
Demonstrate your organisation's CSR efforts and increase staff retention by giving your employees the opportunity to make pre-tax donations with a Greenfleet Workplace Giving Program.
CSR is an essential component of every corporate strategies. Hundreds of organisations are including Greenfleet in their CSR strategy to minimise their impact on the environment.
Be recognised for doing what's best for the Australian environment through carbon offsetting, workplace giving programs or promotional fundraising. There are many ways

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.181318
Retrieved Text: Purpose – This paper aims to explore the process by which four store environment (music, light, employee, and layout) and two individual characteristics (shopping enjoyment tendency (SET) and impulse buying tendency (IBT)) influence impulse buying behavior through positive and negative affect, and urge to buy impulsively. Design/methodology/approach – The data were obtained using a structured questionnaire from733 respondents in a mall survey conducted in Chennai, South India. Findings – In the structural model tested with AMOS, the authors found that store environment drove impulse buying (IB) through positive affect and urge. Results also showed that the personality variables (SET and IBT) influenced IB through positive affect and urge. This paper did not find support for the relationship between negative affect and urge. Research limitations/implications – Theoretically, the authors add to the list of antecedents of impulse buying, and to the outcomes of store environment. From a managerial viewpoint, the authors suggest that retail managers invest in improving the store environment to increase the level of impulse buying in their stores. Specifically, they need to focus on enhancing friendliness of store employees, playing appropriate music, designing proper layouts and having well-lit stores to encourage impulse buying. Originality/value – Prior research studied the elements of the store independently and also its long-term impact. To the best of the authors’ knowledge, their research is the first to study the impact of store environment (in conjunction with trait variables) on impulse buying.
Mohan, G. and Sivakumaran, B. and Sharma, P. 2013. Impact of Store Environment on Impulse Buying Behavior. European Journal

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.178154
Retrieved Text: Companies with a positive impact on society and/or environment may not only experience as fast development as other businesses, but also use technology to solve social problems on a global scale.
The development of innovations is a priority for tech companies. Among their motives is the search for solutions which support the objectives of sustainable development. Companies offering products with a positive impact on the society and environment may apply for the Social Impact Award in Deloitte’s 19th Technology Fast 50 in Central Europe which recognised the fastest growing technology companies.
This year’s addition to the programme is the Social Impact award for companies and organisations which link their business success with a positive impact of their products or services on the society and environment, thus contributing to the achievement of at least one of the Sustainable Development Goals 2030 of United Nations.
It is estimated that by 2030 the global population will reach 8.5 billion. The world faces the challenge of ensuring an adequate quality of life, access to education or medical assistance and aligning it with the protection of natural resources. For the sustainable development goals to be reached everyone needs to do their part: governments, civil organisations, academics and businesses.
Products supporting the sustainable development goals are estimated to offer at least 12 trillion dollars in market opportunities. New technologies contribute to the achievement of social goals by providing access to information and services via digital means, developing cooperation networks and effective management of resources.
education (for examples, companies offering e-learning platforms and applications).
The companies which develop such

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.166248
Retrieved Text: We are delighted to have formed a partnership with Transition to Teach in order to help support career changers into the teaching profession.
The Transition to Teach (T2T) programme is focused on supporting career changers in the East Midlands and North of England to make the successful transition to becoming a teacher. The programme will support them to identify how their existing skills and experience can be applied to the classroom environment, to make a positive impact on students.
The knowledgeable team will assist participants in making the right decision about the type and location of their training and will guide them through the application process, continuing to provide support and guidance all the way through, from their initial expression of interest, through their training and to the end of their first year as a newly qualified teacher (NQT).
Support to help them and their school identify how their existing skills and experience can be applied to the classroom environment, to make a positive impact on students.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.110233
Retrieved Text: Gusto 54 Catering and Commissary Kitchens Executive Chef, Elio Zannoni not only caters bold Italian inspired dishes throughout the GTA, he also promises a service that he describes as ‘kind to the environment’. From supplier sourcing to your dinner plate and all the steps in between, Gusto 54 Catering Kitchen has integrated environmentally accountable food service into their DNA.
Gusto 54 sources sustainable certified meat and seafood as well as ecologo certified and recycled supplies whenever possible. The Commissary Kitchen has been equipped with new, energy efficient equipment, many of which are Energy Star certified. They have adapted a great recycling system and donate food when feasible. Gusto 54 Group not only has a positive impact on the environment it also greatly benefits Toronto’s community and respects the health of their customers.
In the words of Kermit the Frog, “It’s not easy being green!”. Gusto 54 restaurant group recognize the social and economic benefits of adapting a green business practice and have made impressive efforts to make little changes that have a positive impact on our environment. In addition to their recent Ocean Wise Certification, they have set goals to LEAF certify all Gusto 54 restaurants and to strive for continuous improvement though developing annual sustainability goals. They are well on their way to becoming leaders in the environmental accountable food service industry!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.006754
Retrieved Text: Stock market research industry has changed quite dramatically during the recent decade. Adverse regulatory changes and diminishing trading commissions have led to a decline in incentives to conduct analyst research on public companies. Many companies have lost all of their analyst coverage and some of the prominent market participants, including Securities and Exchange commission (SEC), have begun to worry about the amount of quality research disappearing from capital markets.
The purpose of this study is to examine how analyst research affects the information environment of capital markets and more precisely what is the impact of analyst coverage initiations on information asymmetry and firm value. Sample consists of 517 publicly listed U.S. companies that didn't have any analyst coverage for at least six months before they gained analyst coverage. I measure the impact on information asymmetry by comparing pre- and post-initiation trading volumes and bid-ask spreads to see whether coverage initiations cause a significant change in these stock characteristics. I also measure the impact of coverage initiation on firm value by calculating abnormal returns around [-1,+1] days and [-2,+2] days around coverage initiations to see whether the change in information environment results in changes in company market value.
I find that analyst coverage initiations are important information events. Coverage initiations enhance the information environment of a company's stock by increasing trading volumes and decreasing bid-ask spreads. I also find that stock market reacts positively to analyst coverage initiations by producing an average abnormal return of 3,27 % around [-1,+1] days around coverage initiation. By expanding the window to [-2,+2]

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.955698
Retrieved Text: The EQ Positive Impact Portfolios are a fully managed investment solution combining social and environmental impact with market leading returns. Available in a range of risk profiles via adviser platforms.
The EQ Positive Impact Portfolios invest in funds which can show that they are supporting companies taking steps to achieve a social or environmental impact as well as a financial return. Each investor has their own portfolio which is invested in a well-diversified mix of 15-20 funds and actively managed by EQ. They can be held on platform within ISA and SIPP wrappers, offshore bonds, or in a general investment account.
Join us for a live update on the EQ Positive Impact Portfolios.
Using three case studies we will highlight how companies held within the portfolios are making a positive impact on society and the environment.
We will end with a Q&A session, giving you the opportunity to ask any questions you may have.
You can see the impact your client’s investment has made in an instant using our online impact calculator.
Our Impact Report 2018 presents further evidence that investing in companies making a positive impact can be good for returns. Whether you look at revenues, profits, or employees, companies held by the EQ Positive Impact Portfolios are growing significantly faster than those in the FTSE 100 Index. They are also investing significantly more in research and development, have a smaller carbon footprint, and source a higher proportion of their energy from renewables.
EQ charges an investment management fee of 0.35% + VAT. This excludes fund charges and platform fees. Fund charges

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.907265
Retrieved Text: The Data4Good conference, to be held at the International Convention Centre (ICC), Sydney, will showcase the innovative ways Australia’s leading organisations are using data for positive change and to create a better society.
The Data4Good conference, hosted by Altis Consulting on 28 March 2019, will feature recognised experts in data and analytics who have instigated positive change through sophisticated and innovative uses of data.
Chief Impact Officer of Thankyou., Pete Yao will be openly sharing how Thankyou uses data to create a positive social impact.
COO of SMART Infrastructure Facility at the University of Wollongong, Tania Brown will share how SMART’s PetaJakarta project harnessed data from social media to save lives in disaster zones.
Blair Hudson will share case studies on a range of NFPs who are using data for positive social impact.
DataKind Singapore, Neil Shah will talk about how DataKind works with the social and NFP sector to empower data driven decisions.
“The quality of the line-up of speakers as well as the diversity in their topics will lead to thought provoking discussions on data and analytics in ethics and positive change,” said Mr Hoffman.
“This inspirational conference will offer tangible insights, creative approaches from speakers who are using data for positive change across industries including the environment, health, and communities,” said Mr Hoffman.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.884014
Retrieved Text: Never has it been more important than it is today, being able to access EP (environmental planning). And while every single business should be required by law to use an environmental planning company; unfortunately, we have to rely on the better judgement of business owners in the hopes that they see the irrefutable benefits of doing as such. So, let’s begin with some basics: what does an environment planning company actually do?
It’s as simple as, serving the environment. An environmental planning company will work with business of all shapes, sizes and industries in order to help them reduce their carbon footprint. It’s all about helping businesses to reduce the negative impact that they have on their local environment and to transform their operation into a cleaner, greener and ultimately more successful one. It is vital that we all come together and do what we can to preserve a healthy level of biodiversity in our local environments.
As a business owner, you have a duty of care to ensure that the way you operate has a positive impact on our planet, your local environment and its wildlife. One of the best ways to ‘give back’, is to strive for excellence and to do all that you can to reduce your carbon footprint.
Don’t forget just how much your brand can benefit from taking such action. It’s a beautiful win-win scenario where not only are you doing your bit for the environment, but you’re creating a stronger and more attractive brand image.
Particularly in this day and age, consumers are far

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.872902
Retrieved Text: According to Fit Small Business, there are more that 28.8 million companies that are considered to be small businesses all over the country. Many have the small companies open their company with the intention that they are going to be exceptionally successful in the long run. What many of these small business owners don’t realize is that opening a startup company is extremely difficult. Every year, there are hundreds and thousands of small business start-ups that open up, only to be forced to close down and fail. There are so many different reasons for why small businesses end up being forced to close and fail. But, one of the main reasons that many of these small businesses fail is simply because of cash flow issues. When there are cash flow issues, there are usually issues within the company that caused the cash flow issues. It’s important for small business owners to realize and understand that every single step of their business will impact their overall company and cause them to either fail or succeed. The environment that you set for your staff can also impact the overall success of your small business. You want to make sure that you create a positive and welcoming office environment in order to encourage productivity and positivity within your staff members.
According to Forbes, studies show that creating a very positive and aesthetically pleasing environment for your staff members can definitely help them remain productive and can increase the overall performance in your company. Many small business owners fail to realize

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.840883
Retrieved Text: The object of this exploratory study is to identify the positive, neutral and negative environment factors that affect users who visit Spanish hotels in order to help the hotel managers decide how to improve the quality of the services provided. To carry out the research a Sentiment Analysis was initially performed, grouping the sample of tweets (n = 14459) according to the feelings shown and then a textual analysis was used to identify the key environment factors in these feelings using the qualitative analysis software Nvivo (QSR International, Melbourne, Australia). The results of the exploratory study present the key environment factors that affect the users experience when visiting hotels in Spain, such as actions that support local traditions and products, the maintenance of rural areas respecting the local environment and nature, or respecting air quality in the areas where hotels have facilities and offer services. The conclusions of the research can help hotels improve their services and the impact on the environment, as well as improving the visitors experience based on the positive, neutral and negative environment factors which the visitors themselves identified.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.823036
Retrieved Text: Environmental factors can have a negative or positive impact on your overall mood, health, and well-being. Over 3 million children under the age of five will die from environmental impacts, according to the World Health Organization. This startling statistic should inspire you to change your home or workplace environment. Having a healthy environment is vital to your life and well-being. Here are some ways that environmental factors can contribute to your health.
The natural resources found in our environment have an impact on the economy and our job outlook. Increased production and consumption can lead to more jobs and wealth, according to the European Environment Agency. This increase in jobs and wealth can contribute to our overall quality of life and well-being.
Some of these determining factors can include water, food, housing, and energy and transportation. In Europe, 80% of freshwater goes directly to agriculture, reducing the amount for other sources. In addition, adding greenery and having open spaces can also improve the quality of our workplace. Making use of these natural resources can increase employee productivity and decrease absenteeism.
Your indoor air quality can have a negative impact on your overall mood and well-being. For example, mold, dust, and dander can contribute to chronic health issues like allergies, asthma, and sinuses. Secondhand smoke can pose a risk to households and workplaces. More than 50 of the chemicals found in cigarettes can cause cancer.
Poorly ventilated HVAC units, fireplaces, and stoves can lead to pulmonary disease. Exposure to chemicals such as formaldehyde and polyvinyl chloride (PVC) can lead to asthma,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.809525
Retrieved Text: Giles is the Founder and CEO of Global Impact Initiative (GII). GII works with a variety of organisations to create impact investments, seeking both a positive financial return and positive social or environmental impact. The business creates bespoke investment solutions that map the UN Sustainable Development goals. Giles has over 20 years of experience building and developing teams, businesses and distribution strategies for global enterprises. Giles has a unique blend of leadership and business skills gained in the corporate environment married with financial and governance skills gained in the Not for Profit sector. Giles holds numerous Volunteer Not-for-Profit Directorships ranging from Human Rights, Disabilities, Arts and Sports.
A: I started Global Impact Initiative (GII) in 2015 to provide investors (foundations, family offices, pension funds, endowments) with bespoke solutions that would allow them to allocate to impact investing strategies. We map these bespoke impact investing strategies to the UN SDGs and utilise professional investment managers alongside social impact investment firms to ensure the strategies we build for clients meet their financial and social impact targets.
I do believe that social impact must be monitored and measurable. Investors will have a different definition of impact and that’s OK! It should be customised to fit into an investor’s overall objectives and investment philosophy.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.802763
Retrieved Text: Think of your business as a cake. Customers used to only care if the cake tasted good before allowing the price of the cake to determine their spending choice. Then, customers began to note the quality of the ingredients as well as taste - are the ingredients wholesome? real? More recently, customers are asking how the cake was made. Are the ingredients local and sustainably sourced? were the farmers paid fair wages? The ingredients of your cake (i.e. your business) are the owners, labor, suppliers, community, customers and environment. Without any one of these ingredients your business cannot exist.
In 2007, Goldman Sachs published a study showing that a majority of consumers determine brand loyalty by reference to corporate social responsibility (CSR) over price. Goldman Sachs noted that as more of the millennial generation makes a significant impact on the consumer base, this trend will increase.
With an over $30 trillion wealth transfer from the baby boomer generation to the millennial generation and women projected to occur over the next few decades, businesses can expect greater demand for transparency and accountability by consumers. To the inquisitive consumer, CSR policies will not be enough. Such policies are nebulous and provide only the snapshots of what a business may want to project of itself. A B Impact Assessment score, however, is comprehensive and concrete. It provides an examination into how the business operates and the impact it has on owners, society and the environment. Those businesses able to provide a B Impact Assessment score will be ahead of the game.
The

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.742153
Retrieved Text: The drive for increased productivity in a lowgrowth and highly competitive environment led to a 6% reduction in employee numbers in the year. This negatively impacted on human and social capital but will be positive for financial capital as we will benefit from a lower cost structure in the years ahead.
* Aluminium and tinplate usage not disclosed for competitive reasons.
In our drive to remain competitive we continually invest in modern technologies and rationalise production facilities. In many cases this regrettably leads to job losses which negatively impact human capital. While investments have a shortterm negative impact on financial capital, they have a long-term beneficial impact on this capital stock. The closure of the tinplate Bevcan facility in Cape Town cost R32 million but is expected to result in savings of R60 million a year.
The use of our financial capital has positive impacts on all the other capitals. However, by investing in new equipment, human capital may on occasions be negatively impacted due to the loss of jobs. The suspension of dividends over the past few years has improved our financial position and has increased our ability to invest for the future but has been to the detriment, in the short term, of social capital.
Our investment in intellectual capital reduces our financial capital in the short term but increases stocks of human, manufactured, financial, social and natural capital in the longer term.
Our ongoing investment in social capital reduces our financial capital in the short term, but as it helps create a stronger environment for operations and investments,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.734184
Retrieved Text: Helping the environment can have a positive impact on your bottom line. Recycled materials have a positive effect on the environment as they help to prevent more waste from being generated and reduce the consumption and use of new materials. As outlined in our previous post, Recycling 101, a number of common construction materials are recycled, repurposed, and reused today.
Construction waste is becoming a global problem. For instance, in Malaysia the construction industry generates such a large amount of waste that it’s having a significant negative impact on the local communities and environment.
Unfortunately, this is becoming the norm in much of the world. Most big cities in the world are having these same issues of environmental pollution and community degradation.
Recycling and reusing construction materials causes the negative impacts of the building process to greatly diminish. The other good news is that recycling and reusing materials has a positive impact on the bottom line of your business by cutting waste and subsequently costs.
If you are able to reuse materials from site to site, you won’t have to spend as much on materials. Also, the cost of purchasing recycled materials is usually less than buying new.
As people become more aware of environmental issues, the demand will increasing for buying homes and commercial buildings composed of recycled materials. By incorporating recycling into your own construction projects, your company will be set up for increased efficiency and success in the future.
The impacts of recycling extend well beyond your local construction site. Below, you’ll see just how far your impact extends.
The

================



======= Instance Index 21 =========
Input Text: Taking shorter showers leads to

Which is the correct answer?
- water shortages for the local environment
- increased energy consumption by the water heater
- an empty water heater
- less energy used by the water heater

Target Text: less energy used by the water heater

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.660196
Retrieved Text: The Australian Conservation Foundation’s GreenHome program is a community education program that targets householders from urban areas and assists them to reduce their environmental footprint in their home and lifestyle. Since January 2005, hundreds of behaviour changes have been made by the 2917 participants on the program – from shorter showers to better food choices to sustainable home design. Significant environmental benefits include 116 ML of water saved (equivalent to 116 Olympic sized swimming pools full of water), 6880 tonnes of greenhouse gas saved (equivalent to taking 1370 cars off the road) and 510 kilo litres of waste saved (equivalent to 2123 wheelie bins full of waste).

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.553354
Retrieved Text: About 40% of a family’s total indoor water consumption is used in the shower. Although taking shorter showers certainly helps reduce this vast water use, changing just one traditional showerhead for a high efficiency showerhead – like one of Niagara’s Earth™ Massage 7.6 litres per minute (lpm) showerheads, can help save thousands of litres of water per year; plus the energy used for heating the shower water! If your current showerhead flows at 20 lpm, these showerheads will provide you with savings of more than 60% on what you are now using.
Order you shower head by filling in the Quote request form to the right.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.380835
Retrieved Text: The specialists at We Fix Now have issued advice after news that the recent hot weather is causing an increase in demand for water.
Taking shorter showers, running dishwashers and washing machines on full loads, and turning the tap off when brushing your teeth are all small steps that can be taken to help save water.
The BBC has reported on July 10 that many homes and businesses in Telford have been without water for over eight hours due to high demand. The water supplier for the area, Severn Trent Water, explained that the demand for water, as a result of the hot weather currently being experienced in the area, caused low pressure and loss of supply.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.060001
Retrieved Text: As one of the earth’s most precious resources, a simple way to boost your sustainable beauty credentials is to conserve the amount of water you use. It’s as easy as turning off the tap while brushing your teeth and taking shorter showers – both of which can help save gallons of water (and energy) every time you wash. Green beauty tip: Remember, Love Beauty and Planet’s Fast-Rinse Conditioners are the ultimate go-faster companion for shorter power showers. Ready, steady, go!
Another easy way to reduce waste is to make sure you use right down to the bottom of your sustainable beauty products. When levels of your favorites run low, show your love for the planet by carefully cutting the top open and scooping out the remaining product. Green beauty tip: Upcycle your Love Beauty and Planet Shampoo empties into cute containers to display fragrant dried herbs like lavender – how’s that for a pretty and planet-friendly way to scent your surroundings?!
What’s the easiest way to save water in your new sustainable beauty routine? Don’t use any at all! Skipping daily showers (no judgement here!) is a smart way to be water wise, with the bonus of buying you extra downtime (because you’ll also be skipping the blow dry, too). Green beauty tip: On shower-free days, Love Beauty and Planet Dry Shampoo and Love Beauty and Planet Cleansing Body Mists are your best beauty friends – they leave you looking, feeling and smelling refreshed from top to toe.
Psst! Did you know that our bottles are made from 100%

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.88922
Retrieved Text: If you have been recently diagnosed with psoriasis, your dermatologist will go over all the ins and outs of proper skincare. Two of the most important topics will be about moisturizing and bathing. Bathing can be a great way to deal with the pain and aching psoriasis can cause.
Your doctor will strongly advise against taking long baths or showers and tell you to avoid hot water. All bathing should take place as quick as possible and in lukewarm water. You may not need to shower or bathe on a daily basis and doing so can actually be more harmful to the skin by drying it out. Once you have finished with the shower or bath, pat yourself dry and make sure to moisturize the skin thoroughly afterwards to keep in the moisture.
Too many showers or baths can dry out the skin considerable if proper care is not taking right afterward. Dry skin is the worst nightmare for someone who suffers from psoriasis because dry skin equals itchy skin. Itchy skin leads to another flare-up.
Doctors will tell you short showers and baths are acceptable. Taking a shower can help aid in alleviating the symptoms of psoriasis and can give the body much of the moisture it needs. However, it is necessary to capture and lock in that moisture by applying skin creams and lotions.
When drying off, avoid quick rubbing motions that you may be used to. Instead, pat yourself dry and gently remove the excess water from your body. You don’t have to be completely dry to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.859526
Retrieved Text: Many Bay Area residents awoke to the pounding of rain against their windows last Thursday morning. Four days of sporadic showers had many crying “miracle” after one of the driest seasons on record, but the California drought is far from over.
While the past week has been exceptionally wet, with San Francisco receiving over three inches and Sonoma County getting four inches, the Bay Area would normally have received about 14.5 inches by this point.
Although reservoirs levels are creeping up, they are still far lower than necessary for California to escape drought.Even if the rain does continue over the next few weeks, conserving water is the only way to avoid a future of water rationing and snowless mountains.
Using less water sounds great in theory, but when faced with taking sporadic, 3-minute showers, cutting down on water doesn’t sound quite as appealing.
Stories of past generations recycling shower water and not flushing toilets, (“If it’s yellow let it mellow, if it’s brown, flush it down”) are just as applicable today as they were over 30 years ago.
California building codes require all houses built after 1994 will be required to install low-flow plumbing fixtures by 2017, although the state will most likely be out of the drought by that time, conservation is imperative to sustaining a healthy environment.
The United States Department of Agriculture recommends citizens who are not interested in replacing their existing showerheads and toilets turn off the faucet whenever possible.
Many Americans don’t realize how much water they use in a particular day between washing hands, flushing toilets, taking

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.507017
Retrieved Text: The Arctic is set to be a 21st century boomtown, as summer sea ice melts away, opening the area to increased trans-Arctic shipping and oil and gas development.
More and more people are trying to eat locally grown foods. But especially in winter, local vegetables are most likely to be found in the supermarket’s freezer section.
You won’t make big cuts in your environmental impact by taking shorter showers or turning out the lights. The real environmental problem, a new analysis has shown, is embodied in the things you buy.
Sure, we’re less active than we used to be. But little suggests this is the main explanation for the obesity epidemic.
The world wastes a staggering 1.3 billion tonnes of edible food annually, some of which is due to confusion over expiry dates. ScienceNordic helps you figure out what to eat and what to toss.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.46338
Retrieved Text: Shorter Showers: The more the water runs, the more you have to pay. It’s that simple. So why not choose the simple solution of taking shorter showers? Yes — it’s nice and relaxing to take a long shower, but perhaps you’re willing to sacrifice for a couple months in order to save on your water bill.
Full Laundry Loads: It's tempting to run a small load of laundry when you need just a few things for upcoming travel or the work week. But a small load of laundry uses just as much water as a full load. Consider strategically doing your laundry only when you have a full load on hand.
Adjust Sprinklers: You don’t necessarily need to shorten the amount of time your sprinklers run. Instead, make sure the heads are pointing toward the right places and covering the areas of your yard that actually need water. If you’re watering the sidewalk, driveway or patio, you’re wasting money and not doing your grass or plants much good.
Raise Your Mower: Consider raising your mower level. The higher your grass, the more moisture your yard is going to be able to retain. When you have higher grass, you may be able to afford cutting back on your watering without sacrificing a beautiful yard.
Find and Fix Leaks: Leaks can be present throughout the year. But perhaps you haven’t worried as much about them when water bills are low through the winter months. In summer, finding and fixing leaks is an opportunity to reduce the amount of money you’re paying each

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.442358
Retrieved Text: The following article will take you through the topic of cold shower vs hot shower by giving you the properties of both and what each of them offers. Continue reading for more details.
On a hot summer day all you want to do is have a cold, cold shower and when the winter makes way, the prospect of taking a steaming hot shower is definitely quite appealing. While most of us follow this phenomenon of switching over to different temperatures of water according to how the weather is or how one is feeling, it is said that a cold shower is a much healthier choice to make. Is that true? And if so, how and why? To understand this factor in totality and to reach a consensus of the same, there needs to be a proper analysis done of the cold shower vs hot shower factor. Only then will one be able to deduce whether the benefits that are lent by a cold shower are more than a hot shower.
There are many advantages to taking a hot shower, and I mean other than the fact that having streams and jets of hot water traveling down your body makes you feel so, so good. Here are the main advantages that a hot shower has to offer.
A hot shower will help to clear out nasal blocks, chest congestion, and other respiratory problems. The hot steam, especially if mixed with eucalyptus or any other essential oil, has the capacity to soften the mucus and help get it out.
A hot shower

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.651926
Retrieved Text: By using this contact form you agree with the handling and storage of your data by this website.
"These ShowerBoBs are fantastic! Our students are now being able to save money and water with shorter showers."

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.64472
Retrieved Text: After National Water Week (which was on 16-22 October), it’s a good time for making water-wise apartment living second nature. Here are three good places to start.
Showers account for half of all water used in apartments. Install water-efficient showerheads or flow controllers, sourced from local hardware stores. Of course, shorter showers always help – three-four minutes or the length of your favourite song (excluding Bohemian Rhapsody).
Look up greenstrata.com.au: Run by property owners, Green Strata focuses on helping occupiers of apartment buildings improve the sustainability of their property and the community of residents.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.563139
Retrieved Text: Last month my power bill was $469. Ask my kids – I said it so often they know the number off by heart. Bills like that just make me want to … blog. (lol) I checked and last year at the same time and my bill was $100 less. My first thought was that it was caused by a friend who came to stay for a week with her teenagers – the two kids completely drained the hot water tank some nights with their showers. Then my ex came over and I asked him could he please take away his hunting fridge. He looks inside and there are two peices of venison now horribly rotten in an iced up expanse. I think we found the problem!
So it was a stinky job cleaning out the fridge but now it’s done. And, importantly, an energy sucking leach of an appliance is now unplugged. As if to prove its malignant drain on my finances the next power bill came in today and its 240 less. Of course Im taking shorter showers, switching stuff off and not using heaters as much now but… I still blame that freezer.
It has rained so much in my town this winter that I feel like I could have had some sort of hydro power device coming off my roof line. A friend went to solar power last year and even through winter its been supplementing her use of the national grid. Its just a shame it costs so much to get that installed. Hers

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.535133
Retrieved Text: Our children become more independent every year, and managing the health of their skin becomes very important during the ages of 5 – 8 years.
But how do you teach them the basics of good skin care at this age?
Establish good habits from the beginning and your child will feel more comfortable taking care of their sensitive skin. Opt for shorter showers over long baths. Studies have shown that cooler showers are better for those children with sensitive skin, keratosis pilaris or eczema because less natural moisture is pulled from the skin than in a long, hot bath.
For example, one arm untreated after their shower and one arm with the right skin care routine complete. Ask them to decide which area feels better, looks better and seems healthiest. Explain the benefits of good skin care early-on so they’ll be encouraged to continue to take care of their sensitive skin.
Show your child the best products to use after bathing (and before bed), how to use them and create a daily routine. The more independent your child can feel and the more they can do for themselves, the more confident they feel about their skin and body.
Keep trying until you find something that works.
We’ve tested many products in our home through the years, and have come across our favorites through trial and error. These are some of our top mom-tested products (and brands) for treating Grab your FREE KP Tip Sheet with 10 Ways to Improve your child’s Keratosis Pilaris!
My 7 yr old has KP on his face/arms/thighs and

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.52187
Retrieved Text: Running an energy-efficient home this winter doesn’t necessarily entail buying expensive solar panels or wind generators. Neither does it mean you have to wear your outdoor clothes inside to stop you shivering! Here are 8 useful tips.
Laundry: Wait until you have a full load of laundry and run the machine on cold. Detergents are available to clan clothes at low temperatures.
Dishes: Don’t pre-rinse your dishes as this wastes energy. And wait until the dishwasher is full before turning it on. If you have the time, use the air dry or no-heat dry settings so the dishes dry without using electricity.
Computers and TVs: Turn off your appliances when you are not using them. Even when they’re in standby mode they are still using electricity — it’s estimated 5% of household energy use is from appliances leaking away electricity. So turn them off at the wall.
Showers: While a long, hot shower is nice and relaxing, you can save a lot of money taking shorter showers and by installing energy-efficient showerheads that give you a good shower while reducing water use.
Space heaters: Surprisingly, space heaters are a lot cheaper than a central heating system. And don’t forget to turn them off when you’re out. Installing a programmable thermostat will also keep your heating bill low.
Furnace filter: Change the filter at the start of every season and then every month or two after because a dirty filter makes the furnace work harder and be less efficient.
Floors and drafts: If you’ve got hardwood floors, put down some rugs, particularly if you

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.307169
Retrieved Text: As trash takes over the planet via overflowing landfills, the growing Pacific Gyre, endless litter, and needless consumption, meanwhile something very important is rapidly disappearing – and you should be concerned. More and more trash, less and less… clean water.
I’ve dedicated my entire life to one environmental issue: Eliminating the Idea of Waste. When I met some of the talented folks at Art Takes Over (ATO) and Participant Media (producers of top films like Food, Inc. and An Inconvenient Truth), and I heard about their new documentary, "Last Call at the Oasis," I realized that while recycling and reuse should remain a top priority and top concern, there’s an environmental issue much bigger facing the 21st Century and that’s clean water.
I recently mentioned to you in my post about sustainable fashion that I think art is an incredible medium for pressing messages such as the need to recycle. TerraCycle had the pleasure of speaking with Jessica Yu, the Academy Award-winning director of "Last Call at the Oasis," for our podcast this week.
When Jessica mentioned to us that making a film about water was appealing to her, she talked about the intense imagery provided by water that they used throughout the film such as waterfalls, geysers and oceans. The contrast of these images with those of barren deserts, contaminated waterways and dried up life is stunning.
"Last Call at the Oasis" shows us why we need to be concerned about our water, even if we seem to have clean water in our homes day to day. Jessica told

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.135397
Retrieved Text: This is a terrific short film explaining the quandary we’re in. The entire system is broken. We don’t just need “personal solutions”, like shorter showers. What we need is a global social movement against industrial civilization. Time to get off the couch and start protesting. Can art inspire you to get off the couch??

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.053617
Retrieved Text: we offer you a convenient way to compare diprolene prices from the various online pharmacies, and then shop at the one you feel presents the best value! we have the best prices for diprolene to make shopping easier for you. it will give you a diprolene generic names, betamethasone trade names and many other good details about generic betamethasone. best betamethasone prices getting a high position on the our listing and you can buy diprolene or betamethasone online without a prescription at the best prices.
There are several steps you can take to counteract the drying effects of bathing.
* Try taking shorter showers or baths while using cooler, lukewarm water.
* Immediately after bathing, pat yourself dry with a towel instead of wiping off water. In addition, instead of completely drying off, leave a little water on your skin and quickly apply moisturizers. This will help trap the moisture on your skin.
* Use a softer soap that includes a moisturizer, such as Dove or Cetaphil.
* Use soap only on those areas that really need it - your face, hands, armpits, groin and feet.
* Take fewer baths. Try to limit yourself to one bath or shower a day or even every other day, if possible.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.932621
Retrieved Text: Your scalp is likely to get messy and sweaty after a high intensity workout. Follow these pro-tips to get shiny, lustrous locks post-workout.
Hair wash is the most common mistake women commit after workout. Excessive shampooing after every single workout extracts the natural oils and leaves your scalp dry and scanty. Hair needs to be washed not more than thrice a week.
Apply dry shampoo to the roots of your hair to control the sweating from your scalp. Dry shampoo keeps your mane clean, absorbs oil and prevents excessive moisture.
Women generally tie their hair tight in a ponytail or bun to avoid inconvenience from sweaty bangs or shorter layers during workout. This can lead to pulling of hair and breakage. Avoid securing your hair in tight rubber bands; opt for clips, bobby pins or thick soft cotton headbands instead.
Treating your hair in relaxed styles like a high ponytail, fish tail, loose bun, top knot or side/French braid helps maintain the volume of hair and keeps it healthy. Ensure that your tresses are tied loose enough to prevent any damage to your strands.
Post-blow-drying, section your hair and dry them out using a round brush to keep your mane away from any nasty sweat residue after workout. Unravel the strands gently with your fingers.
1. Comb or brush your tresses gently post-workout, as sweating leads to tangling and knotting.
2. Wearing a hat or cap while exercising doesn’t allow your sweat to evaporate easily. Leave your head open and let your tresses dry after workout.
3. If you have to wash your hair,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.919205
Retrieved Text: Hostel U sv. Stepana in Litomerice is located few minutes by walking from historical centre of town. Large building offers two types of accommodation in rooms with private bathroom and the rooms with sharing toilets and showers. This Litomerice hostel is great place to stay for individuals as well as for groups. Free parking, tourist point on reception, large garden and friendly reception. Come and enjoy your stay in Litomerice with Hostel U. sv.Stepana.
Ideal accommodation for school trips.
You can find us In the center of Litomerice, 100 meters from the cultural center and 500 meters from the Peace Square.
We are close to other interesting cities (in 30km): Terezin, Usti nad Laben, Decin.
by bus: If you go to Litoměřice bus from Prague and Usti nad Labem, so you bring the bus to the bus station, located near the train station – Litoměřice město . Hostel U sv. Štěpána is located approximately 1 km from the railway station square route through the Mirove náměstí or a little shorter way street on Na Valech, which leads to the hostel.
by train: Connection to Litoměřice train is much more complicated than the bus and waiting for you a couple of transfers. In the event that the train only stops at the station - Litoměřice město (see the bus the same way), but also stop Litoměřice horni nadraži, then get out there. Hostel is located only 500 meters from this stop. Walk down the street Liberecka and Masarykova to the hostel.
by car: The Hostel U sv. Štěpána in Litoměřice is situated at

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.811003
Retrieved Text: 24 inches long. Just light the end for a beautiful stream of sparks with special colors changing at the end. Does not burn down shorter. Stays the same length.
Directions: Emits Showers of Sparks. For use only under close adult supervision. For outdoor use only. Hold in hand, point away from body, clothing, and flammable material. Light fuse.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.703302
Retrieved Text: Hello. I have an interest in many things like art, acting, sewing, the environment, non-bulling, and ending world poverty and hunger. Check out my global gallery, and see my latest artwork.
We only get one world, and we might as well take care of it. There are so many ways you can help the environment, like turning the lights off when your not in the room, turning off your T.V. and going outside, biking to school instead of taking a car, recycling, reusing, switching to environmentally friendly products, taking shorter showers, planting a tree, or picking up litter.
I have a couple of ideas to help the environment. One of them is to create a machine, that you could but your garbage in, it could burn the garbage, and the energy from the fire could generate electricity. This way, your garbage will be much smaller so that you would only need to take out your trash once a year. Another good thing about this machine would be that you could turn your trash into useful electricity. Another idea of mine is to make cars run on cow or horse manure instead of harmful oils and gasses. This way we wouldn't have to dig deep into the earth to find what we need. Hello. I have an interest in many things like art, acting, sewing, the environment, non-bulling, and ending world poverty and hunger. Check out my global gallery, and see my latest artwork.
This is a space for buca15 to share inspiration, information, and opportunities for involvement with global

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.673193
Retrieved Text: In today’s episode of the Productivity Power Up podcast, we discuss the possible benefits of taking cold showers, which Vickie has recently introduced into her daily routine as a way to boost her productivity.
She first learned about taking cold showers on The Tim Ferriss Podcast and then began doing some research about it on her own. We will share what she found out, and Vickie will share her own experience with taking cold showers.
Old Guy: An intervention? Who’s intervening?
JERRY: There’s a friend of ours on drugs and we’re going to confront him.
Question: Do you take cold showers? You can leave a comment by clicking here.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.59783
Retrieved Text: Before I had kids of my own, I never would have thought that taking a shower would be considered a luxury. But, in the 5½ years since Big Sister E was born, that concept has drastically changed in my mind... and I'm fairly sure that nearly every parent out there knows why (and agrees).
Therefore, although I know that it isn't financially or environmentally conscious to take a long shower, the times that I find myself able to take one with no one else in the bathroom have the ability to stretch out a bit more than they should. What can I say? The appeal of standing in the soothing hot water without someone talking nonstop through the shower door (or worse, knocking on the glass) sometimes makes my mind drift away.
Although the idea of an eco-friendly showerhead is appealing, many people immediately assume that they are synonymous with low-flow and that their shower performance will suffer. Who wants to stand there in a trickle of water?
Fortunately, Waterpik has the solution to provide a great shower experience while helping families everywhere stop wasting water with their Waterpik ECO 563 EcoFlow shower head.
Engineered to save water and money without sacrificing a great shower experience, Waterpik EcoFlow shower heads are just the thing to provide the best of both worlds (shower pressure while saving water). Using the OptiFlow technology — which optimizes the flow through the water channels and nozzles — EcoFlow shower heads improve spray force to deliver an invigorating shower experience.
As their logo states: It's conservation without

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.42214
Retrieved Text: In addition to the amount of work it takes to create an online lead generation system, once it’s in place it’s difficult to manage and requires a lot of human and financial resources. Mastering the complex Google Adwords platform, learning how to standout in a crowded newsfeed, graphic design for social media and your website, understanding website data and analytics and using them to improve lead generation, time to manage everything (or hiring professionals), and the list goes on. Online lead generation is not a create-it-and-leave-it system. It needs constant monitoring, management and improvement.
In the example below, REPL has already mastered the art of lead generation, saving real estate agents the hassle of having to do all of the technical background work themselves. Agents only need to focus on the last 3 steps of the platform while REPL takes care of the rest. By taking advantage of REPL’s proven system, agents can become more successful in a shorter period of time.
REPL’s fast and easy solution delivers leads directly to the agent’s inbox. In 3 steps, agents will be on their way to growing their sales funnel. Support is included along with training, blog articles, and a knowledge base which provides answers to the most commonly asked questions.
It only takes a few minutes to create a REPL account and begin receiving verified real estate leads. No longer do agents have to handle the paid advertising, digital marketing, website publishing and validating contact information that comes with generating online leads. Instead agents can jump straight into building priceless

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.412546
Retrieved Text: To help homeowners adjust to the continuing California drought, the San Diego County Water Authority is offering savings on drought-resistant plants and artificial turf.
The water authority and nearly a dozen local water agencies have teamed with Home Depot to offer savings on water-efficient plants at a series of “Garden Friendly Plant Fairs” through May. The first is scheduled for Saturday, Feb. 21, from 8 a.m. to noon at the Hope Depot store at 3555 Sports Arena Boulevard. A complete schedule is online.
Specially marked containers of low-water-use plants such as lavender, bougainvillea, society garlic and rosemary will be discounted during the plant fairs. Industry experts will be at the events to provide information about water-efficient irrigation, and how to select and grow low-water-use plants.
The artificial turf program offers a 10 percent discount on turf materials and installation from participating retailers, including Turf Evolutions, EasyTurf, Hellas, Athletic Turf Solutions and Players Turf USA.
The program is open to residential and commercial property owners. No application is necessary. Customers can call any of the participating vendors and mention the water authority’s program.
“Conditions for 2015 aren’t looking great, and it’s critical that each home, business and public agency find additional ways conserve, whether it’s a simple step such as taking shorter showers or a bigger commitment such as replacing water-intensive lawns,” said Mark Weston, chairman of the water authority.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.379364
Retrieved Text: Increasing numbers of people looking to reduce their environmental impact, and find new ways to be energy efficient, especially in their homes.
That’s why we’re sharing tips for people who are looking to be a little more green.
Older appliances are often less energy efficient than newer models. A&S homes come with the newest appliances, which can save energy and money.
Use LED light bulbs, which can be up to 80 per cent more efficient than other types of lights. In the common areas of our homes and condos we use a combination of LED and energy-saving compact fluorescent bulbs.
When you own a home, heating and cooling settings are in your control. You can take advantage of this by lowering your home’s temperature while you’re away. Not only is it more energy efficient, it can lead to cheaper bills.
Conserve water — this one can also save money. Things like low-flush toilets, taking shorter showers, and keeping cold water in the fridge (so you don’t always have to run the faucet to get it the way you like it) can all add up.
Making a home your own through decor is one of the fun parts of being a homeowner. Our Design Centre experts are becoming increasingly conscious of sustainable or energy-conserving features and products — and homeowners are fans. Read our tips for how to incorporate that into your own decor on our blog.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.33889
Retrieved Text: I wrote previously about how taking cold showers can transform your life and how there is much more to it than the health benefits (which are well documented). Now I would like to share with you the results of months of experimentation I have had with taking cold showers. And I would also like to share with you some tips and ideas which might make it easier for you to take the plunge into cold showering so you can enjoy the terrific benefits.
First, I just want to say that, in my opinion, the most transformative benefit of taking cold showers is the invigorating sense of strength, power and confidence that comes not only immediately after the shower, but becomes a permanent fixture of who you are.
In a previous article I detailed how I got into taking cold showers. And things were going fine and I was enjoying them very much, and then winter approached.
But this wasn’t just any winter, this was a winter without heat.
I live in southern China and it actually doesn’t get that cold in the winter, at least compared to what I was used to growing up in the Midwest in the U.S. But, this winter I did not have any heat in my apartment and the temperature inside my home would get as low as 45° F (7° C) inside.
As it got colder and colder in my home, I began to long more and more for hot, or at least warm, showers. Eventually, I succumbed and sighed in relief as I enjoyed

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.194248
Retrieved Text: (HealthDay News) -- Healthy skin looks radiant, but it may need a little extra TLC during the winter months.
Since hot water can make skin lose moisture, take shorter warm showers and baths.
Use a gentle, light exfoliator to slough off dead skin cells.
Don't pick at or peel dry skin.
Switch to an oil-based moisturizer that includes sun protection factor. Reapply throughout the day if you'll be outside.
Run a humidifier to keep home air moist.
If your clothes get wet, remove them as soon as possible to avoid irritating the skin.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.18375
Retrieved Text: This morning in Huntington at 7:00AM it’s currently 59 degrees under partly cloudy skies. Winds are calm. Relative humidity is 99%, dewpoint 59, barometric pressure 29.74”. We picked up 0.20” or rain in the past 24hrs. Yesterday’s high was 81, and the overnight low was 58.
Quiet weather is expected today before a series of disturbances in the flow aloft bring scattered showers and isolated thunderstorms to the region tonight through Saturday. We’ll see partly sunny skies today with highs in the upper 70s and west winds around 10 mph. Tonight should be partly cloudy with isolated showers after midnight. Lows will be around 60 with southwest winds around 10 mph. Chance of rain is 20%.
Saturday should be partly sunny with isolated showers in the morning, then scattered showers with isolated thunderstorms in the afternoon. Highs will be in the upper 70s with southwest winds around 10 mph. Chance of rain is 50%. Saturday night should be partly cloudy with scattered showers. Lows will be in the upper 50s with southwest winds around 10 mph. Chance of rain is 40%.
Sunday’s looking partly sunny with highs in the upper 70s and southwest winds around 10 mph. Sunday night should be partly cloudy with a 40% chance of showers. Lows will be in the lower 60s.
Last year on this date we had a high of 73 and a low of 53.
15d 9h old with 100% illumination.
Other names for this full moon include: “Summer” (Colonial American), “Hay” (English), “Claiming” (Celtic), “Mead” (Medieval Wiccan), and “Rose” (Neo-Pagan Wiccan).
Today’s full moon is

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.167328
Retrieved Text: We all have personal preferences, and some people prefer taking a shower to taking a bath. If your mobility issues are making taking a shower difficult in your tub or walk in shower, consider a no lip shower as a possible alternative.
No lip showers are perfect for people using crutches, walkers, and wheelchairs that may struggle to access even a standard walk in shower. Their small size and lip can cause issues entering and exiting the shower. No lip showers are larger than walk in showers and due to not having a lip are accessible by wheelchairs, walkers, and crutches.
No lip showers also come with a shower seat option, which means you don’t have to be able to stand to take a shower. They also offer handrails and handles for easy movement within the shower.
If you prefer a nice hot shower to a bath but struggle with mobility, a no lip shower might be the shower for you.

================



======= Instance Index 22 =========
Input Text: Roads present danger to animals because

Which is the correct answer?
- only chickens can cross the road
- people driving cars might be unaware the animal is close by
- road signs are hard to read
- cops will stop them for speeding

Target Text: people driving cars might be unaware the animal is close by

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.77598
Retrieved Text: PANAMA CITY Automobile motorists pose the biggest threat to wildlife in the Panama City metropolitan area, where they have run over more than 70 animals in danger of extinction this year, the state s environmental protection agency said.
The animals are run over when they instinctively cross roads in and around the capital that are adjacent to protected areas, such as the Metropolitan Natural Park, the Camino de Cruces National Park and the Soberania National Park, the environmentalists said in a statement.
Anteaters, opossums, sloths, snakes and squirrels have been among the species run over by unsuspecting drivers this year, the agency said.
The chief of protected areas for the Panama City metropolitan area, Marcos Salbarria, said these types of situations are an everyday occurrence, adding that although awareness-raising campaigns alert drivers to be more careful and not run over these animals, the number of victims is increasing.
Most of the animals struck by passing vehicles on roads that cross protected areas are mammals and reptiles.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.987957
Retrieved Text: In Project Roadkill we investigate, which species and how many animals are killed on roads.
The website contains pictures of dead animals.
In Project Roadkill you can participate in a scientific project with the aim to reduce roadkill. In this project we investigate, which animals are killed on roads and which factors are influencing roadkills. Your data allows us to identify roadkill hotspots. Our vision is to mitigate those hotspots in cooperation with local authorities.
Roadkills are all animals killed on roads. In most countries, official data on roadkills are only available for huntable wildlife. In the year 2012, amongst others 24852 European hare, 36865 Roe deer, 1414 European badgers were killed on roads in Austria. However, there are no data available on the effects of roads on non-huntable wildlife or red list species such as European hedgehog (Erinaceus europaeus) or European green toad (Bufo viridis).
Habitat fragmentation by roads has a severe impact on many animal species, particularly for those with high mobility or seasonal migration behaviour, such as mammals or amphibians. As a consequence, roadkill is one of the main reasons for the decrease of populations of several animal groups. Compared to a human flat, habitat fragmentation is like a road right in your corridor, seperating your living room from your kitchen.
Animals cross roads when foraging, in mating season (like deer, which cover long distances in search for a mating partner in autumn) or changing from winter to summer habitat (like amphibians). Species which migrate over long distances are especially affected by roadkill.
Humans are also affected by roadkill.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.43457
Retrieved Text: Especially in forest areas. Do not light any fires and please ensure that all matches are well extinguished before dropping them. Great damage is done every year to crops, plantations, woodlands and heaths. A match or cigarette thrown away or a pipe carelessly knocked out, picnic fires not properly extinguished, or lighted near dry crops can quickly start a blaze.
They are there to control stock movements. Escaped animals can damage crops or come into danger on roads - or they can become mixed with other animals and difficult to separate again. If animals get out of a field they stray. As a result they may do serious damage to crops, suffer injury on the roads, or eat food that is harmful.
Especially near stock. Worried animals can become sick or go into shock. Pregnant animals can miscarry. Young animals can be attacked and even killed. Animals are easily frightened, even by small, playful dogs. Stillbirths may be the result.
Please never trample on crops. Remember they are someone's livelihood. If you leave a path, it can be difficult to find the next gate or stile and - especially on the hills - it can be quite easy to get lost in a very short space of time. Crops are damaged by treading; flattened crops are difficult to harvest. Grass is a valuable crop.
Please do not attempt to climb over fences or walls. They are easy to damage and costly and time consuming to repair. If these are damaged, gaps will be caused. Where a person goes, an animal

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.01963
Retrieved Text: Motorists across Devon are still being urged not to travel unless necessary tonight and into Sunday morning.
While the situation has improved for many and a large proportion of the county’s A and B roads are now clear or passable, many minor and side roads still present a danger to drivers. There is also danger from surface water and the risk of icy patches.
All our gritters will be out again tonight as a as a precaution.
Elsewhere, access to some more isolated communities has yet to be restored and snow clearing will continue throughout tomorrow.
Crews have now broken through the drifts on the A39 to Lynton to restore a single track connection. Work will continue on this route throughout the night.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.809475
Retrieved Text: The Communications Minister and Member of Parliament (MP) for Ablekuma West Constituency, Ursula Owusu -Ekuful has toured her constituency to inspect the poor nature of roads and open drains with the Minister of Roads and Highways, Kwasi Amoako-Atta.
The deplorable state of the roads, the open drains coupled with the choked gutters poses danger to residence who finds it difficult to live and move around easily.
The situation is also causing a serious heartbreak to vehicle owners who are forced to visit the mechanics over consistent damages and breakdown of their vehicles due to the major pot holes in the town.
The sector minister, Hon. Kwasi Amoako-Atta who was alarmed by the situation in the constituency has earmarked four major roads linking the breadth and length of the town to be treated as emergency projects.
He indicated the danger in plying these roads requires quick maintenance and construction to ease movement.
According to him, he will give approval for the construction of four major roads in the constituency after touring the 3.5 kilometer Western Link to Dansoman SSNIT, the Tunga road, Zodiac and Sahara on Monday 9th October for construction.
He added that similar exercises will be conducted in other parts of the constituency to repair and construct new roads for easy commuting.
The sector minister has also ordered the reconstruction of the open drains and the construction of new bridges to allow passage of rain water that usually bring about flooding in some parts of the town within a period of one week.
Hon. Kwasi Amoako-Atta tasked the Director of Urban Roads at

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.672352
Retrieved Text: The mixing of the products of many individual animals is also a source of danger; if any one is infected, the entire resulting product may be contaminated. For example, the meat of hundreds of animals may be present in a single hamburger patty; this compounds the danger of contracting food poisoning.
Another source of risk is the water used to clean fruits and vegetables. Washing uncooked produce is an important step to ensuring safety, but the danger is not eliminated. Unclean water for washing or chilling fruits and vegetables elevates the risk that the food will be contaminated. This is coupled with the risk posed by pesticides remaining on the food. Finally, special care must be taken when consuming mushrooms; some varieties are quite poisonous and a mistake can have serious consequences.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.15293
Retrieved Text: There’s been a huge amount of support for our End Lorry Danger campaign, which is calling on London’s mayor to get lethal lorries off London’s roads through a rush hour lorry ban, ‘direct vision’ lorries and stronger enforcement on rogue operators. Over 3000 people signed the petition in the first 24 hours, with almost 2000 comments in support of the proposals.
Today the London Cycling Campaign marked the month anniversary of the HGV death of 26-year-old cyclist Ying Tao at Bank to demand a 8am-9.30am ban on lorries over 7.5 tonnes, HGVs with better vision for drivers and stronger enforcement against rogue operators. The tipper truck driver stopped at the scene and City of London police launched an investigation after the death of Ms Tao.
The LCC fears the Mayor’s Safer Lorry scheme, due to be introduced in six weeks, does not go far enough as it will only require lorries to have basic safety equipment, which most already do. Lorries have been involved in seven of the eight cycle deaths in London this year.
Ashok Sinha, chief executive of LCC, said: “Forty per cent of cycling fatalities involving lorries occur in the morning rush hour. Almost all of these fatalities involve the construction and waste industry lorries that flood onto our roads at the same time thousands of people are cycling to work.
While we agree that we don’t want to see lorries flooding into town once the rush hour is over, we don’t accept that this is the likely outcome of a rush hour ban. Such a ban

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.139227
Retrieved Text: Citizens in the Bradyville area of Gilley Hill Road believe road conditions there are threat to motorists and children traveling on school buses.
Anna Pittman, who heads up Neighborhood Watch in the area, addressed the Cannon County Commissioners regarding shoddy roads in the Bradyville area during their regular monthly meeting at the Cannon County Courthouse Saturday (April 19).
Seven of the 10 commissioners were present with Clint Higgins, Chuck Holt and Todd Hollandsworth absent. Mark Barker, Jim Bush, Kevin George, Jim Jones, Jimmy Mingle, Tony Neal and Russell Reed were present.
Pittman presented a petition signed by more than 180 residents in the Bradyville area concerned with road deterioration and the current 55 mile-per-hour speed limit.
Commissioners voted to lower the speed limit from 55 to 45 from Bradyville Church of Christ to Gilley Hill. Jim Jones made the motion, which was seconded by Russell Reed. It passed unanimously.
Pittman also addressed the need to have the road repaired. Pittman presented photos of the roads and said they are passed due for improvement.
George pointed out that the county has nothing to do with improving state roads.
Pittman said she has had meetings with the highway department, road commissioners, cou-nty commissioners and state representatives during recent years.
Barker pointed out some counties set aside money for county roads, but not Cannon County.
Pittman told commissioners the road from the church to Gilley Hill is a danger to those who travel it, including school buses with children that travel the road four times daily.
Mingle discussed county roads. He suggested there are roads designated as county roads

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.966013
Retrieved Text: The purpose of this policy and procedure is to ensure the greatest possible level of safety for students and staff with regard to animals on School District property and in school buildings.
In general, animals are not allowed to be on School District property. This general prohibition includes domestic dogs, cats, birds, and other pets, and especially applies to potentially dangerous exotic animals.
Prior to allowing animals in schools or classrooms, steps are to be taken to ensure that students and employees are not allergic to the presence of these animals, that the animals will present no physical danger to students or employees, and that the animals are free from any disease or parasites. Prior to introducing any animals into classrooms and using animals as part of the educational program, teachers shall make all efforts to ensure that students receive instruction in the proper care and handling of animals.
Owners of animals will be responsible for the safe and sanitary removal of their pet’s excrement from buildings and grounds.
Venomous snakes and insects will not be allowed on School District property or in school buildings without the written consent of the Principal who will be satisfied that they are caged and present no safety issues.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.722511
Retrieved Text: This pooch knows how to put the paw to the metal.
In yet another example of why the internet is the best place to find great clips of animals doing extraordinary things, we present to you this dog, Daisy, who shuttles around a little boy, Oliver, in a toy car.
Don't be fooled: it turns out someone else is operating this remote controlled car because neither Daisy nor Oliver can even reach the pedals. However, Daisy is steering the vehicle to make this the most adorable chauffeur you've ever seen.
She's certainly doing such a solid job maneuvering the car that we'd love to see her on the roads, calming everyone with road rage who sees her.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.68581
Retrieved Text: The Gujarat government is concerned about the fate of tourists at its newest tourist attraction, the Statue of Unity. So it is doing something unprecedented: it is relocating almost 500 mugger crocodiles (Crocodylus palustris) away from two ponds near an airplane-landing site near the statue.
At one level, this seems like a preemptive managerial move, the sort hardly ever seen in terms of encounters with potentially dangerous animals. Governments have been known to turn a blind eye to the presence of wildlife, as the Centre did when it planned to construct railway lines through the Melghat tiger reserve, fully aware that trains have been known to kill tigers.
In a similar instance, it has planned to land aircraft in the Chilika wetlands. The million+ migratory birds that visit the site could easily jeopardise the vehicles, and the vehicles in turn could disturb the birds as well. And as has often been the case, infrastructure plans made in haste will also adversely impact people around the area.
Yet the muggers’ removal, while couched in concern for tourists, is a problem in many ways. First, the Wildlife (Protection) Act, 1972, says only those animals that present a proven danger to humans can be moved. Crocodiles are protected under Schedule I of the Act, its highest provision. However, the hundreds of crocodiles in question have not proved to be a danger to human life yet. They only present a potential danger but the Act does not cognise that. This is like locking up all king cobras in a state because they can

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.660828
Retrieved Text: Домой Английский язык 7 сыныптың ағылшын тілі бойынша сабақтың жоспары №21 Сабақтың тақырыбы: Animals are in danger.
№21 Сабақтың тақырыбы: Animals are in danger.
II. Сабақтың тақырыбымен, мақсаттарымен таныстыру.
Read the text and complete the chart below.
There were 300 species of elephants everywhere, today you can find them in Africa and India. Especially Asian and Indian elephants are in danger. Hunters have been killing elephants for meat, for their ivory tusks for a long time.
Today many elephants in Africa are dying because they do not have enough food to eat and space to live. Today only I million elephants live on the planet. Some day they may disappear.
Before the war time tigers had enough space to live. Today tropical forests became less and less. People have been hunting tigers since the war. They may disappear, too.
People hunt the blue whale for meat, fat and oil.
Thirty years ago there were 100.000, rhinos in Africa. Today there are probably less than 4,000.|ln Kenya, Zambia and rhino horn is a fortune.
Where do tigers come from?
Do people threaten some animals?
Следующая статья№22 Сабақтың тақырыбы: Animals are in danger.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.619987
Retrieved Text: Generate a system of posters to communicate the issue about animals that are in danger of extinction. We wanted to create a visual impact, easily recognisable and simple to understand.
We've decided to present a collection of four posters representing the number of animals that are in danger of extinction using the same legend as the tickets that are “sold out” (agotado) at an entertainment show. In this way we were using a format usually reserved for entertainment to convey a serious environmental problem.
These posters were placed in various billboards in the city of Barcelona, supporting the dissemination of the cause for both residents and the thousands of tourists who visit this beautiful city each year.
They are points of free dissemination and a high traffic of people saw it every day. This strategy helped us to achieve a high breadth of communication in a cost effective manner.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.499397
Retrieved Text: Animals recognition is one of the research areas in which few effective technologies have been proposed, especially in the predator animals' domain. Predator animals present a great danger to people who are camping or staying in outdoor areas and they are also a menace to livestock. In this paper, a multiple feature detection of predator animals is proposed. This method focuses on the face of the animal, explicitly the eyes and the ears. A database was created by collecting the features of ears and eyes from 10 animals and an experiment was conducted using machine learning techniques such as SVM and MLP to classify them as predators or pets. The evaluation results achieved the classification accuracies of 82% for MLP and 78% for SVM, which justify its effectiveness for the proposed method.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.389036
Retrieved Text: All the plants and animals in the park are protected. Leave the park as you find it.
Bins are not provided. Please take your rubbish with you.
Light fires only in the fireplaces provided. Learn more about campfire safety.
Horse riding is not permitted.
Vehicles and motorbikes may be used only on roads open to public vehicles. All vehicles must be registered and drivers licensed.
Be self-sufficient with drinking water. Carry it in and/or know how to make untreated water safe for drinking. For more information read Water - make it safe to drink, contact Parks Victoria on 13 1963 or visit the Better Health Channel.
Mobile phones may not be in network range in some areas of the park.
This park has been assessed to have a high level of bushfire risk and will be closed for public safety on days of Code Red Fire Danger Rating.
On days of Code Red Fire Danger parks and forests are not safe places to be. For your own safety, do not enter parks or forests and if you are already there you should leave the night before or early in the morning .
For more information on the location of parks within Bureau of Meteorology forecast districts and closures on days of forecast Code Red Fire Danger Rating, click here.
Fires (including barbecues) must not be lit on days of Total Fire Ban. For more information about Total Fire Bans visit the CFA website.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.311245
Retrieved Text: This kind of map lets you have a good look at the big picture of where you want to go. The U.S.A. Road Atlas map shows you the whole country and is useful for deciding the general route you want to take and the places you might want to avoid. This is helpful during events such as epidemics or nuclear contamination, so that you have a good idea of how far away you need to travel to be safe from the danger zone.
State road maps are more detailed than the U.S.A. road atlas maps. They can give you more options on the possible routes you might want to take to get to your bug out location. These maps show all the major roads, highways, and interstates within your entire state area. You can also find the minor routes here that don’t appear on the U.S.A. road atlas. You will want to take these minor routes as much as possible because they tend to get less traffic. Most people will probably only be familiar with the major roads and will tend to congregate there.
If you plan to bug out somewhere in the wilderness, then this map will be invaluable to you. Fire road maps are also known as forest service maps. They can provide you with the locations of different fire and logging roads that go through national forests and public lands.
This is another important map if your bug out location is out in the wilderness. If this is the case, you will likely have to hunt

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.25599
Retrieved Text: The first article was the introduction, this is the second article and this article will explain more about the general management on a poultry farm.
Since many important pathogens can be transmitted by airborne transmission, the location is considered to be a critical point in the external biosecurity on the farm.
The orientation of the farm and the position of the access and exit roads should be chosen in such a way that any contact with the outside world is kept to a minimum. Physical protection from the outside can be achieved by putting a fence around the farm. In this way, the farm area and buildings can be closed when the poultry farmer is not on side.
Broiler farms can be exploited in two different ways: one age present on the farm at the same time or more ages present on the farm at the same time, both in floor systems or cage systems.
Animals of different ages may have different levels of sensitivity to certain pathogens. For that reason, it is critical to keep different age groups separate in order to avoid the transmission of pathogens to each other.
Because the broiler production industry has become very intensive over the past years, a good housing system is essential to keep the animals healthy.
We hope that you are interested in these articles, we explained now the basics about general management, next topic is about day-to-day management (article 3).

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.150913
Retrieved Text: MOTORISTS are facing treacherous conditions in the Staffordshire Moorlands because of falling snow.
Police are urging people to make only essential journeys and warn the A53 is closed beyond Flash Bar heading from Leek.
Some roads in the Biddulph Moor area – including Woodhouse Lane – are impassable because of snow.
The Met Office has issued a yellow weather warning for snow across the Moorlands until midinight.
The snow is expected to turn into rain overnight but there is a danger of icy conditions on roads tomorrow morning.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.016663
Retrieved Text: Last month, the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission (FWC) received three known reports of well-intentioned good Samaritans incorrectly releasing gopher tortoise hatchlings into the ocean. Gopher tortoises cannot swim well and can easily drown. Because gopher tortoises often nest in dunes adjacent to sea turtle nesting beaches, correct identification of these terrestrial animals is important before deciding what action, if any, is necessary.
To distinguish gopher tortoises from sea turtles, simply inspect their limbs from a distance: Gopher tortoises have toes, with claws on each toe. Sea turtles have flippers with only one or two claws present on each foreflipper. Proper identification can be achieved without handling the animals. Please see our gopher tortoise photos at http://bit.ly/1ysPccM for help discerning gopher tortoises from sea turtles.
All five species of sea turtles found in Florida are federally endangered or threatened and managed under the Endangered Species Act as well as under Florida Statutes; the gopher tortoise is listed under state law. If you spot any of these species in danger on the beach, please do not disturb the animal. Instead, call the FWC’s Wildlife Alert Hotline at 888-404-FWCC (3922) or call #FWC or *FWC on your cell phone.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.96805
Retrieved Text: As you travel country roads, watch for signs of fighting dogs tied out to posts or trees in fields and forests, without human habitation nearby, often without shelter. They are neglected and need help. They can die in severe weather. Call any authorities you trust to uphold compassionate animal welfare standards.
Because they don’t want to arouse suspicion about participating in an illegal sport, some dog fighters don’t keep their fighting dogs at home. They chain them to posts. They hide them in fallow fields, patches of woods, dry creek beds. Or they may hide them in long-vacant buildings. Before dawn or after dark, the owners stealthily feed and water their animals every few days. Unbelievably, they will even raise litters of puppies in these terrible conditions.
If you happen to drive by someone headed into a field or woods and toting a bucket or two, take notice. Come back later. If that person is gone, holler out loudly and see if you can raise a bark or two coming from that same direction. Talk to any nearby neighbors as well. If you become convinced that dogs are being kept in remote locations away from human habitation, you must take action. These dogs are in danger of dying from exposure, from neglect, from sickness, or from attack by larger predators. Call any authorities you trust to uphold compassionate animal welfare standards.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.888092
Retrieved Text: Lantau’s bovine population is again making headlines following new moves to banish the herd to the uninhabited Soko Islands.
Fed-up with cattle related issues on what is Hong Kong’s largest island, rural chiefs and the Islands District Committee are lobbying government to remove Lantau’s cattle and buffalo herds.
This is despite earlier this year the government issuing the Sustainable Lantau Blueprint which calls for the conservation of rural Lantau’s cultural heritage and more specifically for the protection of Pui O wetland, which is the home to the local water buffalo herd.
At a recent Islands District Council meeting it was argued that the cows pose a danger to the public and to traffic on Lantau’s permit-only roads. Some sectors of the community are also reportedly angered by the animals trashing farmland and gardens.
But according to opponents of the herds’ removal, accidents caused by speeding traffic is much more of a problem than cattle on the roads.
There are currently around five cattle and three buffalo herds roaming freely on Lantau. Historically, attempts to manage the population have been partially successful.
In 2007, 16 buffalo and cattle died during transportation away from Lantau and in 2013 a cattle-swapping experiment between South Lantau and Sai Kung led to the death of two cows.
The online petition can be found at supporthk.org and is open for signatories until Dec 25.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.830044
Retrieved Text: In this world, every thing that are living can breathing in air. Air is the important part of our life. There are three essential things and without this living organisms are not live and survive in this world.
That things are water, air and food. But animals, plants and human beings need air for the survival. Air are the combination of different gases like oxygen, carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide, ozone, nitrogen and other gases. All these gases can combine to form outer atmosphere of air.
In living organisms, every species need the different types of gases for their growth like human beings inhaled the oxygen and release the carbon dioxide during breathing but the plants use carbon dioxide for the preparation of their food in the presence of sunlight. Animals are also used oxygen for breathing.
During the last 5 to 10 years, by increasing the population the number of factories, industries, auto mobiles are increases. All these things disturb the environmental balance due to the release of dangerous gases. These dangerous gases when enters the atmosphere as a result the fresh air would be polluted.
Another factor of air pollution are the cutting of large number of trees because the trees absorb the carbon dioxide and release the oxygen and make the environment fresh.
The present situation of the environmental are so miserable, which is the great danger for the next generation because when the amount of dangerous gases increases in the atmosphere, as a result the human beings, plants and animals do not survive.
So it is the responsibility of

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.81956
Retrieved Text: Reindeer in northern Norway are to be fitted with special biodegradable reflector cuffs in an attempt to prevent road accidents.
Around 10,000 reindeer will have the cuffs placed on their horns after a trial period between 2010 and now was considered a success. The reflector cuffs, which are made out of corn in order to be environmentally friendly, will be used on herds across the Scandinavian country so they are more visible to motorists.
Norwegian Public Roads Administration senior adviser Kristian Overnes explained, however, that because reindeer are pack animals not all of them needs to be fitted, noting that just some of the herd need tagged.
Norway is home to around 200,000 reindeer, with the majority of them owned by the indigenous Sami population. They have previously attempted sticking reflective tape to the animals, but the glue used was ineffective in the cold winter weather.
This is not the first time authorities in Norway have looked at ways to improve road safety in connection with animals wondering onto roads. In September last year, the Public Roads Administration began installing ‘disco poles’ complete with loud noises and flashing lights along some of the country’s busier roads to scare elk away.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.635736
Retrieved Text: This weekend we took our kids to one of the most fun parks in the Hampton Roads area, Bluebird Gap Farm located in Hampton, Virginia. If you’re visiting or new to Hampton Roads, and you have kids, this is a great way to spend a few hours. Bring a picnic and make a day of it. There is no fee to enjoy this park which makes it even better. Be sure to add this to your free things to do with kids in Hampton, Roads list when planning your visit.
When at this park you can enjoy a family adventure while having an opportunity to educate your kids about farm animals which is cool because you don’t need to travel to the countryside to enjoy this. It’s nestled within an urban environment and has a bunch of cool animals from your typical farm animals like pigs and goats, horses and cows, but you also can see alpacas and llamas and peacocks! You can also buy snacks to feed the farm animals too. How much fun is that? Apart from the farm animals, they have a garden, and great playgrounds as well as covered pavilions and stuff to hold a nice little gathering. Picnic tables are plentiful and the ambiance is great.
Ellena’s favorite thing to do at the park (or any park) are the swings. She loves them.
We made a little video of some highlights from our afternoon at Bluebird Gap Farm.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.614809
Retrieved Text: The New Forest pony is a well known symbol of and attraction to the New Forest, and many visitors to the area don't realise that these ponies are not wild, but are all privately owned by local people.
But it's easy to see why New Forest ponies are often mistaken as being wild - they are free to roam all around the Open Forest and can appear more or less anywhere at anytime. Their movements are restricted only by fencing and cattle grids on every road that crosses the New Forest area boundary (not the general National Park boundary).
The New Forest pony is in fact a recognised breed - one of the nine Mountain and Moorland pony breeds of the British Isles - and are renowned for their hardiness, gentle nature and good 'rideability'.
Obviously over the centuries the breed has improved and evolved into the animals that we know today, but records of ponies being owned and ridden date back to 300AD. The pony's ancestry goes back much further however, to the times when wild ponies and horses roamed freely over much of the British Isles.
New Forest pony owners are known as 'Commoners', a term that dates back to when the New Forest was first created in 1079 by King William I.
The ponies that you see today on the Open Forest are being allowed to graze ('depastured'). This is a right of the Commoner, and again comes from the time of King William, when local animal owners were permitted to graze their livestock on open Crown land,

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.541626
Retrieved Text: If you are snorkeling in the Red Sea around the Marsa Alam region, you have a chance to meet the dugong (Dugong dugon). It is a rare and extremely special experience to meet such a large mammal. An adult dugong is usually around 3 meters long with a weight of around 400 kg – but it can grow to 4 meters and 900 kg in its 70 years lifespan.
Dugongs are present in the entire Indo-West Pacific. But it is considered vulnerable by IUCN, and in many areas it may still be present with a few animals, but is in practical terms extinct as there are too few for them to breed and sustain a population. The female usually gives birth to only one calf, and it doesn’t leave its mother for several years. Thus, the dugong is very vulnerable for deaths among the adults – especially the female animals. The dugong is present in the Red Sea, but it is very difficult to estimate how many there are.
Often you find that the animals have scars on the body, this is a way to tell the individuals apart.
The dugongs in the Red Sea are probably not threatened by getting caught in fishing nets – they are probably more in danger of being hit by a boat propellers, disturbance from snorkelers and divers – or from loss of seagrass beds.
Tagged dugong. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.526205
Retrieved Text: On the first protest against live animal transport in Croatia, October 25, 2008, gathered 120 people.
The slogans that were shouted repeatedly at the protest were: "Animals are not a stock, it has got to stop," "Stop the transport," "The suffering is great on a journey from farm to plate," "We shout for animals, to abolish transport," "Animals are shattered, don't participate," "Six millions, they are conscious beings," and "Cruelty on the road, think about your diet."
Numerous posters said: "At Croatian borders animals wait for hours," "Suffering in the trucks because of profit," "Animal transportation – cruelty on the road," "Trucks filled with pain travel along European roads," "10 days after birth into loaded trucks," "Journey into misery, journey towards the plate," "At the end of each transportation there is a plate," "Exhausted, crushed, thirsty and hungry," "End the transport, let's not participate," "Plate without meat, road without suffering," "Billions of animals a year – thousands of kilometers of suffering," "It's a long and agonizing journey from farm to plate," "Thousands of kilometers of suffering on the way to death," "Six millions of tragedies on the roads of Europe", "Animals are conscious beings, not a stock," "The law is not enforced – animals are suffering," etc.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.487013
Retrieved Text: The condition of the land in the Northwest appears to be inadequate to support large populations. The vast majority of the vegetation in some areas consists of desert plants. Cactus and other thorned plants cover much of the hillsides and make it very dangerous to go more then a few feet inwards from the roads. I noticed common planting of Euphorbia as a living fence, and I wonder about danger of escape of this or other exotic species into native areas.
A certain percent of the population is involved with what seem fairly desperate efforts, the making of charcoal from almost every source of wood, including cactuses. Besides the ravages of goats, it is generally held that charcoal making is one of the main contributors to deforestation.
Family sizes are large, so overpopulation will continue to push people out of the Northwest to overcrowded Port-au-Prince and to less desirable land which is more fragile. The farmers are very aware of what their needs are, for technical help with seeds, water, soil conservation, and animal health. Unfortunately, many goats run wild, although most are tethered to small, unimproved paddocks or just along the side of the road. People are extremely motivated to adopt new technology.
Most agricultural labor in Northwest Haiti is entirely by hand. Even the use of donkeys or cattle to pull plow equipment must be rare, because I only saw people hoeing by hand. In another area, the very productive rice area in the low lying L'estere north of Port-au-Prince, farmers were leveling the mud in rice

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.42471
Retrieved Text: Dec. 5 was World Soil Day, and this year’s theme was “Soil Pollution, a Hidden Reality.” Most of us never think about the soil under our feet, but in reality, soil is essential to our daily lives. It provides the support for our homes and roads, holds water for plants, animals, and humans to drink, grows trees that provide us with oxygen, food and lumber – I could go on and on.
The Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations defines soil pollution as the presence in the soil of a chemical or substance out of place and/or present at a higher than normal concentration that has adverse effects on any nontargeted organism. Soil pollution, like water pollution, can be a hidden danger because it can often be difficult to perceive but have significant consequences to our well-being. While it might be easy to blame corporations for soil pollution, awareness of our own activities and their ramifications is key to keeping soil healthy. As the Tanzanian proverb says, “Little by little, a little becomes a lot.” Here are some little ways you can contribute to healthier soil.
• What happens above ground affects what happens underground. Home sewage treatment systems rely on soil to function. Protect your system by not planting trees on it or driving over it and by directing excess surface water away from the site. Septic tanks and aeration tanks fill up. To keep your system, your family, and your soil and water healthy, your tank should be pumped every three to five years.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.385235
Retrieved Text: Volvo has hit some challenges in the land down under while testing its animal detection system in its self-driving cars. The Swedish car company admits that kangaroos confuse the car's Large Animal Detection system. The kangaroos are too unpredictable for the system which has been successfully tested against Scandinavian animals such as elk and moose. The erratic hopping nature of the kangaroos is apparently too much for the safety feature.
Managing director of Volvo Australia, Kevin McCann, said there is plenty of time for the system to be engineered to recognize the marsupial as Volvo’s driverless cars are not set for release until 2020. Volvo's technical manager David Pickett explained that the system used the ground as a base point for gathering data, so the hopping movement of kangaroos made it difficult for the software to judge how close the car was to the animal.
The detection system was designed in Sweden with four legged animals such as elk used in the developmental stages of the testing. Trials conducted in Canberra, Australia revealed the potential problem of the two legged kangaroo.
Kangaroos are a huge danger on Australian roads. They are involved in 90% of collisions between animals and cars and in some cases have been the cause of fatalities. Roads are heavily signposted and cars that travel in kangaroo prone areas are commonly fitted with “roo bars” that protect the car and its inhabitants from damage if a collision occurs. Cars are also often fitted with a device that emits a high pitch whistle that is designed to

================



======= Instance Index 23 =========
Input Text: plant requires what for photosynthesis

Which is the correct answer?
- light that changes color
- light from our closest star
- the reflection of something shiny
- light reflected from our orbiting rock

Target Text: light from our closest star

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 27.06681
Retrieved Text: Journey into the chloroplast, where photosynthesis takes place, to learn how plants convert sunlight into usable chemical energy - one of the most vital processes on Earth.
Leaves are small solar-powered food factories.
Through a process called photosynthesis they make their own food.
Using only water, carbon dioxide and the Sun's energy they produce glucose and oxygen.
They form the basis of the global food chain.
Plants are able make their own food using only carbon dioxide, water, and the energy from sunlight.
This chemical reaction is called photosynthesis and it supports all other complex life on Earth.
Every leaf is a solar-powered food factory, producing the food a plant requires from simple ingredients: water and carbon dioxide.
Water enters the plant via root hair cells and travels up to the leaves in tubes called xylem.
Carbon dioxide from the atmosphere enters the leaf through tiny holes called stomata.
It is here in the chloroplasts, tiny cellular bags filled with chlorophyll, that photosynthesis occurs.
Chlorophyll is key: it traps energy from the Sun and uses it to bond carbon dioxide from the air to hydrogen from the water.
This process produces glucose, which is used for the plant's growth and stored as starch.
A waste gas – oxygen – is produced.
Like carbon dioxide, oxygen is exchanged through the stomata.
Photosynthesis is a simple equation.
Without this essential process, plants couldn't grow.
And if plants couldn't grow and reproduce, other organisms would have nothing to eat.
Plants are the basis of the global food chain.
Plants' consumption of carbon dioxide, and production of oxygen by photosynthesis, is what creates our life-sustaining atmosphere.
Which is why photosynthesis

########
Rank: 1
Score: 26.203104
Retrieved Text: The pineapple is the second most grown fruit crop behind bananas, with 85 countries producing about 25 million metric tons each year. It’s sweet, exotic, tasty. Most people love it. But there’s more to the pineapple than meets the eye. It’s one of the most drought resistant crops out there, and scientists have now finally identified the genes that make the pineapple so resilient. By genetically engineering similar crops that share a genetic history with the pineapple it’s possible to lend its drought resistance, and thus help curb the stress these face at the hand of global warming.
Although largely everyone in the world largely refers to the fruit as “ananas”, the first English speaking settlers called it the pineapple due to its resemblance with a pine cone. Christopher Columbus brought this native of South America back to Europe as one of the exotic prizes of the New World. It’s thought, however, that the pineapple was first domesticated about 6,000 years ago in what is now southwest Brazil and eastern Paraguay.
Like most plants, the ancestors of the pineapple went though various genome doubling. Tracking the remnants of these genome duplications proved to be the scope of the researchers at the University of Illinois. The team sequenced the entire genome of the pineapple, along with certain grasses, and found evidence of two whole-genome duplications in the tropical fruit’s history. The sequencing also validated previous findings of three such duplications in grasses. The most important findings have to do with how the pineapple performs photosynthesis.
In photosynthesis — the most

########
Rank: 2
Score: 26.148195
Retrieved Text: Light reactions occur when plants synthesize food from carbon dioxide and water, referring specifically to the part of energy production that requires light and water to generate electrons needed for further synthesis. Water provides the electrons by splitting into hydrogen and oxygen atoms. The oxygen atoms combine into a covalently bonded oxygen molecule of two oxygen atoms while the hydrogen atoms become hydrogen ions with a spare electron each.
As part of photosynthesis, plants release oxygen -- as a gas -- into the atmosphere while the electrons and hydrogen ions or protons react further. These reactions no longer need light to continue, and are known in biology as the dark reactions. The electrons and protons pass through a complex transportation chain that allows the plant to combine the hydrogen with carbon from the atmosphere to produce carbohydrates.
Light reactions -- light energy in the presence of chlorophyll -- splits water. Splitting water into oxygen gas, hydrogen ions and electrons produces the energy for subsequent electron and proton transport and provides the energy to produce the sugars the plant needs. These subsequent reactions form the Calvin cycle.
Green plants that use photosynthesis to produce energy for growth contain chlorophyll. The chlorophyll molecule is a key component of photosynthesis in that it is capable of absorbing energy from light at the start of the light reactions. The molecule absorbs all colors of light except green, which it reflects, and which is why plants look green.
In light reactions, a molecule of chlorophyll absorbs one photon of light, causing a chlorophyll electron to

########
Rank: 3
Score: 25.796556
Retrieved Text: Home » Tell Me Why Numerous Questions and Answers » How Do Plants Give off Oxygen?
How Do Plants Give off Oxygen?
Plants give off oxygen during the process of photosynthesis. Using green chlorophyll (which gives them their color), the leaves of plants use the energy of sunlight to change carbon dioxide and water into food the plant needs to live. During this process, oxygen is released into the air.
This oxygen is breathed in by animals. Animals, in turn, breathe carbon dioxide back into the air, where it is again used by plants to produce food and oxygen. Because of green plants, the amount of oxygen in the air has always remained at about the same level.
As photosynthesis requires sunlight, this process only happens during the day. We often like to think of this as plants `breathing in carbon dioxide and `breathing out oxygen. Just like animals, plants need to break down carbohydrates into energy. Oxygen is required to do this.
Then why do the plants get rid of oxygen they produce during photosynthesis?
The answer is, they do not. Plants actually hold on to a small amount of the oxygen they produced in photosynthesis and use that oxygen to break down carbohydrates to give them energy.
But what happens at night when there is no sunlight which is needed in photosynthesis?
Interestingly, in order to maintain their metabolism and continue respiration at night, plants must absorb oxygen from the air and give off carbon dioxide (which is exactly what animals do). Plants produce approximately ten times more oxygen during the day

########
Rank: 4
Score: 25.230396
Retrieved Text: In a study of 11 different plant species, published in Molecular Biology and Evolution, researchers at the University of Oxford have shown that the speed at which plants evolve is linked to how good they are at photosynthesis.
The team from the Oxford Department of Plant Sciences detected differences in plant gene evolution that could be attributed to how good or bad those plants were at photosynthesis.
Plants need nitrogen to do photosynthesis. They use it to build the proteins they need to turn atmospheric CO2 into sugars. However, plants also need nitrogen to build their genes, and the different letters in DNA cost different amount of nitrogen to make—A and G are expensive while C and T are cheaper. What the study found is that plants that invest lots of nitrogen in photosynthesis use cheaper letters to build their genes. This molecular "penny-pinching" restrains the rate at which genes evolve and so plants that spend a lot of nitrogen on photosynthesis evolve more slowly.
The study provides a novel link between photosynthesis and plant evolution that can help explain why the number of plant species is unevenly distributed across the globe. It also helps to explain why plants that are highly efficient at photosynthesis form new species faster than plants with lower efficiency.
Lead author, Dr. Steven Kelly, from Oxford's Department of Plant Sciences, said: "These results also allow us to make predictions about how plants evolve in response to a changing climate. For example, when atmospheric CO2 concentration goes up, plants don't need to invest as much nitrogen

########
Rank: 5
Score: 24.943367
Retrieved Text: What Are Light Dependent Reactions?
Plants act as a good complement to humanity, as the latter species breathes out carbon dioxide, which the plants then turn it into the oxygen humans need to live. Plants take in carbon dioxide, nutrients from the soil, water, and sunlight and create oxygen and a kind of simple sugar that they use for energy. This is a process necessary to life on Earth.
Photosynthesis acts as an important factor that sustains life on Earth. Plants take in carbon dioxide, sunlight, water, and nutrients from the Earth and turn it into sugar and oxygen, which many species need to breathe.
Humans and animals exhale carbon dioxide as a byproduct of respiration. Plants extract the carbon dioxide from the air and use it in photosynthesis process to feed themselves. The carbon dioxide enters the leaves of the plant through small pores called stomata. Once the carbon dioxide enters the plant, the process begins with the help of sunlight and water.
During this process, the plant combines carbon dioxide with water to allow the plant to extract what it needs for food. The plant uses sunlight as energy to perform this chemical reaction. Photosynthesis separates carbon dioxide and water — known as CO2 and H2O, respectively — into their individual molecules and combines them into new products. Once the process is done, the plant releases Oxygen, or O2, into the surrounding air. It also creates C6H12O6, a substance similar to glucose, that feeds the plant.
Because they often receive more carbon dioxide and water than they need to

########
Rank: 6
Score: 24.891495
Retrieved Text: Photosynthesis: Why is it important?
Life as we know it would be impossible without photosynthesis. Outside of providing the essential elements that support life on earth, photosynthesis is of special importance to the food and agriculture industry, as well as for ecologists studying climate change. In addition, there are many commercial enterprises which depend heavily on photosynthesis. As a result, there are a plethora of methods to measure photosynthesis. Some modern methods are accurate enough to be useful not just for commercial use, but also in laboratories and research projects.
Photosynthesis is the process by which green plants and microbes manufacture food. They need carbon dioxide (CO2) in the air, which enters the plant through leaves, and water (H2O) from the soil, which roots absorb. Light captured by chlorophyll in the leaves combines water and carbon dioxide to produce glucose (C6H12O6) and oxygen (O2).
The glucose undergoes various reactions with other minerals to produce sugars, carbohydrates, proteins, fats, volatile compounds, etc.
Without photosynthesis, much of life on Earth wouldn’t exist. Animals depend on it, and so do people.
Agriculture for the production of grains, fiber, and fodder.
Horticulture and floriculture, whether outdoor, indoor or greenhouse-based.
Pasture management for animal husbandry.
Forestry management for the production of wood and pulp.
Cyanobacteria and algae cultivation for the production of energy, chemicals, and other bio-products.
Photosynthesis is how plants produce the biomass needed to grow and produce flowers and fruit or grain.
Scientists and food/biomass producers are interested in improving photosynthesis to maximize production directly from crops or indirectly from animal husbandry through genetics.
Indoor and greenhouse farming practices depend partially

########
Rank: 7
Score: 24.831665
Retrieved Text: Photosynthesis and aerobic respiration are both part of a cyclic process of biochemical reactions. Photosynthesis requires the products of aerobic respiration (carbon dioxide and water), while aerobic respiration requires the products of photosynthesis (glucose and oxygen). Together, these reactions are involved in how cells make and store energy. The energy transfers in both processes and in how the gas exchange between oxygen and carbon dioxide occurs and the end products that result from each process are somewhat opposite processes, thus aerobic respiration and photosynthesis are in some ways complete opposites of each other. Photosynthetic organisms such as plants use solar energy to reduce carbon dioxide into carbohydrates. During respiration glucose is oxidised back to carbon dioxide, in the process, releasing energy that is captured in the bonds of ATP. Although these two energy producing processes differ in their uses and also their goals, they do have several similarities.
Photosynthesis is a chemical process that takes place in the presence of sunlight, wherein plants manufacture their food and build stores of energy. This phenomenon occurs in chlorophyll containing plant cells. Chlorophyll is a pigment found in plant leaves that gives the plant its green colour. Chlorophyll absorbs the light energy and utilises it to produce carbohydrates from carbon dioxide and water. These carbohydrates produced are used by the plants as a source of immediate energy for growth, reproduction, and absorption of nutrients. The chemical reaction produces oxygen which is released into the atmosphere.
Occurring in the chloroplast light reaction converts solar energy to chemical energy of ATP and NADPH.The

########
Rank: 8
Score: 24.683296
Retrieved Text: You need to know how the structures of plant tissues and organs are directly related to their roles in physiological processes.
Plant organs are limited to roots, stems, leaves, flowers, fruit and cones.
Physiological processes are limited to photosynthesis, cellular respiration, transpiration, and reproduction.
Plant tissues are limited to meristematic, ground, dermal and vascular tissues.
Plant structures are limited to cambium, guard cells, phloem, seed, stomata and xylem.
Terrestrial plants have stomata on the surface of their leaves. A single stomata is surrounded by two guard cells that change shape in response to environmental factors and open or close the stoma. Which of the following best explains how the structure of the leaf is used in processes that occur in plants?
B. Gases for photosynthesis are exchanged through the surface of the leaf.
C. Energy for cellular reproduction is absorbed through the surface of the leaf.
D. Carbon dioxide enters the plant through the surface of the leaf for cellular reproduction.
Plant cells that are specialized for cell division are most likely found in what part of the plant?
If the xylem in a young tree is damaged, which process is first affected?
A plant species lives in an area with limited sunlight. Which physiological adaptation would be most useful to the plant?
A. Leaves provide support for growth and a place to store food.
B. Leaves provide a place for photosynthesis to occur.
C. Leaves absorb water and minerals and transport nutrients to the stem.
D. Leaves create a barrier that prevents water in the plant's tissues from evaporating.
The cambuim is a section of cells in a plant that can

########
Rank: 9
Score: 24.29101
Retrieved Text: How does a plant grow before photosynthesis is possible?
During photosynthesis, a plant translates CO2, water and light into O2. I assume the carbon C is further used for the growing process. I wonder how the plant grows before the time where photosynthesis is possible, i.e. before there are even leaves, in which photosynthesis occurs.
To what extent does the plant grow from the seed/the minerals in the ground?
How much carbon are relevant for which parts of the plant and at what times of the evolution of the plant?
I don't know if there are only these life periods of the plant, i.e. if there are other major biochemist-of-growing changes, than in the comparison before and after the plant got leaves. So are there other relevant aspects to this? If there are leaves present, is the rigid structure of the plant only coming from the CO2 in the air and not from the ground anymore?
What are typical characteristics of different plants in this regard? I.e., how do common species of plants manage their C consumption before (and after) the development of leaves?
First, to correct your initial word equation: During photosynthesis, a plant translates CO2 and water into O2 and carbon compounds using energy from light (photons).
You are correct to assume the C is further used for the growing process; it is used to make sugars which store energy in their bonds. That energy is then released when required to power other reactions, which is how a plant lives and grows. C is also incorporated into all the organic molecules

########
Rank: 10
Score: 24.213625
Retrieved Text: What Should I Know About Photosynthesis Worksheet Answer Key. biology sc bio sci 93 dna and organisms uc irvine course. all worksheets photosynthesis worksheets printable worksheets guide for children and parents. 15 best images of transformation worksheets middle school energy transformation worksheet. respiration worksheet free worksheets library download and print worksheets free on comprar. photosynthesis review worksheet answers free worksheets library download and print worksheets. 7 best images of biochemistry review worksheet evolution review worksheet answer key. atp worksheet worksheets releaseboard free printable worksheets and activities. 15 best images of plant photosynthesis worksheet photosynthesis worksheet answer key. answer key quiz no 1 3rd mp 2010. m m worksheet answers biology 1210 mitosis and meiosis what is the role of mitosis 1 what is. [Janefondasworkout.com].

########
Rank: 11
Score: 24.193956
Retrieved Text: This article is about the C4 type of photosynthesis. C-4 is also a type of explosive.
One of the primary biosynthetic processes involved in photosynthesis is the Calvin cycle, which can take one of 3 forms in most plants. The C3, C4 and CAM variations operate in a manner to maximize the plants' energy production. Some plants can employ more than one form of the Calvin cycle, but most use only one type. In C3 and C4 plants, carbon dioxide is taken up during the daylight hours; in CAM plants carbon dioxide is taken up only at night. Most cacti are CAM plants, respiring only at night during lower temperatures.
C4 photosynthesis is generally found in plants that come from high light regions. The C4 process allows a plant to compensate for high light levels by taking up more carbon dioxide. CO2 that is used in this way is unavailable for photosynthesis, but is incorporated into the plant tissues and eventually reenters the photosynthesis chain.
Named after what it is, a composite explosive. Several versions exists, for example C3 and C4.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 24.1765
Retrieved Text: this helps reduce water loss during photosynthesis. These plants conduct photosynthesis in their green stems.
some plants germinate in response to rain, grow, flower, and die within one year. These plants can therefore avoid drought.
these help shade the plant, reducing water loss. Other plants have leaves that turn throughout the day to expose a minimum surface area to the heat.
this helps to reduce water loss.
this requires less energy. The plants don't have to make as much food and therefore do not lose as much water.
for shade, and thin fur elsewhere to allow easy heat loss.
to spread their weight on the sand.
they lose very little through urination and sweating.
which provides energy in times of food shortages (they don't store water in their humps).
to help keep the sand out of their eyes.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 24.065384
Retrieved Text: Carbon cycle - is the process by which carbon moves between the living and non-living world in a cycle flow.
Photosynthesis - is the process by which plants make carbohydrate from carbon dioxide and water, using sunlight energy.
Respiration - is the process by which living things release energy from carbohydrates, as well as producing water and carbon dioxide.
Chlorophyll - is the green substance found in chloroplasts, this is where light energy is trapped for photosynthesis.
Leaf - is the plant organ specialized for photosynthesis.
Palisade layer - is a layer of tall columnar cells containing chloroplasts, this is where the majority of photosynthesis takes place in a leaf.
Stomata - are the pores on the surface of a leaf that allows water, carbon dioxide and oxygen to move in and out of the leaves.
Phloem - is the plant tissue made up of living cells that has the function of transporting food substances through the plant.
Xylem - is a compound plant tissue that helps provide support and conducts water and nutrients upwards from the roots.
Transpiration stream - is the uninterrupted flow of water through the xylem of the plant, from the roots up to the leaves where it will evaporate.
Limiting factor - carbon dioxide level, temperature and/or light intensity affects the rate of photosynthesis, if it is in short supply it affects plant growth. By increasing these limiting factors it will increase the rate of photosynthesis and plant growth.
Rate of photosynthesis - is how quickly a plant is photosynthesising. Factors such as carbon dioxide levels, temperature and/or light intensity affects the

########
Rank: 14
Score: 23.985552
Retrieved Text: What is Photosynthesis? How does it work? Get an insight into nature's most magnificent art with the help of flowchart!
This article will introduce the process of photosynthesis, how it works, and how to draw a flowchart to represent the workflow inside the plant when photosynthesis happens.
In other words, photosynthesis is the process when plants make their own food.
Photosynthesis has two phases, they are commonly known as "Photosynthesis Light Reaction" and "Photosynthesis Dark Reaction". We will analyze these two phases one by one.
This reaction of photosynthesis only happens when light is available. In this reaction the light hits the reaction centers of chlorophyll in the chloroplasts. The chlorophyll will vibrate, makes water molecule (H2O) and oxygen (O) released into air and the remaining molecules of hydrogen (H) from the water (H2O) remains in chloroplast and gets attached to NADP. In this phase of photosynthesis energy loses along the electron transport chain to recharge ATP from ADP. During this process, light energy gets converted into chemical energy and finally ATP molecules are produced. This reaction is also known as light-dependent reaction.
This phase of photosynthesis does not require light and it takes place in stroma. In this reaction the carbon dioxide (CO2) in the atmosphere combines with hydrogen (H) from water molecules and forms glucose. During this process, ATP molecules will be converted to simple sugars. This reaction is also known as light-independent reaction.
A flowchart is a way to show the steps in a process. Below is the flowchart of photosynthesis process that shows the steps involved in the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 23.92075
Retrieved Text: How Well Do You Know Photosynthesis?
1. Which of the following are capable of photosynthesis?
Photosynthetic organisms include higher plants, some bacteria, and some algae. Photosynthetic organisms are also known as photoautotrophs because they can make their own food from sunlight.
2. In plants, photosynthesis occurs mainly in the ____ .
Photosynthesis primarily occurs in plant leaves in organelles known as chloroplasts.
3. Plants use carbon dioxide, water, and sunlight to produce oxygen, water, and _____ .
Plants use carbon dioxide, water, and sunlight to produce glucose, water, and oxygen. Glucose is used for energy and oxygen is released into the atmosphere. Oxygen is used by many organisms for cellular respiration.
4. This green pigment captures the sun's energy in photosynthesis.
Chlorophyll a and chlorophyll b are produced in chloroplasts and are the pigments of photosynthesis.
5. Light reactions in photosynthesis mostly occur in which part of the chloroplast?
Light reactions in photosynthesis mostly occur in grana. These are dense layered stacks of thylakoid sacs found in plant chloroplasts.
6. Dark reactions in photosynthesis occur in which part of the chloroplast?
Dark reactions in photosynthesis occur in the stroma. Stroma is dense fluid within the chloroplast where reactions occur to produce carbohydrates.
7. Dark reactions in most plants occur during the day.
Dark reactions occur during the day in most plants. Dark reactions are light-independent and use energy molecules generated in the light reaction phase to produce carbohydrates.
8. In the Calvin Cycle, carbon dioxide is converted to ____ .
In the Calvin Cycle, carbon dioxide is converted to the sugar glucose. These reactions occur in chloroplast stroma.
9. Both ATP and NADPH

########
Rank: 16
Score: 23.834686
Retrieved Text: Many gardeners know that it takes more than just the big three (Nitrogen, Phosphorus, and Potassium) nutrients for your plants to reach their full potential, but not everyone knows why! Lets take a brief look at the purpose and benefits provided by all 16 essential nutrients and get a better understanding of what our gardens crave.
Plants need to take in Oxygen for their normal respiration, generally taken in at night, though they do not release it until daylight during photosynthesis.
A major component of photosynthesis, it converted into growth energy for the plant.
In the form of water, plays an essential role in photosynthesis, energy production, and growth.
Key component of photosynthesis, as well as a building block of DNA, RNA, and the plants proteins. Vital during periods of rapid growth.
Building block of nucleic acids, regulating protein synthesis. Key in the the division of cells, new tissue production, and energy transformation.
Carbon Dioxide regulation through opening and closing of stomata during photosynthesis. Also aids in the production of ATP, an essential energy component in plant growth and development.
Micronutrients: Just as important as Macro nutrients, though needed in smaller doses.
Give your plants the best shot at success, add Great Big Plants today and watch your garden grow!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 23.79497
Retrieved Text: 0:00 What are Mesophyll Cells?
In this lesson, we'll be looking at mesophyll, a type of cell found in plants. We will look into what mesophyll cells are and also discover how they function.
When you hear about plants, everything seems to end in the suffix 'phyll.' Here we go into detail about another 'phyll:' the mesophyll.
Mesophyll cells are found in the plant's leaves. They are a type of ground tissue that is actually found as two distinct types in the leaves. In a nice organized order we find the palisade parenchyma cells of the mesophyll. These cells have a lot of chloroplasts in them, which is why they're the main sites of photosynthesis in the leaf (since chloroplasts conduct photosynthesis). There's usually only one layer of these particular cells, and they're located near the surface of the leaf just under the epidermis, which is the skin of the plant; it helps protect the rest of the leaf.
The other type of cell is the spongy mesophyll. There's still photosynthesis occurring in the spongy mesophyll, but there are large spaces left between the cells. These large spaces allow these layers to help carbon dioxide move around the leaf. The spongy mesophyll also allows the plant to bend and move in the wind, which itself helps move gases around the leaf's cells.
The following image is an excellent view of the layers of the leaf. Notice the mesophyll layers. The palisade parenchyma cells are on top and the spongy mesophyll is below.
You can imagine the leaf as a lasagna. On top,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 23.517025
Retrieved Text: Students will learn why photosynthesis is so important to us. The different plant structures and compounds involved in photosynthesis and transpiration are highlighted. Beyond photosynthesis, plant responses to certain stimuli and various tropisms are also discussed. Other terminology includes: chlorophyll, chloroplasts, plant pigments, germination, carbon dioxide, oxygen, glucose, and stimuli.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 23.47485
Retrieved Text: 1 >>Chlorophyll “a” occurs in all Photosynthetic plants except: ?
2 >>When the fluid outside a cell has a greater concentration of a given molecule than the fluid inside the cell, the external fluid is ?
3 >>The osmotic pressure of pure water is: ?
4 >>The water potential of all solutions as compared to pure water is always: ?
5 >>The wavelengths of visible light are longer than the wavelengths of ?
6 >>The wavelengths of visible light are shorter than the wavelengths of ?
7 >>Which of the following colours of light work best for photosynthesis? ?
8 >>Which of the following is the worlds most common protein? ?
9 >>Photophosphorrylation in a chloroplast is mot similar to which of the following mitochondrial reaction? ?
10 >>A photosystem is an assemblage of pigment molecules together ranging from ?
11 >>The final acceptor of electrons during the light reaction of photosynthesis is: ?
12 >>Which of the following is obtained from phosphoglyceraldehyde in the dark reaction of photosynthesis? ?
13 >>Which of the following conditions in a plant cell would increase the uptake of water? ?
14 >>Which of the following would occur when a plant cell is packed in a fluid with high osmotic concentration than the cell sap? ?
15 >>With the increase of ions in the xylem its water potential becomes ?
16 >>Water potential of a liquid increases when solute concentration ?
17 >>Which of the following is not true of the exudation of water? ?
18 >>Water in the xylem vessel will ascend up until ?
19 >>Plants do not store carbohydrates as glucose because it ?
20 >>Which

########
Rank: 20
Score: 23.439384
Retrieved Text: (Photo : U. Rascher, Forschungszentrum Jülich / ESA) Vibrant plant fluorescence, a product of poor plant health, as imaged in a laboratory.
The European Space Agency (ESA) is working hard to help scientists better understand and manage the Earth's plant life. On Tuesday, the agency moved to introduce the world to FLEX, a novel approach that could help experts assess the health of vegetation across the globe by measuring their photosynthetic activity from space.
In the wake of climate change, many experts are scrambling to determine how the world will cope with factors like man-made carbon emissions and increasing natural methane release from ocean floors. To make accurate predictions, however, they first need to have a better picture of our planet's carbon cycle, and that requires understanding to what extent plants absorb carbon through photosynthesis.
To help aid that endeavor, NASA previously introduced two Earth Venture Instruments, which measure the prevalence of phytoplankton (the countless plant-like organisms that fill our seas) and the density of forests.
Now, the ESA is stepping up to the plate, having recently announced its latest Biomass mission, which will provide an even more in-depth global snapshot of vegetation between 2020 and 2025. You can read more about that here.
Researchers now understand that some forests and other vegetation absorb more carbon than others. The efficiency at which a forest acts as a carbon sink can even change from year-to-year, depending on the health and loneliness of its trees.
That's where a new proposed project, called Fluorescence Explorer (FLEX), comes in.
You may not know it, but every plant

########
Rank: 21
Score: 23.436811
Retrieved Text: Susanne von Caemmerer was awarded the prestigious Charles F. Kettering Award by The American Society of Plant Biologists. The Charles F. Kettering Award was established by an endowment from the Kettering Foundation in 1962 to recognize excellence in the field of photosynthesis. It is a monetary award to be given in even-numbered years to an individual for meritorious work in photosynthesis.
Susanne von Caemmerer co-developed what is arguably the most widely used biochemical model in plant biology – the Farquhar, von Caemmerer and Berry model of C3 photosynthesis. Susanne led reducing the model to practice, first identifying the key physiological measurements and then the new molecular approaches needed to apply the model.
Susanne went on to develop an equally widely used model of C4 photosynthesis. She resolved the long debated and critical question of why there is so much Rubisco by showing that under high-light Rubisco exerts very strong metabolic control in both C3 and C4 plants and therefore is not in excess. Most recently Susanne has led the way toward resolving anomalies around the critical issue of mesophyll conductance.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.312971
Retrieved Text: Is spirulina a plant? Heck no. I don’t know why everyone keeps classifying it with plant foods. Maybe its because spirulina uses photosynthesis that people think its a plant. But its NOT a plant. Its not an animal. So then what the heck is it?
Spirulina is a type of bacteria called cyanobacterium. Its commonly called blue-green algae. And no not all algaes are plants. Algae simply refers to aquatic organisms that are capable of photosynthesis. This would include a variety of organisms.
Spirulina is made up of single cell bacteria and is extremely tiny. The only reason you can see spirulina is because the bacteria groups together to form large colonies. The individual organisms are either rod or disk shaped, more commonly rod shaped and often spiral around.
Although spirulina is a rich dark green color, its main photosynthetic pigment is phycocyanin (among others), which is blue. This is what they used to capture the light that they use for energy.
Not only does spirulina produce its own food through photosynthesis just like plants do. But it also contains the same photosynthetic pigment that plants have, chlorophyll.
Plants are multi-cellular eukaryotes. Spirulina is single celled organisms. It is BACTERIA classified as cyanobacteria. Many types of cyanobacteria are toxic and need to be avoided. But spirulina happens to be the most nutritious food on the planet, per weight anyhow.
Check out some of the benefits of spirulina by clicking “Benefits” at the top menu.
I hope you have learned something. Its not a plant! If you have any questions or comments leave them

########
Rank: 23
Score: 23.309244
Retrieved Text: The lab allows a user to vary the light intensity and temperature conditions of an aquarium plant and observe how fast it is photosynthesizing. The number of oxygen bubbles the plant releases per minute is a measure of the rate of photosynthesis.
The rate of photosynthesis will increase with increasing light intensity. However, at high intensities the rate of photosynthesis does not increase as quickly anymore. The rate of photosynthesis is optimal at room temperaure (25 °C). At low (10 °C) and high temperatures (40 °C) the rate of photosynthesis is not as efficient.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 23.253696
Retrieved Text: "Mitochondrial function and the gut microbiome in ME/CFS"
"Enhancing the efficiency of photosynthesis in C3 Plants"
Maureen Hanson Lecture "Biomarkers from the bacterial microbiome in ME/CFS"
Maureen Hanson Seminar "Enhancing photosynthesis by chloroplast engineering."
Maureen Hanson Seminar "Post-transcriptional correction of plant organelle genome mutations by RNA editing"
Maureen Hanson Lecture "Improving photosynthesis by chloroplast genome engineering."
Alexandra Mandarano Seminar "Characterizing the gut microbiome and lymphocyte metabolism in Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue Syndrome"
Kevin Hines Seminar "Improving photosynthesis in plants: Laying the foundation for carboxysomes"
Maureen Hanson Lecture "RNA editing to rescue plants from organelle genome mutations"
Maureen Hanson Lecture "Engineering Chloroplasts to Improve Photosynthesis"
Maureen Hanson Lecture "Engineering the Chloroplast Genome Through Homologous Recombination"
Ileau Chua Lecture "Determining the Role of a Helical Repeat Protein family in RNA Editing in Arabidopsis thaliana."
Xiaowen Shi Lecture "Identification of Proteins Required for Modification of Organelle Transcripts by RNA Editing,"
Maureen Hanson Lecture "Improving Photosynthesis Through Engineering Chloroplast Proteins"
Ludovic Giloteaux Poster "Altered Gut Microbiome in SEID Patients in Comparison to Healthy Controls"
Maureen Hanson Lecture "The Gut Microbiome in ME/CFS"
"New families of proteins required for mitochondrial RNA editing"
Maureen Hanson Lecture "New Features of the Plant RNA Editosome"
Maureen Hanson Seminar "Enhancing Photosynthesis by Engineering Chloroplast Proteins"
"A New High Throughput Assay for RNA editing"
Maureen Hanson Lecture "Engineering Cyanobacterial Rubisco into Chloroplasts"
Myat Lin Lecture "Engineering a Cyanobacterial CO2-Concentrating Mechanism in Higher Plant Chloroplasts"
Stéphane Bentolila Seminar "Nuclear control of plant organelle gene expression"
Amirali Sattarzadeh Poster "GFP for Investigating Protein Dynamics"
Tao Sun Thesis Seminar "Trans-acting factors essential for plant organelle RNA editing"
Maureen Hanson Lecture "RNA Editing in Organelles"
Arnaud Germain Poster "A cost-effective, high-throughput routine to accurately quantify the editing

########
Rank: 25
Score: 23.199669
Retrieved Text: How Does Colored Light Affect Plants?
A plant, like the human eye, makes use of the visible light spectrum to fuel photosynthesis and other life processes. Visible light is a representation of radiant energy in the form of light waves that measure in intensity between 400 and 700 nanometers (nm). This range extends from violet (400nm) to red (700nm). Plants, which absorb different wavelengths at varying rates and reflect some, use the red- and blue-light wavelengths to manufacture food, grow foliage and produce flowers. Plants' surface cells capture the light energy, which fuels the breakdown of nutrients and water molecules into elements to power the plant's life functions, including transpiration, respiration and reproduction.
Photosynthesis relies principally on a large amount of energy absorbed from the high end of the visible light spectrum. In this respect, it is the most important portion of the light spectrum to plant life The red-light-wavelength energy absorbed by the plant cells combines with carbon dioxide and water to manufacture simple plants sugars in mesophyll cells that are embedded near the top and bottom surface layers of leaves and, in a few plants, the green stalks or stems as well. The more red light energy applied to the chloroplast cells the more intensely and quickly those cells carry out photosynthesis.
The blue and violet portion of the visible light spectrum is the most readily absorbed by plants. More important than red light to the plants foliage growth and bloom, blue and violet light fuels vegetative and root growth along with a small, but not significant,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 23.194872
Retrieved Text: World's Largest Flower. Do you know its name? See Answer below.
(a) We often see in our homes or in neighbourhood some plants that have long but weak stems and crawl on ground. What are these plants called? Give an example of such a plant.
(b) Some plants grow in our neighbourhood have medicinal properties. What do we call such plants? Give an example of such plant.
(c) Meena tries to pull out a bunch of grass and a rose plant from a soil in her garden. Which plan she is able to pull out easily? Why?
(d) Name the plant which produces the largest flower? What is the diameter of the flower?
(e) Mridula learned that green plants prepare their own food by photosynthesis. What are the raw materials required by the plant for photosynthesis?
(f) Sahil visits her aunt's house. There he sees an ornamental plant in a pot. The plan take support on neighbouring structures to climb up. What do we call such plants? Can you give an example of such plant?
(g) Leaves of Lily plant have parallel arrangement of veins whereas rose plants have reticulate arrangement of veins. Can you identify the types of roots system in both the plants?
1 (c). Grass (herb) will be plucked easily. While Rose is shrub having deeper roots comparatively.
1 (e). Carbon dioxide, water, minerals and sunlight.
1 (f). Climbers eg bittergourd (karela), Money Plant.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 23.144274
Retrieved Text: Plastids are found in plants and some algae. They are necessary for essential life processes, like photosynthesis and food storage. Read this lesson to learn about major types of plastids and what they do to sustain life.
Did you ever wonder how plants breathe, drink, eat, and grow? They carry out these functions just like us, yet in different ways. One category of specialized organelles that plants use in order to survive is plastids.
Plastids are double membrane-bound organelles found inside plants and some algae, which are primarily responsible for activities related to making and storing food. Many plastids are photosynthetic, but some are not.
The chloroplasts are probably the most-known of the plastids. These are responsible for photosynthesis. The chloroplast is filled with thylakoids, which is where photosynthesis occurs, and chlorophyll.
Chromoplasts are what the name describes, a place for the pigments to be stored and synthesized in the plant. These are found in flowering plants, fruits, and aging leaves. The chloroplasts actually convert over to chromoplasts. There are carotenoid pigments here that allow for the different colors you see in fruits and the fall leaves. One of the main reasons for these structures and the colors is to attract pollinators.
Gerontoplasts are basically chloroplasts that are going through the aging process. These are chloroplasts of the leaves that are beginning to convert into different organelles or are being re-purposed, since the leaf is no longer utilizing photosynthesis (such as in the fall months).
Leucoplasts are the non-pigmented organelles. Unlike the others we have talked about, leucoplasts have no color at

########
Rank: 28
Score: 23.052025
Retrieved Text: What Is the Definition of a C4 Pathway?
The C4 pathway is a method plants use to convert atmospheric carbon dioxide into a chemical compound containing four carbons. About.com explains that plans that utilize this pathway usually originate in subtropical areas. Examples include maize, sugarcane, sorghum, millet and papyrus. These plants commonly grow at latitudes below 45 degrees, in the tropics.
While photosynthesis normally takes place in the leaves of plants, in those plants using the C4 pathway, it takes place in a special leaf structure, the Kranz anatomy, which includes vascular bundles surrounded by sheath cells. Once the fixation of carbon dioxide completes, transforming it into the four-carbon compound through tehmesophyll cells, the plant transports it to the sheath cells where ribosco, the enzyme necessary for photosynthesis, is stored. This process prevents exposing the enzyme to oxygen and conserves energy for the plant.
Reference.com says that C4 photosynthesis gives plants an advantage over those using the classic C3 type of photosynthesis in drought conditions as well as in locations where carbon dioxide and nitrogen are limited. In C3 plants, as much as 97 percent of the water is lost due to transpiration. C4 plants make up approximately 5 percent of the world's biomass yet fix 30 percent of terrestrial carbon.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 23.026886
Retrieved Text: Scientists have figured out a way to streamline the molecular machinery that turns cyanobacteria—also known as blue-green algae—into biofuels.
They fabricated a synthetic protein that not only improves the assembly of the carbon-fixing factory of cyanobacteria, but also provides a proof of concept for a device that might improve plant photosynthesis.
Gonzalez-Esquer worked with Cheryl Kerfeld, professor of structural bioengineering, who studies bacterial microcompartments (BMCs), to build the protein. BMCs are self-assembling cellular organs that perform myriad metabolic functions, and, in a sense, are molecular factories with many different pieces of machinery.
The scientists modernized the “factory” by updating the carboxysome, a particularly complex BMC that requires a series of interactions involving at least six gene products. The result is a metabolic core that takes CO2 out of the atmosphere and converts it into sugar. To streamline the process, the scientists created a hybrid protein in cyanobacteria, organisms that have many potential uses for making green chemicals or biofuels.
The new protein, described in the current issue of Plant Cell, replaces four gene products, yet still supports photosynthesis. Reducing the number of genes needed to build carboxysomes should facilitate the transfer of carboxysomes into plants. The installation should help plants’ ability to fix carbon dioxide. Improving their capacity to remove CO2 from the atmosphere makes it a win-win, Gonzalez-Esquer says.
This proof of concept also shows that BMCs can be broken down to the sum of their parts, ones that can be exchanged. Since they are responsible for many diverse metabolic functions, BMCs have enormous potential for bioengineering, Kerfeld says.
This altered

================



======= Instance Index 24 =========
Input Text: Winter solstice occurs on a day when

Which is the correct answer?
- the sun is brightest
- the sun is eclipsed
- the moon is full
- the darkness is greatest

Target Text: the darkness is greatest

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 34.00261
Retrieved Text: On the longest night of the year and the shortest day, the day of Winter Solstice in the Northern hemisphere, we celebrate the return of the Sun as the days start to lengthen and the darkness recedes. Winter Solstice portends the return of the light of the soul, the Sun, and we see our journey moving from darkness to ever increasing light.
It is the time of Guru, a word that literally means “dark” (Gu) and “light” (Ru) and Winter Solstice signals the transition from darkness to enlightenment. This day marks the beginning of Uttarayana, the six-month period when the Sun begins its apparent northward journey through the sky.
The energy of this day is the opposite of the Summer Solstice. Rather than high energy and solar practices, it is time for turning inward and the lunar practices. Left nostril breathing, the lunar postures, and meditating on the feminine energies is helpful on this day when the Moon rules.
In the days immediately before and after Winter Solstice, restorative yoga practices are best. Tratakam (meditative gazing) on a candle flame, meditating with the sound of water, and visualization meditations with light and the sun.
This is also an optimum time to clear out the past and our clutter, literally and spiritually. At this turning point of the year, we reflect on where our journey has brought us from the previous Summer Solstice and what we may wish to divest ourselves of over the next six months. Winter Solstice is truly the “new year” for resolutions, new beginnings and leaving the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 33.8456
Retrieved Text: Winter solstice is the time when the sun it at its lowest altitude above the horizon when it appears at noon. This year 2012 the winter solstice will occur at 11:12 in the morning of December 21. It’s just a fleeting moment but many people anticipate its coming. It is the signal that winter officially starts, that the days will be shorter as the nights grow longer.
A solstice is one of the many astronomical events. It happens twice a year, and occurs when the sun reaches its lowest or highest altitude. The word solstice came from the Latin word for sun, sol and the phrase to stand still, sisteri. The equinoxes and the solstices are related to the seasons, marking the start or the middle of summer and winter. The summer solstice is the longest day of the year and the day the winter solstice occurs is the shortest.
Whether it is the summer or winter solstice, it has been of significance to people since Neolithic and Bronze Ages. This is proven by the layout of excavated sites, including the layout of the stones in Stonehenge in Great Britain and the Newgrange monument in County Meath, Ireland. It had been part of the celestial navigation devised by ancient Greeks. In East Asian calendars, the equinoxes and the solstices mark the height of the summer and winter seasons. In China the winter solstice is called Dōngzhì, while it’s called Tōji in Japan. Koreans call it Dongji while it is Đông chí in Vietnamese.
Different cultures around the world celebrate

########
Rank: 2
Score: 33.201283
Retrieved Text: A reading comprehension lesson on Groundhog Day. Includes printable teaching lesson worksheet.
• Students will be able to describe the tradition and history of Groundhog Day.
• Students will be able to state when Groundhog Day occurs.
• Students will be able to tell the legend of the Groundhog and what it is said to mean when the groundhog sees its shadow.
Groundhog Day is a tradition in the United States that is based on folklore. It occurs each year on February 2, about halfway between the first day of winter and the first day of spring. According to legend, if a groundhog comes out of its hole on Groundhog Day and does not see its shadow, winter will be over soon. If the groundhog does see its shadow, it will run back into its hole, and there will be six more weeks of winter.
The legend of the groundhog can be traced back to the fifth century and a group of people called Celts who lived in Europe. The Celts believed that animals had special powers on certain days. The day half way between the beginning of winter (called the Winter Solstice) and the beginning of spring (called the Spring Solstice) was one of those days.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 33.06143
Retrieved Text: its most southerly position, directly overhead at the Tropic of Capricorn (23 degrees 27 minutes south latitude). The winter solstice is the shortest day of the year and marks the beginning of winter. It is the exact opposite in the Southern Hemisphere.
Summer solstice in the Northern Hemisphere occurs on June 20, 21, or 22, when the sun reaches its most northerly point, directly overhead at the Tropic of Cancer (23 degrees 27 minutes north latitude). The summer solstice is the longest day of the year and marks the beginning of summer.
A solstice is different from an equinox, the two times each year when the sun is directly above the Earth's equator and day and night are of equal length. Equinoxes mark the beginning of spring (March) and fall (September).
Historically, the solstice has been celebrated by numerous cultures around the world. Thousands of people annually celebrate the summer solstice at Stonehenge in Wiltshire, England.
At sunrise at Stonehenge on the longest day of the year, the rising sun appears behind one of the main stones, creating the illusion that the sun is balancing on the stone.
The site was closed for 16 years after rioting broke out between police and revelers for several years at solstice gatherings. Stonehenge was re-opened to the public on solstice in 2000.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 32.63049
Retrieved Text: This diagram shows the position of the Earth, in relation to the Sun, at the time of the Summer Solstice, as well as the other solstice and equinoxes of the year. This year, June's Full Moon occurs on the day of the Summer Solstice in the Western Hemisphere.
This year, the beginning of Summer in the Northern Hemisphere is marked with a Full Moon. Both astronomical events occur on the same calendar date in the Western Hemisphere.
For 2016, the season of Summer begins in Earth's Northern Hemisphere (and the season of Winter begins in the Southern Hemisphere) at the moment of the June Solstice: Monday Evening, 2016 June 20 at 6:34 p.m. Eastern Daylight Saving Time (EDT) / 22:34 Coordinated Universal Time (UTC). The actual time of Full Moon occurs Monday morning at 7:02 a.m. EDT / 11:02 UTC, the time of the posting of this blog post. Although, technically, the Moon will be in the Waning Gibbous Phase at the moment of the Summer Solstice, it will, of course, look quite full.
A honey-hued-color Full Moon (particularly at extreme northern latitudes) in June, particularly around the time of the Summer Solstice, is considered the "Honey-Moon." This honey-hued effect is due to the Full Moon traveling low in the sky, very close to the southern horizon, throughout the night.
This may have led to the traditional term of "Honey-Moon," as weddings were traditionally held in June when the good weather days of Summer would begin. The term "Honey-Moon" can be traced as far back as 1552. At that time,

########
Rank: 5
Score: 32.591732
Retrieved Text: Several Ohio parks are featuring events coinciding with winter solstice. Everyday at noon the sun appears to be at its highest point in the sky (technically above the celestial equator). Once a year the sun will reach its lowest noon-time elevation when it appears to be lower in the sky than it does at noon on any other day. This day is called winter solstice. In the northern hemisphere winter solstice occurs on December 21st. This day is the shortest day of the year as measured from sunrise to sunset. It is also marks the start of winter.
Winter solstice for the northern hemisphere is shown in the front, right position.
In Ohio several Native American earthworks were built to mark annual astronomical events. For instance the 1,300-foot earthwork known as Serpent Mound is oriented so that the serpent’s tail aligns with sun rise during winter solstice. Serpent Mound is one of several, Ohio parks that are commemorating winter solstice with special events.
Garden Lantern Walk – lantern walk through the gardens.
Lighting the Serpent – help celebrate the winter solstice by helping to light 1000 luminaries outlining the serpent effigy. Serpent Mound is an ancient Native American effigy located on the rim of a prehistoric meteor impact crater.
Level 4 Solstice Saunter. Call 740-969-9001 for info.
Solstice Watch in alignment with ancient Native American earthworks. Located in the Sacra Via Park near 3rd and Warren St. in Marietta, OH. Commentary provided by Castle Museum archaeologist Wes Clarke. Free and open to the public. (See comment below for additional information).
Share the post

########
Rank: 6
Score: 32.290596
Retrieved Text: The first day of winter, Dec. 21, is defined by the year’s shortest day and longest night. The good news is that days get just a bit longer each day thereafter.
The first day of winter is often called the winter solstice, but the solstice is actually a moment in time, not an entire day.
The solstice in the northern hemisphere occurs when the sun is directly above the Tropic of Capricorn in the southern hemisphere.
It is that instant when the North Pole is tilted furthest from the sun (23.5 degrees). This year the solstice occurs Dec. 21.
The exact moment varies geographically. Think of the solstice as the official shotgun start of winter.
Meanwhile, the South Pole becomes the land of the midnight sun with 24 hours of daylight, while the North Pole experiences the exact opposite.
There is no daylight north of the Arctic Circle this time of year. The exact times and dates of these events vary from year to year due to the lack of precision of our calendar year, the exact motion of the earth, and the “wobble” of the earth on its axis.
Even ancient cultures observed the predictable changes in day-length associated with the solstice. There was no guarantee of surviving winter; starvation was common.
So before winter gripped temperate and northern areas, people celebrated with feasts.
Most farm animals were slaughtered so they would not have to be fed during the winter. Fresh meat was a luxury.
Alcoholic beverages were fermented and ready to be quaffed. This is one reason we celebrate year-end feasts to this day.
To

########
Rank: 7
Score: 32.176476
Retrieved Text: Millions of people across the Midwest and Central U.S. felt the cold of another winter storm just last week, but Americans can look forward to the first day of spring very soon.
On Wednesday, March 20, 2019, at 5:58 p.m. ET, the spring equinox, also known as vernal equinox, will bring the first day of spring in the Northern Hemisphere.
Can you really balance an egg on the equinox?
Some say you can balance a raw egg on its end during the vernal equinox. This bit of folklore became popular in 1945 after LIFE published an article about the balancing act, but the myth has been debunked as only partly true, according to AccuWeather.
So, yes, it’s possible to balance an egg on the equinox, but it’s also possible to balance an egg on other days, too. In fact, several Almanac editors attempted the trick one spring, and 17 out of 24 eggs stood standing, they said. After trying the trick again three days after the equinox, the editors found similar results.
What’s the difference between an equinox and a solstice?
Twice every year, the equinox occurs in autumn (September 21) and in spring (March 19, 20, or 21—it varies) bringing with it a seasonal change. The word “equinox” means “equal night,” which is why it occurs two times per year when the day and night are of equal lengths, each 12 hours.
The spring equinox occurs when the sun crosses the celestial equator from south to north, according to the Old Farmer’s Almanac. The “celestial equator” is an imaginary line above the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 32.10004
Retrieved Text: The winter season is usually the coldest season in the year. It is a season that comes after the autumn season and just before spring season.
This season comes with its own celebration as it collides with popular holidays like Christmas in some parts of the world.
There are also numerous places that people can visit during winter to participate in snow activities. The winter season however does not happen in all parts of the world as the tropical zone does not experience the season.
What happens in the winter season?
There are numerous changes that occur during winter. One of this is that some animals migrate.When winter season approaches, some animals move to warmer places and come back after the season comes to an end.
It is also in winter that some animals hibernate. This is due to lack of food sources. Animals hence go into this state to conserve the little amounts of foods.
Also in winter, some plants may die. This is due to the extremely low temperatures.
During the winter season, people tend to wear warm clothes. This includes heavy jackets, sweaters, scarves, heavy socks and boots. This is to protect them from the cold.
There are also some sporting activities that people take part in during winter. This includes ice skating, snowboarding, sledding, skiing, etc.
During winter, some people also decide to visit tropical countries to escape from the cold. This usually comes as a form of vacation to most families.
Northern hemisphere refers to the part of the world that is above the equator while the Southern hemisphere refers to

########
Rank: 9
Score: 31.938583
Retrieved Text: ← Book of Fiction Must Go!
The lowest elevation occurs on or about December 21 in the Northern Hemisphere and June 21 in the Southern Hemisphere. This is the Winter Solstice — the first day of winter, when nighttime hours are at a maximum.
Winter was a very arduous time for Aboriginal people during prehistoric times. With the end of the growing season tribes had to live off of stored food and whatever animals they could trap. People were troubled as the life-giving sun sank lower in the sky each noon. Eventually, they feared, it could disappear completely and leave them in permanent darkness and extreme cold. With the passing of the winter solstice and the rising of the sun in the noon sky, they would have reason to celebrate as they saw the sun strengthening once more. Many months of cold weather still remained before the spring thaw, but they realized that the return of the warm season was inevitable. For this reason, the concept of birth and death/rebirth became associated with the Winter Solstice. Aboriginal people had no elaborate instruments to detect it, but they were able to notice a slight elevation of the sun’s path within a few days after the solstice, so, celebrations were often timed for about the 25th of December.
1 Response to The Winter Solstice.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 31.693226
Retrieved Text: The winter solstice occurs in 2018 on Friday, December 21, at 2:23pm PST (22:23 UT), when the Sun enters the sign of Capricorn. This is considered the shortest day of the year for those north of the equator. It's the time when the Sun appears at its southernmost point in its path around the sky. At this time the Sun has the least amount of distance to travel from horizon to horizon, hence the shorter the day. Compare the distance traveled by winter Sun in the image below to the distance traveled by the summer Sun in this image.
Solstice means "Sun stands still". The Sun's path stops shifting far south in the winter and stands still readying itself to move northward (vice versa in summer).
Positions shown at one hour intervals for mid Northern latitudes.
Note: The Moon swings its highest for the year near the winter solstice and its lowest for the year near the summer solstice. We experienced an extreme high and low 18.6–19 year cycle in 2005 and 2006 called a lunar standstill season. See Moon Swings ~ Highs and Lows to learn more.
Does the Sun always rise in the east?
This photo by Anthony Ayiomamitis shows the wide swing of the rising Sun. In Athens, Greece the sunrise from southeast to northeast varies by more than 65 degrees. The Sun rises due east only at the time of the spring and autumn equinox.
Hmmm ... Why are there 9 shortest days?!?!
Sunrise Sunset Calendars shows 9 shortest days for San Francisco for December 2018. The "Day length"

########
Rank: 11
Score: 31.633942
Retrieved Text: The June Solstice is the name given to the solstice that occurs on or around the 21st June each year in the Gregorian calendar. In the Northern Hemisphere this is the summer solstice, often called Midsummer, which is the longest day in the entire year. In the Southern Hemisphere this is the winter solstice, which is the shortest day of the entire year. The word ‘solstice’ comes from the Latin ‘sol sistere’ meaning ‘sun stands still’, due to the sun appearing to stand still directly overhead during the day. The (literally) polar opposite of the June Solstice is the December Solstice, which occurs on or around the 21st December each year, and signifies the shortest day in the Northern Hemisphere and the longest day in the Southern Hemisphere.
The reason for the existence of the summer and winter solstices is due to the axis of the Earth’s rotation. The Earth’s axis tilts from its orbit at an angle of approximately 23.5°, meaning that the rays of the sun are focused on different parts of the Earth through the year. When the focus of the sun reaches its most northerly point (directly over the Tropic of Cancer), the Northern Hemisphere will receive more sunlight during one rotation of the Earth (one day) than at any other time of the year. Conversely, the Southern Hemisphere will receive less sunlight during that rotation than at any other time of the year. When the focus of the sun is at its most southerly point (over the Tropic of Capricorn), the situation

########
Rank: 12
Score: 31.605373
Retrieved Text: The timing of the Winter Solstice is marked when the sun reaches its furthest north position in the sky and starts to move back towards the south. As it does, it marks one of the main turning points in the year, the others being the Equinoxes as well as the Summer Solstice (that occurs in December). The timing for the Winter Solstice this year is today, Friday, 21 June at 2:34 pm (Adelaide time). From this moment onwards, days start becoming longer and night times shorter. however with the worse of the Winter weather yet to arrive, this thought is not often the first that comes to mind.
In ancient Europe the Winter Solstice (the timing of which in the Northern Hemisphere takes place in December) was seen as a time of celebration. The Romans had a week-long celebration called Saturnalia during which all wars had to stop and courts did not try criminals. Later this festival became Dies Natalis of Sol Invicti or the Birthday of the Unconquerable Sun celebrated on 25 December each year.
Out of the cold comes the promise of day!
The Child of Promise is the new sun, which is small and weak at this time of the year, but will grow stronger as the sacred Wheel of the Year turns. As such, the Winter Solstice is a time for celebrating new beginnings and to focus on what you wish to bring into your life.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 31.16189
Retrieved Text: The Winter Solstice is nearly here—December 21st. It signifies the start of winter, and is also the longest day of the year. Solstice occurs when the sun is directly overhead of the Tropic of Capricorn in the Southern Hemisphere.
Celebrating the Winter Solstice in your hot tub is a terrific way to take some time to quiet yourself, reflect, and place yourself outdoors to enjoy your place in the universe we call home. It can be a great annual ritual. Creating a new tradition like this can help bring peace and heart to the holiday season.
Light a few candles and place them by your hot tub. Enjoying the flickering candle light while immersed in the warm peaceful water of your hot tub will really enhance the experience. Play some soothing music (I like George Winston’s December). Or, if you prefer, simply soak in silence and reflect. The quiet of a dark winter night can certainly instill a sense of peace, and allow your mind to purge itself of so much “muck” that fills it during the course of a busy day.
Water itself is known for its renewing properties, which is a perfect place to spend the Solstice. The day is the start of the renewal of the sun, and nature’s start to return to warmer and livelier times ahead.
During the holidays, who doesn’t need a reason “to stand still”?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 30.804848
Retrieved Text: 2018 spring equinox falls on Tuesday at 12:25 p.m. EST. What is this phenomenon and how it affects us?
Spring equinox, or so-called ‘vernal equinox’, is an astronomical event that signals the end of winter and the beginning of warm spring. On this day, the duration of the day and night are equal, and from the next day the day starts to get longer, and the night – shorter.
According to the world time in the northern hemisphere, the spring equinox occurs on March 20, and the autumnal equinox occurs on September 22 or 23.
During the equinox, the day is almost equal to the night in every corner of the planet. On such days the sun rises exactly in the east and sets exactly in the west.
The reasons why this phenomenon happens are the tilted axis of Earth and its orbit around the sun.
About 93 days after the vernal equinox, the Earth reaches the summer solstice. Then, after another 93 days, the autumnal equinox takes place.
Almost 90 days later, the winter solstice comes and then 89 days have to pass in order to get to the spring equinox.
Northern Tropic (or Tropic of Cancer) – the southernmost latitude where the Sun can be directly overhead. The most direct sun rays touch the Tropic on the December solstice.
Southern Tropic (or Tropic of Capricorn) – the opposite of the Tropic of Cancer, the northernest part of the Earth at which the Sun can be overhead. It happens during June solstice.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 30.363268
Retrieved Text: HomeArticlesWhat’s the Difference Between a Solstice and an Equinox?
What is a solstice? What is an equinox? And what’s the difference between them? Let’s clear a few things up!
From an astronomical perspective, an equinox is the instant of time when the plane of Earth’s equator passes through the center of the Sun. In other words, it is the moment at which the center of the Sun is directly above the equator.
Each year there is both a spring and autumn equinox. The spring equinox, otherwise known as the “vernal equinox,” occurs in March, either on March 20th, or the day before or after depending on the year. During the spring equinox, the sun moves northward over the equator, and the Northern Hemisphere begins to experience days that last longer than nights. This lasts until the autumn equinox.
During the autumn equinox, or “autumnal equinox,” the sun moves south over the equator, and this point tends to mark the onset of fall for the Northern Hemisphere. After this point, the nights become longer than the days. The autumnal equinox typically falls on or around September 22nd.
Like equinoxes, solstices occur twice a year. They are used to mark the points in time when the sun’s path is at its farthest point from the Equator. The Northern Hemisphere will typically experience the summer solstice on or around June 20th or 21st. The winter solstice occurs in late December between the 21st and 22nd.
Much like their names imply, the solstices are used to mark the transition from spring to summer and from autumn

########
Rank: 16
Score: 29.891897
Retrieved Text: December 21 may be a little more unique in 2018 in comparison to other years, People is reporting. As you might already know, Friday, December 21, will be the shortest day and longest night of the year. If you’re doing a countdown, the winter solstice will technically begin at 5:23 p.m. — this is when the sun will be directly above at the Tropic of Capricorn. This means the sun will be further away in the Northern Hemisphere than usual, so there is less direct radiation to heat the ground.
As confusing as it is, there is a reason for this happening. Over the span of a year, the earth tilts on its axis at a diagonal away from or toward the sun. This shift results in seasons changing. For that particular minute (this year being 5:23) the Northern hemisphere begins to angle toward the sun, which results in us eventually encountering longer days and warmer temperatures, at least until the spring equinox when day and night are exactly the same amounts of time.
Solstices occur twice a year in the summer and winter, while two equinoxes occur per year in the fall and spring. An equinox signifies the sun passing close over the equator, while a solstice signifies when the sun is farthest away. So why is 2018’s solstice so special?
This year, the winter solstice occurs on the exact same night December’s Full Cold Moon will occur. According to Forbes, NASA also refers to this moon as the Long Night Moon. These names were coined by Native

########
Rank: 17
Score: 29.646435
Retrieved Text: The June solstice is the summer solstice in the Northern Hemisphere and the winter solstice in the Southern Hemisphere.
The date varies between June 20 and June 22, depending on the year, and the local time zone.
A solstice happens when the sun's zenith is at its furthest point from the equator. On the June solstice, it reaches its northernmost point and the Earth’s North Pole tilts directly towards the sun, at about 23.4 degrees.
It's also known as the northern solstice because it occurs when the sun is directly over the Tropic of Cancer in the Northern Hemisphere.
“Solstice” (Latin: “solstitium”) means sun-stopping. The point on the horizon where the sun appears to rise and set, stops and reverses direction after this day. On the solstice, the sun does not rise precisely in the east, but rises to the north of east and sets to the north of west, meaning it's visible in the sky for a longer period of time.
Although the June solstice marks the first day of astronomical summer, it's more common to use meteorological definitions of seasons, making the solstice midsummer or midwinter.
Stonehenge in England may have been constructed as a calendar.
One of the world's oldest evidence of the summer solstice's importance in culture is Stonehenge in England, a megalithic structure which clearly marks the moment of the June solstice.
Midnight Sun or Polar Night?
On the June solstice, the midnight sun is visible (weather permitting) throughout the night, in all areas from just south of the Arctic Circle to the North Pole.
On the other side of the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 29.0463
Retrieved Text: Jeff Saut: Are We at Another Turning Point?
March 2 was this year's game changer, but the market may be turning again as we enter 2010.
Winter officially begins today with the arrival of the winter solstice, which means "standing-still sun". At 5:47 p.m. (EST), the sun's rays will be directly over the southern Pacific Ocean (Tropic of Capricorn), making it seem like the sun is standing still.
This phenomenon occurs twice a year (winter solstice and summer solstice), for as Earth orbits the sun, the north-south position of the sun changes due to the Earth's changing tilt. The dates of maximum tilt to the Earth's equator correspond to the winter and summer solstice.
In these latitudes, most people frame the winter solstice as the shortest day of the year. The quid pro quo is that the French consider it the longest night of the year!
No one is quite certain how long ago humans recognized the winter solstice and began heralding it as a turning point, but a turning point it is since the sun will set a minute or two later each day from here into the summer solstice (June 21).
While the winter and summer solstice have marked the turning points of the annual cycle of the year since Neolithic times, this year's stock market turning point came the week of March 2; and we were bullish.
Since that time, investing has been pretty easy. To wit, given the fact that the equity markets were at generationally oversold levels (three standard deviations below norms), all you had to do was

########
Rank: 19
Score: 28.859312
Retrieved Text: When is the winter solstice 2017 and what time did the sunset in the UK on the shortest day of the year?
EVERY year the longest and shortest days are marked by a solstice when people celebrate the astronomical event by watching the sun rise.
When was the winter solstice in 2017?
The winter solstice was on December 21 and is the "shortest" day of the year and marks the start of the winter period.
This is because the tilt of the Earth’s axis is least aligned with the sun, providing us with the least daylight of the year.
After December 21, the nights begin to get shorter as our planet rotates towards the sun.
The date where Earth is the nearest to the star is marked by the summer solstice.
What time is sunset on the shortest day of the year?
On the shortest day of the year, the sun set VERY early, sinking below the horizon in the UK at around 3:54pm depending on your exact location.
You can check the precise times in your area using this sunset calendar.
What happens at Stonehenge on the winter solstice?
Every year in December visitors from around the world flock to Stonehenge to mark the winter solstice.
Early in the morning on December 21, astronomical phenomenon is celebrated by visitors who gather to see the sunrise above the stones.
The sunrise on the day is at 8.04am.
The organisers of the event write on their website: "The Winter Solstice is the most important day of the year at Stonehenge and a truly magical time to be there.
"It's an ad hoc

########
Rank: 20
Score: 28.620544
Retrieved Text: Today is a beautiful start to the Winter Solstice—the shortest day of the year. Of course, for our friends in the Southern Hemisphere, it is the start of the Summer Solstice, and the longest day of the year. There are actually four days of Solstice, (20, 21, 22, 23) and we always end with a party on the 23rd.
Teren told me that during the Solstice, the sun is directly overhead of the Tropic of Capricorn in the Southern Hemisphere. It occurs when the North Pole is tilted the furthest away from us, approx.. 23.5 degrees away from the sun.
All that really means is that it will get dark really early today. But right now, it’s beautiful out. The sun is sparkling off the freshly fallen snow and the air has a wonderful crispness abut it. Everything is glistening with a shimmering white blanket. I can look out see the kids ice-skating on Lake Maxine. I do love this time of the year. But then why wouldn’t I? I create it all.
This morning, Mother, Tara, and I flew out to her village in Timerrain to visit her parents, my grand parents. They are such lovely Fée. Teren will join us tomorrow. He had to finish his studies. I must say, he is doing quit well in his Theoretical Magic class. Just wish he did better in math. I, of course, was a wiz at it.
As usual, Jake is busy at the chateau—so many preparations for the holidays—all the lights and garlands to be hung. Margay sent over

########
Rank: 21
Score: 28.383226
Retrieved Text: Only 88 more days until spring.
Astronomical winter begins at 12:11 p.m. EST in North America. Here in Chicago we will receive only 9½ hours of daylight and no sunshine as it’s overcast and sleeting today. I’m already tired of the colorless winter landscape and am counting the days until spring.
The solstice occurs because the earth’s axis is tilted at an angle of 23.5 degrees.
The word solstice comes from ancient Latin. Sol meaning “sun” and sistere, “to stand still.” For several days before and after the solstice the sun appears to stand still in the sky and it’s noon time elevation does not change.
Some say early Christmas celebrations have their roots in the Feast of Saturnalia, a winter solstice celebration to the Roman god Saturn. When Christianity was introduced to the Roman Empire, the church allowed the feast to continue but dedicated it to the birth of Christ.
The custom of giving presents comes from the Roman feast of Saturnalia.
Stonehenge is aligned with solstice. The timber circle is orientated towards the rising sun on the midwinter solstice.
I’m ready for spring as well. It was so sleety here yesterday, I’m still drying boots. Love the post, and the photo.
“Only 88 more days until spring.”… Love it!!
That photo is amazing! Beautiful…I wish I was there right now!
Forgot to say that I love all the Solstice Facts…I love learning new facts!!
What a great post. I didn’t know winter had a precise starting time within the day. I love your picture too, that one bit of red on the right. Although I’m

########
Rank: 22
Score: 28.362597
Retrieved Text: We all know that Monday, June 20th marks the first day of summer. This means that the temperature will get hotter, the days longer, and the nights shorter. Summer occurs because of the way the earth is tilted towards the sun and the first day of summer happens because of the summer solstice.
This solstice marks the beginning of summer and it is when the sun travels the furthest and longest in the sky. Therefore, in the Northern Hemisphere this day holds the most sunlight. On the other hand, in the Southern Hemisphere, June 20th is the shortest day of the year and called the winter solstice.
In ancient times, the solstice was used to organize calendars and determine when to harvest crops. So, many different cultures around the world celebrate the June solstice because it has a time-honored history. Feasts, Picnics, bonfires, face painting, dancing, and music are some of the many traditions and rituals that take place on this day.
People gather in Stonehenge near, Wiltshire England to watch the sun rise on the first day of summer. Archaeologists believe that Stonehenge was built from 3000 BC to 2000 BC. It is one of the world’s most famous monuments and its giant stones can be seen from miles away.
It is known that if you stand in the right place inside the Stonehenge monument, on June 20th, facing north-east you will be able to see the sun rise.
Summer is especially warm during June, July and August because the earth is directly below the Sun. This season exposes the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 28.359188
Retrieved Text: The relative position of the Sun is a major factor in the heat gain of buildings and in the performance of solar energy systems. Accurate location-specific knowledge of sun path and climatic conditions is essential for economic decisions about solar collector area, orientation, landscaping, summer shading, and the cost-effective use of solar trackers.
Sun paths at any latitude and any time of the year can be determined from basic geometry. The Earth's axis of rotation tilts about 23.5 degrees, relative to the plane of Earth's orbit around the Sun. As the Earth orbits the Sun, this creates the 47° declination difference between the solstice sun paths, as well as the hemisphere-specific difference between summer and winter.
In the Northern Hemisphere, the winter sun (November, December, January) rises in the southeast, transits the celestial meridian at a low angle in the south (more than 43° above the southern horizon in the tropics), and then sets in the southwest. It is on the south (equator) side of the house all day long. A vertical window facing south (equator side) is effective for capturing solar thermal energy. For comparison, the winter sun in the Southern Hemisphere (May, June, July) rises in the northeast, peaks out at a low angle in the north (more than halfway up from the horizon in the tropics), and then sets in the northwest. There, the north-facing window would let in plenty of solar thermal energy to the house.
In the Northern Hemisphere in summer (May, June, July), the Sun rises in the northeast, peaks out slightly south

########
Rank: 24
Score: 28.229591
Retrieved Text: Eating dumplings is the custom of most Chinese people in the winter solstice. Of course, there are exceptions, such as the custom of drinking mutton soup on the day of the winter solstice in Tengzhou, Shandong, to dispel the cold. Every year on the winter solstice of the lunar calendar, dumplings are a necessary holiday meal, regardless of the rich and the poor.
During the winter solstice, the diet should be varied, with a reasonable mix of valley, fruit, meat and vegetables, and proper selection of high calcium food. There are different customs in the winter solstice. In most parts of northern China, there is the custom of eating dumplings in winter solstice. The winter solstice after thousands of years of development, formed a unique food culture festival.
Why the winter solstice eat dumplings? Someone said Boiled dumplings called bait dumplings, eat Boiled dumplings is cold in the winter in order to illnesses, not frozen ears. It is said that this custom is due to commemorate the "medical" Zhang Zhongjing solstice left up medicine.
The winter solstice eat dumplings, is not forget the "medical" Zhang Zhongjing "Quhan Jiao ear soup". So far, there are still "dumpling bowls in winter solstice" in Nanyang. The main thing is to eat dumplings in the future. "Dumplings are shaped like treasure. They are rich and meaningful. This is the most reasonable explanation I think personally." so, eating dumplings is a hope of making money.
In many areas of the north of China, there is a custom of eating dumplings on winter solstice every year.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 28.150326
Retrieved Text: FOR SALE COMING SOON! Charming, large River Green craftsman home!
Rent this apartment in vibrant downtown Woodstock!
Check out these ice hotels…..amazing!
How long does paint on a rental property last? Expect to paint your rental home interior every three to four years. That’s the average lifetime of paint on a rental property. Knowing this now will give you the time to save for it so it’s not budget blower when it occurs.
Will the property you’re looking at be a good rental investment?
December 21 is the Winter Solstice, the shortest day of the year. Celebrate by throwing a quick party using these ideas…..

########
Rank: 26
Score: 28.11155
Retrieved Text: The winter solstice occurs on Sun. Dec. 21, 2013 at 18:03 EST (6:03 p.m.) Daylight in North America will last about 9 1/2 hours, the shortest day of the year and the longest night. After that the light will grow day by day until the longest day around June 21st.
The poem that follows was written in Venice Beach, California in 1993, a long way from Hereford Hill in Quebec’s Eastern Townships where the woods has grown ever deeper.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 28.07938
Retrieved Text: Happy summer solstice! Summer solstice officially occurs at 2:07 am Alaska Time. Where I live in McCarthy the sun will rise at 3:49 am and set at 11:17 pm for a total of 19 hours and 28 minutes of daylight. That contrasts with the winter solstice, where we have 5 hours and 22 minutes of daylight. Daylight gives us energy and makes us happy so it’s a reason to celebrate. You can use this daylight calculator to see how much daylight there is on a certain day of the year in your location.
This year I decided to participate in the 100 Days Project, a free, global project, hosted online where people do one creative act every day for 100 days. You can learn more about it on their website and see what other people are doing by searching under #the100dayproject.
My last post doubted the presence of winter. A week later it has gotten colder. We still just have a light dusting of snow, so you can't ski or really travel much by snowmachine (or at least I wouldn't), but it feels and looks like winter outside. So in contrast I wanted to share some photos from the shortest day of the year and the beauty that it holds. Happy solstice to all and happy winter solstice to those living in the northern hemisphere.
About two years ago, I started to work on an illustration project, which became the children’s pop-up book, The Adventures of Apun the Arctic Fox. The book is coming out next week, so I’m

########
Rank: 28
Score: 28.063442
Retrieved Text: The winter solstice takes place on the shortest day - and longest night - of the year. In 2018, the winter solstice will happen at 12:15 p.m. on Friday, December 21, in the Washington D.C. area. This site will help you find the exact day and time of the winter solstice in your area, as well as the particulars for the summer solstice and the fall and spring equinoxes.
According to our calendar system, the winter solstice can fall on December 20, 21, 22, or 23. That is true for those of us living in the Northern Hemisphere who are experiencing winter. However, because of the Earth's tilt, those in the Southern Hemisphere are having their summer solstice in December. Likewise, their winter solstice is in June.
The solstice itself refers to a particular point in time on that day, but most people celebrate the solstice (also known as midwinter) as an all-day (or all-night) occasion.
At Stonehenge in England, sunrise on winter solstice illuminates a particular part of the henge monument.
Neolithic monuments Newgrange in Ireland and Maeshowe in Scotland are also aligned with sunrise on the winter solstice.
The Incan empire, located in the Southern Hemisphere, celebrated winter solstice in June at an event called Inti Raymi ("sun festival"). This was marked by fasting followed by cups of sacred beer and animal sacrifice.
Pagan Scandinavia and Germany had a 12-day midwinter festival called Jul (pronounced Yule). The particular god of these feasts was Jólner. Modern pagans following in these traditions continue to observe Jul. Yule logs come from this celebration.
Saint

########
Rank: 29
Score: 28.021982
Retrieved Text: The biggest problem may be that you think the earth makes a complete orbit around the sun every 365 days. So, you figure, if the planet is at a certain point in that orbit today, it will be at that same point at the same time on Dec. 26, 2016. Therefore, the summer solstice should be at the exact same time each year. What could be simpler than that?
In reality, it’s not that simple at all. It actually takes the Earth about 365 1/4 days to orbit the sun — or, as “Star Trek’s” Mr. Spock would tell you, 365 days, 5 hours, 49 minutes and 48 seconds to be exact. So it requires nearly an additional six hours to arrive at the same point in our orbit from year to year. As a result, the summer solstice gets pushed back about six hours every year, too.
Of course, Pope Gregory XIII tried to correct for this with his new calendar in 1582 by adding one extra leap day almost every four years. By doing this, we at least keep the timing of the summer solstice within a reasonably narrow time frame rather than watching it drift to a date earlier and earlier in June as it had under the old calendar introduced by Roman emperor Julius Caesar. Still, even our calendar is poor at taking our odd orbital time into account. Therefore, because of this constant fudging to make the calendar agree with Mother Nature, the start of summer still can fall within a three-day window.
Solstice,

================



======= Instance Index 25 =========
Input Text: What boils at the boiling point?

Which is the correct answer?
- Kool-Aid
- Cotton
- Paper towel
- Hair

Target Text: Kool-Aid

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 32.18299
Retrieved Text: Published 04/25/2019 03:05:46 am at 04/25/2019 03:05:46 am in Cup That Boils Water.
cup that boils water ec assets2fmessage editor2f1478880504952 water for teas cup that boils water in seconds.
cup that boils water and lime,cup that boils water,cup that boils water in seconds,cup that boils water in 90,cup that boils water fast,cup that boils water freezes, how to boil water in a kettle what kettle how to boil water in a kettle, does waters boiling point change with altitude americans arent does waters boiling point change with altitude americans arent sure pew research center, espresso machine portable automatic boils water bars pressure one espresso machine portable automatic boils water , water can explode in the microwave steve spangler science theres a danger to boiling water alone in the microwave it could explode if no, miito the sustainable alternative to the electric kettle by miito this wastes energy and water and also means you have to wait longer for it to heat up we set out to change this by eliminating the electric kettle .

########
Rank: 1
Score: 30.055807
Retrieved Text: Question 1 What are the ways in which physical state of matter can be changed ?
Question 2 What is boiling ?
Question 3 What is condensation?
Question 4 What is freezing?
Question 5 What do you mean by inter-conversion of matter?
Question 6 What is melting or fusion.
Question 7 What does higher melting point indicate ?
Question 8 How does a solid changes into liquid on heating ?
Question 9 How does a liquid changes into vapours on heating ?
The process in which a solid substance changes into a liquid on heating is called Melting or fusion.
The temperature at which a solid substance melts and changes into a liquid at atmospheric pressure is called melting point of the substance.
For Ex:The ice melts at a temperature of 0°C to form liquid water.So the melting point of ice is 0°C.
Different solids have different melting points.
Higher the melting point of solid substance,greater will be the forces of attraction between its particles.
When a solid substance is heated,the heat energy makes its particles vibrate more vigorously.At the melting point,the particles of a solid have sufficient kinetic energy to overcome the strong forces of attraction holding them in fixed positions and break to form small groups of particles.And the solid melts to form a liquid.
The process in which a liquid substance into a gas rapidly on heating is called boiling.
When water changes into steam rapidly on heating,it is called boiling of water.
The temperature at which a liquid boils and changes rapidly into a gas at atmospheric pressure is called boiling point of the liquid.
For Example: When water is

########
Rank: 2
Score: 29.552797
Retrieved Text: The boiling point of a liquid depends on the external air pressure. When water is placed under vacuum, the boiling point decreases and the water boils. Boiling, however, is an endothermic process—as the water boils, the temperature decreases, and the water soon freezes!
In this demo, pressure changes cause a sample of acetone freezes while still boiling.
This entry was posted in Gr 9-10 Science, Gr. 11-12 Chemistry and tagged boiling, changes of state, demo, freezing. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 27.56078
Retrieved Text: Degrees Celsius Temperature scale that registers the freezing point of water as 0 degrees C and the boiling point as 100 degrees C under normal atmospheric pressure.
Degrees Kelvin Temperature scale in which zero occurs at absolute zero and each degree equals one kelvin. Water freezes at 273.15 K and boils at 373.15 K.
Degrees Rankine Absolute temperature using degrees the same size as those of the Fahrenheit scale, in which the freezing point of water is 491.69 and the boiling point of water is 671.69.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.391401
Retrieved Text: Boiling is the change of state from a liquid to a gas. Boiling of a pure substance occurs at a particular constant temperature called boiling point.
The change of state from a gas to a liquid is called condensation. A pure substance condenses at a temperature equal to its boiling point.
During the boiling process, liquid and gas exist in equilibrium.
At boiling point, the particles have enough energy to overcome the attractive forces between the particles and move away from one another.
Cause for constant temperature during boiling: The absorbed heat energy is used to overcome the attractive forces between the particles and not the kinetic energy.
When the liquid vapourises, volume of the liquid expands. High pressure applied to liquid will oppose its expansion into gas and thus, opposes boiling. Therefore, the boiling point of the liquids increases with increasing pressure. A reduction in pressure lowers the boiling point.
In mountains, water boils at lower temperatures as the atmospheric pressure decreases with the elevation.
Evaporated milk is produced by boiling the milk under reduced pressure. Boiling under reduced pressure saves energy required to boil and the lowered temperature preserves the vitamins in the milk better.
In pressure cookers, when the cooking pressure increases and the boiling point of water inside the cooker increases. Therefore, higher temperature can be achieved and the food can be cooked more quickly.
Note: The boiling point of pure water is 100 °C at standard atmospheric pressure.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.21859
Retrieved Text: We’ve all heard about glide, but what is it really and how does it affect our system?
Glide, or temperature glide, is the difference between the bubble point and the dew point of the zeotropic refrigerant mixture.
Well that wasn’t very helpful, was it? All we did was introduce new terms without defining them and further confused the issue.
So, let’s start with zeotrope or zeotropic mixture. A zeotropic mixture is a chemical mixture that never has the same vapor phase and liquid phase composition at the vapor-liquid equilibrium state. Still unhelpful? I thought so, too, so let’s look at what it means to us rather than what the books say.
A zeotrope, is a refrigerant mixture or blend that boils across a range of temperatures at any given pressure. So, unlike water that boils at a constant temperature of 212°F at atmospheric pressure, a zeotropic mixture will boil between across a range of temperatures at that same single pressure. Using r407a as an example, at atmospheric pressure, the liquid would begin to boil at -49°F and will continue to boil until the last droplet boils away at -37.5°F. I know that it’s kind of weird to think of the process of boiling like that, but that’s what is happening with a zeotrope. Boiling takes place over a range of temperatures.
That temperature range is called the glide.
Now that we’ve got a basic concept that we can work from, we can start to understand glide and ultimately get to how it affects a refrigeration system. Let’s start with bubble point. Since

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.838177
Retrieved Text: Q. What’s the problem with water and why should I convert to Evans?
This is the key question which requires a multifaceted answer –well worth reading if you have 10 minutes to spare!
• Evans has natural antifreeze properties freezing below -40ºC, does not degrade and is Non-Toxic. Thus eliminating the worry about topping-up or recharging with antifreeze every winter.
• Water turns in to steam at 100ºC. Mixing ethylene glycol antifreeze with water (50-50) increases the boiling point to 103ºC. Fitting a spring loaded cap can raise system pressure and thus the coolant boiling point. A typical 1 Bar (14.5psi) pressure-cap theoretically raises the boiling point of 50-50 coolant to 123ºC, which you would expect to be sufficient to prevent boiling. In reality Eddy currents and pressure drops within the cooling system, combined with very high metal temperatures adjacent to the combustion zone often result in boiling coolant and the formation of steam-vapour pockets. Steam is a poor heat transfer medium and localised overheating is often the cause of pre-ignition, detonation, increased fuel consumption and reduced power delivery. Once a steam-vapour pocket is formed it will not readily condense and can lead to full-overheat, piston-liner scuffing, cylinder-head warping and eventually total engine failure. Sounds dramatic, especially when you’re stood next to an engine that ‘lets-go’!
• Water-based coolants turn to steam-vapour where there is sufficient temperature combined with a drop in pressure. The rapid formation of vapour bubbles inside a liquid is better known as Cavitation. If the local pressure increases rapidly the vapour bubble will collapse with significant

########
Rank: 7
Score: 26.641148
Retrieved Text: Also known as a “love meter.” A partially evacuated glass tube is filled with a liquid that has a very low boiling point. When you wrap your hand around the bottom bulb, the heat and the low pressure inside the tube combine to cause the liquid to boil. The liquid boils upward into the opposite chamber and completely unfounded romantic aspersions are cast about. Demonstrates boiling point, the effect of atmospheric pressure on the boiling point, and the transfer of heat through conduction.
Click the button below to add the Hand Boiler to your wish list.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 26.55429
Retrieved Text: The extreme pressure and high heat common to braking can push conventional brake fluid beyond its boiling point, causing it to vaporize, or boil-off. Even more problematic, water contamination can drop the boiling point of conventional fluid below safe standards, accelerating the rate at which it boils off. This leads to a spongy or unresponsive feeling in the brake pedal. In contrast, the unique chemistry behind AMSOIL Synthetic Brake Fluids increase their boiling point temperatures well beyond Department of Transportation (DOT) standards even when contaminated with 3.7 percent water (see chart). They maintain a stable viscosity over a wide temperature range and flow easily at the high pressures generated in today's automotive brake systems to deliver consistent, safe braking. AMSOIL Series 600 DOT 4 Synthetic Racing Brake Fluid features a wet equilibrium reflux boiling point (Wet ERBP) nearly 100°F higher than the DOT minimum, making it ideal for high-performance cars, motorcycles and vehicles used for towing.
Consult the AMSOIL Online Product Applications Guide for application information. For powersports applications, consult the owner’s manual to determine the correct DOT classification.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 26.478046
Retrieved Text: "P4." YourDictionary, n.d. Web. 18 April 2019. <https://www.yourdictionary.com/P4>.
It boils at 290°, forming a colourless vapour which just about the boiling-point corresponds in density to tetratomic molecules, P4; at 1500° to 1700°, however, Biltz and Meyer detected dissociation into P2 molecules.
Beckmann obtained P4 molecules from the boiling-point of carbon bisulphide solutions, and Hertz arrived at the same conclusion from the lowering of the freezing-point in benzene solution; E.
P4 represent the centres of load in a structure of four pieces, and the sides of the ~ polygon of resistances P1 P2 P2 P4 represent respectively the direc~ I~~ tions and positions FIG.
But if the cemented face of P4 is silvered, From Zeitschr.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 26.423025
Retrieved Text: With the adjustable temperature, you can choose from 7 temperature settings to make several kinds of tea.
Use the Keep Warm function to maintain the water temperature for longer.
Water boils quickly, thanks to the rapid boiling time of 1 minute and 55 seconds.
The SMEG KLF04SSEU stainless steel`has 7 temperature settings, enabling you to heat water to temperatures between 60 and 100°C. By using water below the boiling point, you'll prevent the leaves of special teas from burning and making the tea taste bitter. This Smeg kettle boils the water quickly and quietly. It has a striking retro look with a stainless steel casing in a fresh color tone. The indicator on this kettle shows both the number of liters as well as the number of cups. This way, you can easily tell whether you're boiling enough water for you and your guests. To open the lid, press the button on top of the lid.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 26.416962
Retrieved Text: Boiling point elevation is a colligative property of solutions. Solutions boiling points are higher than that of the solute or solvent because the vapor pressure of solutions is lower. A boiling point is when the vapor pressure of the solution becomes equal to the external pressure, so when the initial vapor pressure is lower, it takes more heat to elevate the vapor pressure to the same point.
Alright so one of the properties that you're going to see in class, is we're going to talk about boiling point elevation and that is the temperature difference between the boiling points of a solution and that of a pure solvent. Now as you can probably guess from the title it's actually going to increase from the solvent to the solution, solution is going to have a higher point than the solvent. And why is that? Let's define point first. Boiling point is when vapor pressure of whatever substance you're dealing with is going to equal the atmosphere pressure of the pressure around it. Okay great let's say we have a pure solvent, let's say we have a beaker of water. We know that the surface of water, there's particles that are going to escape into vapor pressure into vapor back and forth back and forth and there're going to have some sort of pressure up here.
And as we heat the substance that pressure is going to raise due to kinetic energy increasing and it's going to eventually reach the atmosphere pressure and then boil okay. So let's over to

########
Rank: 12
Score: 26.136917
Retrieved Text: An azeotrope is a mixture of two or more pure compounds (chemicals) in such a ratio that its composition cannot be changed by simple distillation. This is because when an azeotrope is boiled, the resulting vapor has the same ratio of constituents as the original mixture of liquids. Because composition is unchanged by boiling, azeotropes are also known as constant boiling mixtures (especially in older texts). The word azeotrope comes from the Greek words "α ζειν τρόπος", meaning "no change on boiling".
Each azeotrope has a characteristic boiling point. The boiling point of an azeotrope is either less than the boiling points of any of its constituents (a positive azeotrope), or greater than the boiling point of any of its constituents (a negative azeotrope).
A well known example of a positive azeotrope is 95.6% ethanol and 4.4% water (by weight). Ethanol boils at 78.4°C, water boils at 100°C, but the azeotrope boils at 78.1°C, which is lower than either of its constituents. Indeed 78.1°C is the minimum temperature at which any ethanol/water solution can boil. It is generally true that a positive azeotrope boils at a lower temperature than any other ratio of its constituents. Positive azeotropes are also called minimum boiling mixtures.
An example of a negative azeotrope is 20.2% hydrogen chloride and 79.8% water (by weight). Hydrogen chloride boils at –84°C and water at 100°C, but the azeotrope boils at 110°C, which is higher than either of its constituents. Indeed 110°C is the maximum temperature at which any hydrochloric acid solution can boil. It is generally true

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.817915
Retrieved Text: (physics) The temperature at which a liquid boils, with the vapor pressure equal to the given external pressure.
Portuguese: ponto de ebulição m.
Spanish: punto de ebullición m.
This page was last modified on 12 May 2008, at 14:36.
This article uses material from the English Wiktionary entry "boiling point".

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.301655
Retrieved Text: What The Heck Is A Heatpipe Anyhow?
ED Note: Jeff is one of our Senior Forum Members and has started a new site called Wildandyc.co.uk with Proze and Wild Andy C. We wish them the best of luck and look forward to seeing their website grow; drop by for a visit!
Heatsinks move heat away from its point of origin by conducting the heat through metal, usually aluminum or copper. Heatpipes move heat through a process known as Vapor Phase. Vapor phase is the same process that keeps your work environment cool in the summer time, and keeps your frozen produce frozen.
What is Vapor Phase? Vapor phase is, simply put, a liquid evaporating into a gas, resulting in a cooling effect. Ever notice how the wind feels cold after getting out of the pool, even though it’s a warm and sunny day outside? The wind feels cold because it is evaporating the water that’s on your skin.
Here is a simple diagram of a heatpipe – look it over.
The heat source at the bottom of the heatpipe heats the liquid to its boiling point. When the liquid boils, it cools itself by evaporation. The liquid will remain at its boiling point, but will not exceed more than a few degrees above its boiling point, because the constant evaporation stabilizes its temperature.
Now that some of the liquid is a gas, it must be cooled in order to condense back to a liquid state. The surface area of the cylinder from the fluid level up performs this duty. The gas “passes”

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.124535
Retrieved Text: I spent last weekend selling a lot of tea at a fair, and gradually I developed a 'pitch' of sorts, but it was not intentional. I just wanted to make sure my customers purchased the tea that was best for them. So, I thought I would tell you my unintentional (but well intentioned) pitch!
My first question concerns what kind of tea do you like? Faced with the choice of black and green teas, where do you land? Many customers would tell me they were into green tea. I tell a customer that any green tea will likely be bitter if they make the mistake of using boiling water.
When your water boils, do not immediately take it off the stove and pour into your cup or tea pot. If you do, you will scorch or burn the tea leaves. Green tea is delicate and if you pour boiling water on it the result is a tea that will taste bitter regardless of how short the steeping time is.
What should you do with green tea? After your water boils, take the kettle off the burner and wait 3-4 minutes for the water to cool. It will still be plenty hot at the 3-4 minute point, and then it is at a reasonable temperature for pouring over your green tea.
The green tea I sell is blended with roses and cherry. The lower temperature and a steeping time of a mere 2 minutes will produce a light tasting and even creamy green tea accented by cherry and rose notes. Had

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.12419
Retrieved Text: A boil is an infection that appears on the skin as an abscess that is large and is accompanied by pimples that are difficult. Pus in the boiling, in the center. When it first appears, it is tender and red and then build up bacteria, proteins and blood cells causes the pus to develop. They are similar to cysts and can appear in places like the arm, back, face, head and back.
The boil or Anthrax forms boil on the skin of a person because of the bacteria found in skin due to the presence of Staphylococcus aureus. In this case, the boiling may have multiple openings and may be accompanied by a fever and chills. Generally it occurs in a hair follicle. The Anthrax are large abscesses that occur in a larger group of hair follicles and cover a larger area.
This is a type of boiling is formed due to blockage of oil ducts. This can cause deep skin infection, affecting the tissue. It is frequently seen on the face of a person and during the years of puberty.
pilonidal cysts commonly appear in the buttock area, especially the fold. They occur in the hair follicles of this region. When it expands, it can be painful and firm, especially when touched and can occur due to periods of sitting extended.
armpit boils are known as hidradenitis suppurativa and are a condition in which several abscesses form in the armpits. They can also occur in the groin area. These are difficult to remove with the treatment of the house

########
Rank: 17
Score: 24.754171
Retrieved Text: Of or relating to a temperature scale that registers the freezing point of water as 0° and the boiling point as 100° under normal atmospheric pressure. See Table at measurement.
Relating to a temperature scale on which the freezing point of water is 0° and the boiling point of water is 100° under normal atmospheric pressure. See Note at centigrade.
Did You Know? In the United States, a forecast of 37° might get you to wear a coat. In Canada, however, 37° would call for shorts and sandals. Do Canadians simply enjoy the cold more? Well, possibly, but the true difference is that the two countries use different temperature scales. The United States favors the Fahrenheit scale, in which 37° is wintry. Canadians, and most of the world, use the Celsius scale, in which 37° is equivalent to 98.6° Fahrenheit—body temperature! Scientists usually use Celsius, in which 0 is water's freezing point (32°F) and 100 is its boiling point (212°F). (To convert between scales, see the table of measurements at the entry for measurement.) Scientists also use the Kelvin scale, where 0 is as cold as anything could ever get, which is about -273° Celsius. (One Kelvin degree, or one kelvin, equals one Celsius degree.) If it's going to be 37 kelvins, you'd better wear all the clothes you have, because your molecules will barely be moving at all.
The centigrade temperature scale in which water freezes at 0°C and boils at 100°C.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 24.483244
Retrieved Text: Why Has My Electric Kettle Gone Noisy?
Electric kettle goes noisy when the water in it reaches the boiling point, the steam in the kettle will build up pressure and this often leads to hissing and noisy sounds made by the kettle. The noise is a result of the heat transfer from the heating element of the kettle to the water in it. The water gets hot and creates bubbles over time. The bubbles collapse continuously and release sound waves and this process causes the noise in the kettle.
Electric kettle is one of the vital kitchen gadgets at home. The major purpose of electric kettle is to boil water other for beverages or other cooking. Unlike stovetop kettles, electric kettles, preferably the cordless ones, is suitable for small spaced kitchen, as well as dorm rooms, hotel rooms, studio and office kitchen. Electric kettles are users friendly and are safe to use as they come with auto shut mechanism which prevent boiling dryness. The auto shut mechanism turn off the electric kettle the moment it reaches the boiling points and this helps to protect the heating element in the kettle. This makes it suitable for the busy hands and the absent minded people.
The stovetop kettles will dry the water after boiling for several minutes without being attend to and this can even get the whole kettle burn. It is less know among the people that boiling water for a long period of time tends to cause the water to lose its taste. But electric kettle prevents that from

########
Rank: 19
Score: 24.385593
Retrieved Text: Depends on how you cut it.
Mix together flour, sugar, and marshmallows: set aside.
Melt and bring to boil margarine, oil, cocoa powder, cola.
When mixture boils pour into flour mixture.
Beat eggs, buttermilk, soda add to mix.
The batter will be thin.
Bake at 350 in a greased 13 x 9 inch baking pan for 30 to 45 minutes.
FROSTING: Combine margarine, cocoa, cola. Heat to boiling point, remove from heat.
Add sugar and nuts. Spread on cake while hot.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.192436
Retrieved Text: I just recently found out something interesting about boiling food in water. There is a rule to follow — some foods need to go into the water while it’s boiling — others need to start out in the water before it boils. So do you know the Rules for Boiling Food?
So what do you do about eggs? Some people say boiling the water first can potentially crack the eggs — so you start off with cold water. But I recently saw a study done on hard-boil eggs. The difference came when the eggs were peeled. Apparently when you boil your eggs in already boiling water, it’s much easier to peel the eggs.
Have you found any rules that work when boiling foods?
-Do you wonder How to Peel Shrimp the right way?
–What Foods Should be Refrigerated?
« Back-to-School Simple Snack Ideas!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 23.721367
Retrieved Text: Cavitation erosion (and the related erosion or impingement corrosion) is an infrequently discussed yet frequently misunderstood phenomenon that can lead to metal damage and failure. It can afflict everything from engines and generators to plumbing systems and propellers. Cavitation is the formation of voids or bubbles in a liquid that are a result of forces that act upon the liquid. Its important, however, to distinguish these voids from common bubbles as the latter contain a gas, often air, while the former contain nothing. That is, they are vacuum bubbles. Interestingly, the formation of the cavitation void is tantamount to boiling because the boiling point of a liquid drops as the pressure drops. (Its why mountaineers use pressure cookers; at a high altitude and therefore lower atmospheric pressure, water boils at a temperature lower than 212°F.) Thus, cavitation bubbles are essentially a result of low temperature boiling induced by low pressure. Cavitation may occur as liquid moves swiftly around constrictions and through orifices, particularly when such orifices change shape from small to large, as in water moving past a gate valve, or worse, through a partially opened valve. These conditions create a Venturi effect and the rapid change in pressure is conducive to the formation of cavitation bubbles.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.718313
Retrieved Text: When it comes to fast food at home, pasta is perfect. But does adding a dash of salt really cook it quicker? Dr Karl has been in the kitchen turning up the heat.
If you watch somebody cooking pasta, you’ll almost always see them adding some salt to the water. When you ask why, they’ll say they add the salt either to improve the flavour, or to make the water boil at a higher temperature so that the pasta cooks faster.
When you add heat to water, you turn the liquid water into steam. The steam expands, and in doing so, has to push against the surrounding atmosphere. That’s why water doesn’t always boil at 100° C.
At high altitudes the atmospheric pressure is low, so water will boil at a lower temperature. In the Himalayas, I saw our porters bring the water to the boil, and add spaghetti – but it never fully cooked. We were about 12,000 feet (3,658 metres) above sea level.
At that altitude, the boiling point of water is only 88° C. No matter how long they boiled the water, it would never get hotter than 88° C, and so the pasta was always a little crunchy.
The opposite situation happens inside a pressure cooker. The pressure is significantly higher than atmospheric pressure, so the water won’t boil until it gets to 120° C. This higher temperature really speeds up the cooking.
The claim is that adding salt to water does the same. It increases the temperature at which the water boils, which then supposedly cooks the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 23.69974
Retrieved Text: Why Does Food Cook Faster in a Pressure Cooker?
Why do we cook food?
In all cases, we use heat to do all this.
Pressure cookers are used to speed up cooking food that would normally be boiled, stewed, or braised (lightly fried – for browning- then stewed).
When we boil or stew food, the maximum cooking temperature is 100°C (212°F) because this is the boiling point of water. No matter how much you heat the water, it won’t get any hotter. The water will boil more violently, but it won’t get hotter.
The boiling point of water is 100°C only at sea level. At higher altitudes, water boils at a lower temperature. In Denver Colorado (altitude 1600m), the boiling point of water is 94°C. In La Paz, Bolivia (altitude 3600m), the boiling point of water is 87.7°C. And at the top of Mount Everest (altitude 8900m), the boiling point of water is only 71°C.
This happens because the air pressure at higher altitudes is lower, which means there is less air pressure pushing down on the water. The water molecules at the surface of water are always trying to jump into the atmosphere. At lower atmospheric pressure, they need less energy to do so.
A pressure cooker is a sealed container in which the steam from the boiling water increases the pressure inside it. The increased pressure means the water must get to higher temperature in order to boil. By increasing the temperature of the water, the food is able to cook more quickly.
Most pressure cookers use an internal pressure of 2

########
Rank: 24
Score: 23.498188
Retrieved Text: 1. What are the four common phases of matter?
2. Do the molecules in a liquid all have about the same speed, or do they have a wide variety of speeds?
Molecules in liquids have a wide variety of speeds.
3. What is evaporation, and why is it a cooling process? Exactly what is it that cools?
Evaporation is a change of phase from liquid to gas that occurs at the surface of a liquid. The average kinetic energy of the molecules remaining in the liquid is lowered, which results in cooling. The loss of energy is the only factor which cools liquid evaporation.
4. Why does warmer water evaporate more readily than cold water?
Warmer water evaporates more readily than cold water because there are a greater proportion of molecules with sufficient kinetic energy to escape the warmer water.
The form of evaporation in which molecules are covered directly from a solid to a gaseous phase.
6. Distinguish between condensation and evaporation.
In condensation the state changes from gas to liquid while evaporation the state changes from liquid to gas. Condensation is a warming process while evaporation is a cooling process.
7. Why is a steam burn more damaging than a burn from boiling water of the same temperature?
A scaling from steam is much more damaging than a scalding from boiling water of the same temperature because the steam releases considerable energy when it condenses to a liquid and wets the skin.
8. Why do you feel uncomfortably warm on a hot day and humid day?
On a hot day and humid day we feel uncomfortably warm

########
Rank: 25
Score: 23.320427
Retrieved Text: What is the boiling temperature of cooking oil? Using the same amount of heat, cooking oil and water, which liquid will boil first? Why is one liquid boiled before the other? Thanks for your answers.
The exact temperatures will also depend on how pure the oil is.
The boiling point estimates that I’ve found are pretty sketchy, but a fair estimate for soybean oil (most cheap cooking oil is soybean oil) is about 300 C (or 572 F).
You can compare this to the boiling point of water, which is 100 C (or 212 F). The boiling point of a liquid is the temperature where the liquid will change into a gas. The reason that different liquids boil at different temperatures is because of the chemical bonds that hold them together. So when I say that oil has a higher boiling point than water, what I am actually saying is that the chemical bonds that hold oil together are stronger than the ones holding water together - it takes more heat to break them apart. The main reason for this is that the oil molecules are much bigger, so each one has more surface to stick to the other ones.
So what does this mean in real life? Let’s say you took a pan of oil and a pan of water and put them both on the stove. Then you turn the stove on to heat them both up at the same rate. Once they get up to 100 degrees C, the water will start to boil. And around 257

########
Rank: 26
Score: 23.121613
Retrieved Text: Boiling and simmering are two of the most basic cooking techniques. They both use hot liquid to transfer heat to foods and cook them through. The difference between the two methods is the temperature at which they occur. Boiling occurs at a higher temperature and is used to cook sturdy foods that can be knocked around in vigorously boiling water. Simmering is used more frequently than boiling. It cooks more delicate foods such as vegetables and rice. Because these methods do not brown food or concentrate flavors by allowing ingredients to shed moisture, boiled or simmered foods often derive flavor from sauces or are used as accompaniments to support other dishes.
At sea level, water boils at 212 degrees Fahrenheit. Large bubbles rise energetically and burst on the surface of the water, creating turbulence.
Boiling is for hardy, sturdy foods of relatively small size that can withstand this turbulence and the churning action—there are, in fact, only a handful foods that are cooked through via boiling: dried pasta, some grains, and vegetables that are being blanched are the most common (hard-boiled eggs are, in fact, often simmered).
When bringing liquid to a boil, covering the pot will help speed heating because the lid will trap heat within the pot. It will also prevent moisture loss. Sometimes, when making sauces, for example, boiling is used to hasten evaporation so that the sauce thickens and its flavor becomes more concentrated. In these cases, the pot is left uncovered.
Simmering usually starts with boiling—that is, the liquid is first brought up to a

########
Rank: 27
Score: 22.798452
Retrieved Text: And none of the major brands come close to real.
Smoke point is too low to cook with and once you get good stuff you won't want to waste it.
I agree with this sentiment completely. The type of fat rarely contributes to the flavor more than the method of cooking. I've had excellent duck confit that was cooked in frying oil instead of duck fat. I think it's silly to use expensive oils for everything.
It is, I am sure it is good but there are top quality oils available for a more reasonable price.
We picked up olive oil in Italy last year and it's much higher quality than what can be bought in the US. We can re-order from the owner at anytime - but it takes a few weeks to arrive.
No link. We have the personal email addresses from our visit to the family winery. All the places we visited are small family run operations we no website.
Pretty sure this thread was started by a bot, but I didn't see anybody note the correct reason not to salt water until it is boiling - salt in cold water can cause pitting in your pan.
I have been putting salt in water before it boils for decades and have never had a pan pit.
I read that its only undissolved salt crystals that may cause pits, so you just give the salt a few swishes to dissolve it first.
You have to add around 100 grams (quarter pound) of salt to 1 litre of water to increase its boiling point

########
Rank: 28
Score: 22.766323
Retrieved Text: Cookery is the art of preparing food for the table by dressing, or by the application of heat in some manner. A proper source of heat having been secured, the next step is to apply it to the food in some manner. The principal methods commonly employed are roasting, broiling, baking, boiling, stewing, simmering, steaming, and frying.
Roasting is cooking food in its own juices before an open fire. Broiling, or grilling, is cooking by radiant heat. This method is only adapted to thin pieces of food with a considerable amount of surface. Larger and more compact foods should be roasted or baked. Roasting and broiling are allied in principle. In both, the work is chiefly done by the radiation of heat directly upon the surface of the food, although some heat is communicated by the hot air surrounding the food. The intense heat applied to the food soon sears its outer surfaces, and thus prevents the escape of its juices. If care be taken frequently to turn the food so that its entire surface will be thus acted upon, the interior of the mass is cooked by its own juices.
Baking is the cooking of food by dry heat in a closed oven. Only foods containing a considerable degree of moisture are adapted for cooking by this method. The hot, dry air which fills the oven is always thirsting for moisture, and will take from every moist substance to which it has access a quantity of water proportionate to its degree of heat. Foods containing but a

########
Rank: 29
Score: 22.757517
Retrieved Text: A friend of mine cooks pasta in a modified electric water boiler which has been modified to keep going even after the water placed in it boils.
What are some advantages and disadvantages of this method over placing the boiled water in a pot and cooking it there over a gas stove?
You can make pasta in your water boiler.
Waste of energy, a water boiler is on or off, it will expend full energy keeping the water boiling.
Incredibly dangerous, a big fire hazard. Because it's modified to ignore the internal temperature sensor it will keep heating and heating even if all the water is vaporized. Once this is the case, it will start getting so hot it will melt the boiler and the metal of the heating element at which point your stovetop may catch fire.
if it doesn't have a temperature control, it will spill over - and you can't just "turn the heat down"
It depends on the nature of your electric water boiler. I assume you are using a kettle-like device, but I may be wrong. If this is the case, then your pasta will be sitting atop and within the metal coils. You risk burning and deforming the pasta with this approach.
If you're in a bind and don't have access to a stove, I would recommend boiling water in the kettle, pouring it into a pot with the pasta, and replacing with the water with newly boiled water as it cools.
This is an important issue that's gotten overshadowed by the safety issue. While the energy waste

================



======= Instance Index 26 =========
Input Text: When vapor condenses overnight it often ends up on

Which is the correct answer?
- bees
- clothing
- rosebuds
- people

Target Text: rosebuds

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 30.47043
Retrieved Text: This is the Alchemist Tower 2 inch. The Copper Reflux still tower. It is 2 inches in diameter. Made in the USA from PURE Copper. We have manuals and videos on youtube about this. It can be both a reflux still or pot still. Handmade with care.
Made in the USA. Will also fit on any of your 2″ opening boilers. Let me know what connection you need. I can make it fit any size, or sell you a connector.
Sold just the tower alone! For shipping please select from drop down menu USA or INTERNATIONAL below.
It uses pure copper mesh packing material. Comes with mesh inside.
This ADJUSTABLE REFLUX distillation tower WILL PRODUCE ANYTHING FROM DISTILLED WATER TO ESSENTIAL OILS, MEDICAL ALCOHOL AND UP TO 95% ETHANOL.
THE ALCHEMIST MOONSHINE STILL CONSISTS OF ALL COPPER, TWO INCHES IN DIMENSIONS.WITHOUT THE EXTENSION, ITS LENGTH IS 28 INCHES.
ALL THE FITTINGS ARE BRASS FLAIR FITTINGS. IT COMES WITH ONE THERMOMETER.
The alchemist distillation tower pure copper mesh has an excellent surface to volume ratio, it is even better than 3/16ths raschig rings. The alchemist distillation tower comes with four rolls of copper; the alchemist with the extension comes with 12 rolls of copper. The reason copper has been used for distilling, is because it removes the impurities from raw materials, etc wine, sugar mash, corn and so on.
The condenser is the heart of the still. It’s a double helix copper coil, ten inches in length, all vapors that form during the boiling of the wash condenses against the cooling coils and turns into

########
Rank: 1
Score: 29.924238
Retrieved Text: Through tank or heat exchange surface modifications, condensing water heaters extract more sensible heat from the combustion gas, lowering the temperature enough to cause moisture to condense out of the combustion gases, thus capturing a significant portion of the latent heat energy.
This is because the dew point of flue gas is about 140 degrees F for natural gas, so in systems where the return water temperature is higher than 140 degrees F, conditions are too warm to allow the flue gas to condense.
Is a high-efficiency boiler right for your facility?
When warm water vapor in the air comes into contact with cool surfaces like glass lenses and windows, the moist air often condenses into liquid droplets on the surface.
In recycling architectural fragments, Pernice condenses the grimy reality of mass transit into forms that quote its structures.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 29.4659
Retrieved Text: Home » Science Notes Posts » How Stuff Works » Why Do You See Your Breath When It’s Cold?
When it’s cold outside, you can see your breath because water vapor condenses into fog.
If you’re outside on a cold winter day or even if you breathe into the freezer, sometimes you can see your breath. Yet, sometimes it’s not all that chilly and see you puffs of vapor, while other times it’s downright frigid and you don’t see anything at all. What’s going on?
Exhaled air contains a lot of water. When you breathe into cold air, the water vapor condenses to form tiny water droplets and ice particles. Basically you look like a fire-breathing dragon because the outside air can’t absorb the extra humidity.
You can feel there is a lot of water in exhaled air if you breathe into your hand a few times. The surface of your skin will get slick with moisture. When it’s cold outside, air can’t hold very much moisture. This is why 100% humidity in the winter feels dry, yet 100% humidity in the summer feels like you’re practically soaking in water.
When you exhale into saturated cold air, the extra water from your lungs can’t be absorbed by the surrounding air, so it condenses into tiny water droplets or ice particles (depending on the temperature), forming a cloud you can see.
Even if it’s cold, if the air is dry, you may not be able to see your breath. You may be able to predict whether or not you can see a cloud

########
Rank: 3
Score: 27.50988
Retrieved Text: Cumulus clouds are a genus-type of low-level cloud that can have noticeable vertical development and clearly defined edges. Cumulo- means "heap" or "pile" in Latin. They are often described as "puffy" or "cotton-like" in appearance, and generally have flat bases. Cumulus clouds, being low-stage clouds, are generally less than 2,000 metres (6,600 ft) in altitude unless they are the more vertical cumulus congestus form. Cumulus clouds may appear by themselves, in lines, or in clusters.
Cumulus Clouds of May. Photo copyright by CGC.
Cumulus clouds are often precursors of other types of cloud, such as cumulonimbus, when influenced by weather factors such as instability, moisture, and temperature gradient. Normally, cumulus clouds produce little or no precipitation, but they can grow into the precipitation-bearing congestus or cumulonimbus clouds. Cumulus clouds can be formed from water vapor, supercooled water droplets, or ice crystals, depending upon the ambient temperature. They come in many distinct subforms, and generally cool the earth by reflecting the incoming solar radiation. Cumulus clouds are part of the larger category of free-convective cumuliform clouds, which includecumulonimbus clouds. The latter genus-type is sometimes categorized separately as cumulonimbiform due to its more complex structure that often includes a cirriform or anvil top. There are also cumuliform clouds of limited convection that comprise stratocumulus clouds (low-étage), altocumulus clouds (middle-étage) and cirrocumulus clouds (high-étage).
Cumulus clouds form via atmospheric convection as air warmed by the surface begins to rise. As the air rises, the temperature drops (following the lapse rate), causing the relative humidity (RH) to rise. If convection reaches a certain

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.128693
Retrieved Text: Evaporation coils made of tungsten, molybdenum and tantalum.
Thermal evaporation (resistance evaporation) is a coating method used as part of the PVD process (Physical Vapor Deposition). The material that is to form the subsequent layer is heated in a vacuum chamber until it evaporates. The vapor formed by the material condenses on the substrate and forms the required layer.
Our evaporation coils know how to turn up the heat: These resistance heaters with their very high melting points will bring practically any metal to the boil. At the same time, their high corrosion resistance and outstanding material purity prevent any contamination of the substrate.
The item numbers of our evaporation coils. Crack the code.
Our delivery program at a glance.
We are happy to supply your customized evaporation coil.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.10008
Retrieved Text: O—results in differentiation of the isotopes in the Earth’s atmosphere and hydrosphere.
Thus, high concentrations of heavy oxygen in the ocean tell scientists that light oxygen was trapped in the ice sheets.Water molecules containing light oxygen evaporate slightly more readily than water molecules containing a heavy oxygen atom.At the same time, water vapor molecules containing the heavy variety of oxygen condense more readily.During ice ages, cooler temperatures extend toward the equator, so the water vapor containing heavy oxygen rains out of the atmosphere at even lower latitudes than it does under milder conditions.The water vapor containing light oxygen moves toward the poles, eventually condenses, and falls onto the ice sheets where it stays.
And because we love being in everyone’s business when it comes to their love lives, we’re back with even more entertaining evaluations of Hollywood love affairs, but this time, taking a look at our favorite black female celebrities that date, dump, marry, mess with and love them some white men.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.979347
Retrieved Text: Some homeowners are perplexed when they find moisture or condensation forming on branded windows that cost thousands of dollars to purchase and install. While most homeowners blame the material on their windows, the real underlying cause could be more complicated than one might think.
Condensation occurs when water vapor in the air changes from gas to liquid and settles on various surfaces inside the home. When the temperature of a particular surface is the same or lower than the dew point of the surrounding air, condensation forms. The dew point refers to the temperature at which water vapor condenses and it depends on the relative humidity of the area.
The higher the relative humidity, the closer the dew point comes to the temperature of the air. A cold surface can have a temperature lower than the dew point and would easily form condensation once it contacts humid air. Windows are definitely cold during winter and a humid indoor air can easily cause condensation on the cold surface.
Better home building methods have resulted in leak-free homes that prevent outside air from coming inside. As warm air builds up inside the home, so does the relative humidity. People breathing, as well as other activities involving water or moisture can result to more water vapor accumulation. Old homes have leaks that allow cold air to come inside and lower the indoor humidity.
The following are practical steps to control or minimize condensation inside your home.
Monitor water vapor accumulation inside your home. Purchase a hygrometer, which can measure relative humidity.
Turn on exhaust fans

########
Rank: 7
Score: 26.77941
Retrieved Text: The gulf coast of Texas is no stranger to muggy, sticky weather from immense levels of humidity. Airborne water vapor makes the air heavy, stuffy, difficult to breathe, and makes it seem like there’s seemingly no relief anywhere to be found. However, if you’re dealing with this same battle in your own home, you could also be facing problems such as wood rot, ruined flooring, mold growth, and much more. An over-abundance of humidity in your home also leaves you feeling uncomfortable around the clock.
However, arguably the greatest weapon you have against in-home humidity is one you may be overlooking: your air conditioner. Air conditioners naturally remove humidity from the air, leaving your home cool, dry, and refreshing while providing you with the relief you need from the sticky outside air.
Have you ever left a glass of cool ice water sitting on the counter for about five minutes or so? When you’ve come back, you may or may not have been surprised to see that the outer surface of the glass is almost as wet as the inside surface that’s holding the water in! This is a common example of the effect known as “condensation,” which is an important principle for how your air conditioner works.
Water is commonly found in three states: solid, liquid, and gas. Solid water, known as ice, melts when it gets to a certain temperature, becoming liquid water. When liquid water absorbs enough energy, it turns into gas form, known as water vapor, which is found in the air all around us.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 26.736685
Retrieved Text: That led me to remember the Joni Mitchell song off the album Clouds called “Both Sides, Now.” As recounted in Rolling Stone magazine, when Joni Mitchell read Saul Bellow‘s Henderson the Rain King, Henderson, like Mitchell, was looking at clouds from a plane. Her lyric: “I’ve looked at clouds from both sides now,” was a symbol of the ambiguities and mysteries of life.
Getting back to our premise for this entry, do clouds float or hover? By float, I mean like a rubber duck in a bath tub. By hover, I mean something like what a helicopter does (but possibly in reverse like an umbrella blowing away). Turns out it’s a little of both. Wikipedia has very detailed articles on water vapor and clouds that I hope to summarize below.
It turns out that water vapor is less dense than dry air. At the same temperature, water vapor floats in dry air like a rubber duck in water. The article on water vapor crunches the numbers. But it’s even better. Since both are gases, a volume of moisture laden air will rise or be buoyant if placed in a larger volume of dry air.
As the temperature rises, the proportion of water vapor in the air increases and its buoyancy will increase along with the added vapor. In air without particulates, water vapor density can reach 300% before condensation occurs under normal conditions (a principle used in cloud chambers).
The increase in buoyancy gives rise to strong, moisture rich, upward air currents when the air and sea temperatures reach 25

########
Rank: 9
Score: 26.692883
Retrieved Text: The ceramic coating found inside of the Plasma Spray-Physical Vapor Deposition (PS-PVD) at NASA's Glenn Research Center is made when ceramic powder meets plasma flame. The flame vaporizes the powder, as seen in the photograph above, and then condenses it.
The device seen here is the best of the best: NASA's PS-PVD can make super thin ceramic coatings that are used in high efficiency engines. "The PS-PVD rig uses a system of vacuum pumps and a blower to remove air from the chamber, reducing the pressure inside to a fraction of normal atmospheric pressure," NASA explained. "The plasma flame is extremely hot and reaches 10,000 degrees Celsius. Ceramic powder is introduced from the torch into the plasma flame. The plasma vaporizes the ceramic powder, which then condenses 5 feet away from the torch onto the component to form the ceramic coating."
The PS-PVD device at NASA's Glenn Research Center is one of only two such facilities anywhere in the country.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 26.549892
Retrieved Text: Cold weather: Most modern cold-weather goggles have two layers of lens to prevent the interior from becoming “foggy”. With only a single lens, the interior water vapor condenses onto the lens because the lens is colder than the vapor, although anti-fog agents can be used. The reasoning behind dual layer lens is that the inner lens will be warm while the outer lens will be cold. As long as the temperature of the inner lens is close to that of the interior water vapor, the vapor should not condense. However, if water vapor gets between the layers of the lens, condensation can occur between the lenses and is almost impossible to get rid of; thus, properly constructed and maintained dual-layer lenses should be air-tight to prevent water vapor from getting in between the lenses.
Power tools: Must be made of an unbreakable material that prevents chunks of metal, wood, plastic, concrete, and so on from hitting or piercing the eye. Usually has some sort of ventilation to prevent sweat from building up inside the goggles and fogging the surface.
Winter sports: Protect the eyes from glare and from icy particles flying up from the ground. Double lens anti-fog ski goggles were invented and patented by Robert Earl “Bob” Smith.
Basketball: Several NBA players have worn goggles during play, including Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, James Worthy, Horace Grant, Kurt Rambis and Amar’e Stoudemire; they prevent a fellow player from scratching or hitting the eyes when trying to grab the basketball. In most circumstances, a player starts wearing protective goggles to prevent further

########
Rank: 11
Score: 26.463234
Retrieved Text: What Are Cumulus Clouds Made Up Of?
Cirrostratus clouds start as feathery mares' tails that may grow and layer into thin sheet-like clouds. Besides foretelling a possible change in the weather, cirrostratus clouds may reflect the light from the sun or moon, creating colorful and sometimes eerie effects. These fascinating clouds occur high in the troposphere, where water molecules freeze into ice crystals.
Clouds are defined by elevation, shape and texture. Cloud elevations are identified as high-level cirrus (above 20,000 feet), mid-level alto (between 6,500 and 20,000) and low-level (below 6,500) clouds. The shape or texture of clouds are stratus (sheets or layers) and cumulus (heap). Nimbus, another meteorological term, means rain cloud. Combining these terms identifies different types and elevations of clouds. Cirrus clouds are high clouds. Cirrostratus literally means high (cirro-, from cirrus) sheet-like or layered (stratus) clouds.
Cirrus clouds form the so-called mares' tails clouds high in the atmosphere. These feathery, delicate-looking clouds appear above other cloud formations. As more moisture condenses and freezes, the cirrus feathers may begin to coalesce into thicker clouds. Cirrostratus occur when the mares' tails grow and overlap to become a sheet of high, thin clouds. Cirrostratus clouds remain thin enough for sunlight to shine through and shadows to be seen. If the clouds thicken more, their heavier mass causes them to move down in the atmosphere to become altostratus.
Most clouds occur when water vapor, the gaseous form of water, condenses in sufficient quantities to be seen. Clouds, except for some thunderstorms, occur in the troposphere, the lowest layer of the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 26.414194
Retrieved Text: If you have a central air conditioning system or a newer high-efficiency heating system you may have noticed a little box sitting on the floor near the system. The little box usually has one or two plastic pipes going into it and a clear plastic tube that leads to a laundry sink or washing machine drain. If you’ve observed this little tank, then you’ve found what’s known as a condensate pump.
In the summer months as warm moist air is forced across the evaporator coil by the fan inside your air handler, the moisture in the air condenses and drips into a collection pan. From there it often drains into a conde nsate pump where it is transferred to the outdoors or waste plumbing. Collecting and removing the condensate is pretty straightforward for central air conditioning systems.
When it comes to disposing of the condensate for heating systems it gets a bit more complicated. With older boilers and furnaces the moisture and combustion gases produced by burning either fuel oil or natural gas go right up the chimney. Newer high-efficiency boilers and furnaces are frequently referred to as “condensing” because they condense or extract the water vapor out of the flue gases before venting to the outdoors. In this case, condensed water vapor needs to be treated before the condensate pump sends it on its way out of the house.
Water vapor that forms from burning natural gas is very acidic. Acidic condensate resulting from this water vapor is destructive to the flue liner of your chimney with low

########
Rank: 13
Score: 26.112982
Retrieved Text: What is it and How is the fog formed | Types of fog? How does fog occur?
Fog, also known as the mist is a meteorological phenomenon that consists of the formation of very low clouds, in contact with the ground or at low altitude.
These clouds are formed by innumerable drops of water so tiny that they can remain in suspension. Fog is formed by evaporation of moisture from the soil.
The fog deals with the condensation of the humidity of the air but still in suspension, in the form of drops of water.
This causes the rise of moist air, which, upon coming in contact with cold air currents, condenses it, resulting in the appearance of these low clouds.
For this reason, the fog produces a considerable sensation of cold and humidity and sometimes gets wet.
It is another of the phenomena produced by the condensation of atmospheric water vapor. In fact, it is a cloud so low it touches the ground.
Both the fog and the cloud consist of a set of droplets scattered in the air. The differences between the two formations are the altitude at which each originates, and that the clouds contain ice crystals.
The fog, therefore, is constituted by droplets of water so microscopic that they float in the air, reducing the visibility so much more together they are thicker is the same.
The fog is formed by cooling the air that is in contact with the earth or the sea.
Like clouds, a mass of warm, moist air is cooled to reach the dew point, ie at the

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.871656
Retrieved Text: Compressed air water vapor content is determined by the temperature of the compressed air: keep unchanged compressed air pressure condition, reduce the temperature of the compressed air can reduce the water vapor content, and the excess water vapor condenses into liquid. Fluid Bed Dryer uses this principle to freeze compressed air by refrigeration. Therefore, the chiller has a refrigeration system. Its refrigeration system belongs to a compression refrigeration system, consisting of four basic components, such as a refrigeration compressor, a condenser, an evaporator, an expansion valve and so on. They are connected together by pipes to form a closed system in which the refrigerant continues to circulate in the system, changing states and exchanging heat with compressed air and cooling medium.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.745916
Retrieved Text: When you want to purchase a new Carrier HVAC system, you should know the terms that you are likely to come across at a contractor’s shop. Educating yourself on the meaning of the terms can be beneficial and will help you know what to expect from a system you are purchasing. It is advisable to ask for recommendations from an experienced HVAC contractor on the best system to go for. You should also buy your unit from a Carrier factory authorized dealer in your area.
The refrigerant: This is a liquid substance that circulates through the AC. It absorbs and releases heat as required based on how the air conditioner has been set.
The coil and evaporator: These two AC components work together to enable refrigerant flow in the air conditioner and release heat. The coil may have fins to increase its surface area and thus release more heat within a short time. In the evaporator, the refrigerant absorbs heat from the surroundings and turns to a low-temperature vapor.
The compressor and condenser: These component work hand in hand to compress and condense the refrigerant respectively as it circulates in the system. When the refrigerant is compressed, its temperature increases and turns it to vapor. On the other hand, when it condenses, it liquefies and gives off heat to the surroundings.
The expansion device: This device causes the AC temperature to drop by releasing the pressure that the compressor creates. When the pressure is released, the refrigerant turns from vapor to a vapor-liquid mixture form.
The plenum: This is an air

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.7018
Retrieved Text: Home » Tell Me Why Numerous Questions and Answers » When and Where Does Frost Form?
When and Where Does Frost Form?
Frost comes from the atmosphere when the temperature falls below freezing, and invisible water vapor in the air turns into white ice crystals, without first becoming a liquid. It usually occurs when the skies are clear, when there is no wind and when a mass of cold air descends on the land. This often happens during the night in the spring and autumn of areas with temperate climates.
In the morning the fields and roofs are white with what would be dew if the temperature had been above freezing point. It is the most common type of frost and is often called hoar frost. Sometimes only the leaves of plants are fringed with white rime. This is formed when very small droplets of the moisture from fog have frozen on coming into contact with a cold object.
There is also black frost. This occurs when water vapor turns first into liquid and then freezes into a thin layer of ice instead of white crystals. As it is invisible, it is particularly dangerous when it forms on roads. The beautiful patterns, looking like trees, ferns or feathers, which are sometimes seen on windows, are made when the water vapor in a cold room condenses.
If a solid surface is chilled below the dew point of the surrounding humid air and the surface itself is colder than freezing, ice will form on it. If the water deposits as a liquid that

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.61255
Retrieved Text: Unknown manufacturer. • Fabricant inconnu. • Hersteller unbekannt.
Evaporation of tungsten produces blackening of the bulb, which gradually reduces the light from the lamp during its life. To overcome this problem, a metal gauze screen is mounted above the filament and acts as a collector of the tungsten vapor, on which it condenses instead of on the bulb. Therefore, this particular bulb must burn in horizontal position, with the metal screen at the top.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.440361
Retrieved Text: Air is said to be humid when it contains a lot of water vapor. Warm air can hold more moisture. When the air can no longer hold the moisture, the humidity is said to be 100 percent. During this stage, the water vapor condenses and brings fog and rains.
Humidity creates an uncomfortableenvironment for the human beings. Sweat doesnot easily evaporate when humidity is high.
Low humidity is comfortable for us but not forplants.
The amount of water vapor in the air ismeasured by an instrument called hygrometer.
Where humidity is very high, rainfall is heavy. This creates ideal conditions for plants to grow.
A twisted hair inside the house stretches when it is wet and shrinks when it is dry. As it stretches and shrinks, it turns a turntable.
Human body sweats in extreme humid conditions. We tend to loose the essential body fluid, when its extremely hot too.
If the Sun were surrounded by a shell of ice about 1 mile thick, the heat generated by the Sun would melt all the ice in just two hours.
In the regions which are near the North and South Pole, the sun either does not set for several months during the summers or it never rises during the winters.
The coldest temperature ever recorded was taken at Vostock Station, Antarctica, in July 1983. Itwas-89°C.
The last Ice Age was greatest about 18,000 years ago. Ice stretched from the North Poles as far South as The Great Lakes in North America and over most of Britain and Scandinavia.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.39908
Retrieved Text: Kayzer Y.F., Gorbunova L.N., Lysyannikov A.V.
When storing and pumping fuel in warehouses there is an urgent problem of reducing fuel losses caused by evaporation due to «large and small breaths» of the tank. As a result of these «breaths», low pressure in the reservoir («breath») leads to filling the tank vapor space with atmospheric air. The tank contains a significant amount of water vapor, which then condenses to accumulate and remain in the fuel, significantly degrading its properties. The system has been developed to reduce fuel loss caused by evaporation. It will provide reducing environment pollution and economic losses of enterprises, as well as keeping up quantitative fuel composition. The system will help increase fire safety and nonexplosiveness of fuel and lubricant stock. A specially designed drying agent is a cylindrical vessel filled with an adsorbent. The analysis results let us use silica gel for absorption of water vapor thanks to its advantages (low regeneration temperature, low production costs, high mechanical strength against abrasion and crushing, etc.). The recommendations have been given to find out the adsorbent life depending on ambient temperature and absolute air moisture content. It can be determined by the air amount entering the reservoir as a result of «big breaths».
Keywords: reservoir, vent valve, fuel and lubricating materials, silica gel.
Arbuzova F.F. Loss control of oil and petroleum products during transportation and storage. − Moscow: Nedra, 1981.
Kayzer Y.F. Storage of aviation fuels // Processing of Eastern Donbas Prospects. Part 1. − Novocherkassk SRSTU, 2010. − P. 225-228.
Keltsev N.V. Fundamentals of adsorption technology: 2nd ed.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 25.374866
Retrieved Text: Air is mostly gas, but it also holds lots of tiny particles. These particles, like dust and pollen, are called aerosols and are picked up when the wind blows. But the air can also carry soot, smoke, and other particles from car exhaust and power plants. These are major contributors to air pollution.
People, other animals, plants…they all need to breathe! Respiration consists in taking in oxygen from the air and expelling carbon dioxide (or the opposite in the case of plants!). Through this process all animals and plants get the energy they need to grow and live life!
There’s life on…air! We aspect to see living organisms in soil or in water, but they can also be found hanging out in the air. These are called bio-aerosols and are microbial organisms that can travel through the air, via breeze or just a sneeze!
Air helps water move between its states (solid, liquid, gaseous) in a process called the water cycle.
When heated by the sun, water evaporates into the air and becomes water vapor. As temperatures drop, water vapor condenses, forming clouds. Clouds return water to the ground in the form of rain, sleet or snow and they move, transporting water far from where it originated.
As light as air…that is not always the case! Actually, air pressure pushes down on Earth’s surface.
At the sea level, air pressure is quite high…you can feel the whole atmosphere pushing down. On the other side, up on the mountains the air pressure is low because there is less atmosphere pushing down on you.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 25.163935
Retrieved Text: Copper Essential Oil Distiller with Hinged Column 10 Gallon 40 Liter for easy processing. Due to the way we design this beautifully handcrafted copper essential oil distiller, it’s ideal for the steam extraction process.
To start, put water in the boiler below and plant material in the extended column. Next, you heat the water to produce steam vapor that travels up through the plant material extracting essential oils. After that, the condenser condenses the vapor back into liquid hydrosol. The hydrosol is an oil water mixture. A copper perforated plate in the bottom of the extended column holds the plant material above the water. The hinged extended column allows for easily dumping the spent plant material. The extended column can be taken out and the onion head place directly on top of the boiler to create the traditional copper alembic still. At Mile Hi Distilling, we are passionate about the distilling equipment and parts that we supply. We take the extra time and effort to manufacture the best quality distillers, so that you can focus on creating the best spirits.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 25.086935
Retrieved Text: A refrigerant is a chemical substance that is found in an air conditioner, a refrigerator, and in other refrigeration equipment. Refrigerants are chosen for the ease of converting them from liquid to vapor or vice versa, depending on their temperature and pressure. Most refrigerants in their liquid state will evaporate very fast if at atmospheric pressure.
In refrigeration equipment, a refrigerant vapor is compressed by a compressor. Compression makes it hot. It enters a condenser, where it condenses into a liquid. The refrigerant then passes through a part called a metering device, or an expansion device (there are several types of this part) where the pressure is reduced to a point where the liquid begins to boil. At this point, the refrigerant is very cold and it enters an evaporator, where it absorbs heat from the air passing over it. By the time the refrigerant leaves the evaporator, it is all a vapor again, and it goes back to the compressor where the cycle begins again. This is called the refrigeration cycle. This is one example of the use of a refrigerant, as in a residential air conditioning system.
This page was last changed on 24 April 2018, at 19:29.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 24.959309
Retrieved Text: This is can reusable when it gets too full of oil you have to empty it then reinstall.
EVIL ENERGY is our brand,we're a direct and professional manufaturer in China,one of greatest manufacturer and exporter in Tuning parts include intake system,exhaust system,engine system,cooling system,interior&exterior parts. Accept customized order with minimum quantity.
The oil mist and other byproducts precipitate in the engine's intake, forming a sticky substance over time.The oil recovery tank collects the oil mist, condenses the fuel vapor,at the same time allow cleaner gas to return to the inlet.
Make with High Quality T-6061 Light-Weight Aluminum.
Please check the size before you purchase!
Professional Installer is Highly Recommended !!!!!
Read the detail descriptions Below before purchase !!!!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 24.897915
Retrieved Text: If you get the feeling that heavy downpours are more intense than they used to be, you’re not imagining it. According to the National Climate Assessment, the most extreme precipitation events (those in the 99th percentile of intensity) have increased in every region of the contiguous states since the 1950s. As the map above shows, the rise in intensity has been greatest in the Northeast and least in the Southwest — and in all cases, climate scientists believe, the reason is simple: in a world warmed by heat-trapping greenhouse gases, there’s more evaporation, and the atmosphere can hold on to more water. And when that water vapor condenses as rain or snow, there’s more of it.
Note: This graphic was updated to include the new data released in the final National Climate Assessment. The previous graphic was based on the draft data.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.718376
Retrieved Text: Just add water to create your own snow.
The formation of even a single snowflake is a complex event at the molecular level. In nature, it begins when a cloud’s water vapor condenses into water droplets. Even at temperatures below freezing, though, most of these droplets typically stay in liquid form, because they need a particle upon which to freeze: either a dust particle or a few water molecules that have arranged themselves into the hexagonal matrix that characterizes ice.
Once droplets begin crystallizing on a central particle, though, the process accelerates rapidly. With a crystal nucleus in place, the supercooled water molecules in the surrounding water droplets readily condense on the crystal, adding to its growth in a geometrically regular way. By the time the large crystal (which we call a snowflake) has left the cloud, Libbrecht estimates that it will have abosrbed the water from about 100,000 nearby droplets.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 24.658829
Retrieved Text: There’s something magical about being able to control the weather, especially if there’s a way to improve it. Personally, I’d like to have some sort of device in my backyard so I can make sure that it won’t rain when I barbecue in the summer. While that might not be something you can buy today, it is feasible to tweak weather conditions in small areas.
Media artist Karolina Sobecka developed a machine for weather modification, after she was inspired by the idea of artificially generated climate change. The Cloud Machine is made up of gear that’s sent up into the atmosphere, attached to a weather balloon. Once it reaches the right altitude, it disperses ‘cloud condensation nuclei (CCN), heat, and water vapor. Moisture in the air condenses into fog droplets around the CCN, creating small clouds.
The goal of this was to create brighter, more reflective clouds that will better shield the Earth’s surface from the Sun’s radiation, partially counteracting global warming in the immediate vicinity. While I’m not sure about the science behind that concept, it’s still cool that you can make your own weather.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.653032
Retrieved Text: Weather is the state of the atmosphere in a minute-to-minute or day-to-day sense. Is it hot or cold? Wet or dry? Cloudy or clear? Climate is the trend of weather patterns over a long period of time. Arizona is a sunny place because we can look back at day by day weather data and see that trend. Weather can change in an instant, but climate takes years.
Weather is composed of three major physical properties. They are temperature, moisture content, and air pressure. Changes in these three properties are responsible for all of the weather you experience.
Temperature is the measurement of heat energy. When something has a lot of heat energy,it will feel hot and measure at a higher number. When something doesn't have a lot of heat energy, it will feel cold and measure at a smaller number. Temperature is also related to motion. All molecules vibrate, but molecules with more heat energy will vibrate faster, which is what we are measuring when we measure temperature.
The most common units used to measure temperature are Celsius, Fahrenheit, and Kelvin. Although they all measure the same thing, they each represent different scales. The Celsius scale is based around the temperature of water. 0 degrees Celsius is the freezing point of liquid water, while 100 degrees Celsius is the boiling point. The origins of the Fahrenheit scale are still argued about today. Typically, the story goes that 0 degrees Fahrenheit was the temperature of a solution of ice, water, and salt, while 96 degrees was the temperature of the

########
Rank: 28
Score: 24.52147
Retrieved Text: Driving out of Pleasant Canyon in the Panamint Mountains of California, I saw this eye-catching, lenticular cloud formation, just east of the Argus Range. These mid-level clouds form when water vapor present in an atmospheric wave condenses as it's forced upward, in the crest of the wave, forming lens-shaped clouds. However, air moving on the downside of the wave (trough) is warmed adiabatically, preventing clouds from forming. Look for these wave clouds on the lee side of elevated terrain. This particular lenticular cloud reminds me of the starship Enterprise from "Star Trek." Photo taken on September 30, 2018.
Photo Details: Camera: Canon PowerShot G1 X; Software: Adobe Photoshop CS6 (Macintosh); Exposure Time: 0.0025s (1/400); Aperture: ƒ/8.0; ISO equivalent: 100; Focal Length: 15.1mm.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 24.385647
Retrieved Text: What causes the formation of fog, and what makes it go away again?
Heathrow airport is fog bound and 350 flights have been cancelled today. But why have we suddenly got problems with fog, where did it come from, and what makes it go away again?
Re: What causes the formation of fog, and what makes it go away again?
I cannot believe this hasn't been answered you! It is so easy. When the teperature of the air drops to the dewpoint dew, then fog starts forming. Probably a front or an upper-level wind has blow a lot of water vapor into the London area, scrweing up your flight schedule.
The two things will clear it up are a drop in atmospheric water vapor or a rise in temperature. The last is why a fog "burns off."
We all know it's really Fog Fairies !!
No, it is Phineas Phogg who causes the mayhem or mayher.
Thanks Jim, but your reply doesn't really answer the question. Instead it merely restates the issue in terms of the "dew point". What is going on at the "dew point", and what defines it?
The dew point is defined as the temperature at which the water vapor (water in a gaseous state) in the air condenses into a solid, the pressure being constant.
All of this has to do with the atmosphere and nothing messes with mother nature.
Just moving some old posts, and came accross this.
Fog, do you know that there is more than one type of fog?
This occurs when warm moist air is carried over a surface which

================



======= Instance Index 27 =========
Input Text: Which is a good source of nutrients for a mushroom?

Which is the correct answer?
- a trotting horse
- a roaring lion
- a cut peony
- a flying eagle

Target Text: a cut peony

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 30.32809
Retrieved Text: Mushroom compost is a viable and useful by-product of mushroom farming. This growth medium is a mixture of agricultural materials, such as straw from horse stables, hay, poultry litter, ground corn cobs, cottonseed hulls, cocoa shells, peat moss, and other natural organic substances.
In general, a good organic compost, if used properly can improve plant growth in poor or marginal soils. This is because compost amended into those soils will improve the structure of clay soils, reduce surface crusting and compaction and therefore improve drainage, increase beneficial soil microbial activity, and provide nutrients to plants which can reduce the need for fertilizer. Overall, compost can be very beneficial to the soil, and mushroom compost is no exception.
The visual appearance of a good quality, thoroughly processed mushroom compost typically resembles dark topsoil, has a loose friable structure, and has an aroma.
Mushroom compost is a rich source of organic matter and manures.
Please note product may not be suitable for all gardens, contact us before ordering.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 29.048027
Retrieved Text: White button mushrooms are the most popular of all varieties of mushrooms. White buttons are packed with nutrients including digestive enzymes and many of the B vitamins essential to good health. White buttons have also been shown in studies to contain a cancer-fighting substance called conjugated linoleic acid or CLA.
Shiitake mushrooms have many health benefits along with an enjoyable smoky flavor. Shiitakes support the immune system and protect heart health. Shiitakes are also a good source of iron.
Reishi mushrooms support the body's immune system and have been shown to be helpful in fighting cancer. Reishi mushroom studies have shown that they can slow down the growth of tumors. These mushrooms can also protect the body against stroke and heart disease.
The Japanese maitake mushroom, also called, "hen of the woods", has several health benefits. Maitakes have anticancer and antiviral properties. Maitake mushrooms also help to control blood sugar levels and high blood pressure.
Oyster mushrooms boost the immune system. Eaten raw or cooked, oyster mushrooms have antioxidant properties that protect cells. Studies have also shown that they have significant anti-bacterial activity.
Chanterelle mushrooms, which grow all over the world, are a great source of protein. Chanterelles provide many essential B vitamins. These mushrooms are also a good source of dietary fiber, potassium, zinc, and copper.
Porcini mushrooms are usually sold dried instead of in their natural state, so they will need to be soaked in hot water before they can be used. Porcini mushrooms are low in calories and are a great source of fiber. They are also very high

########
Rank: 2
Score: 28.41775
Retrieved Text: Top quality soils and soil enhancers at competitive prices. Gardenscape has potting soils, topsoil, Michigan peat, and mushroom compost. Gardenscape soils and soil enhancers are screened and must pass stringent checkpoints prior to packaging.
Top Soil – Our topsoil is a mixture of soil, composted cow manure, sand and other ingredients. Used as a top dressing, and patching lawns with bare spots. Our topsoil is ideal for filling holes and leveling low areas. Can be used as a soil replacement to build landscape beds and gardens. Comes in 40# bags.
Peat Humus - Fully decomposed forest fibers, made from organic plant and soil matter, loosens heavy soils and improves moisture extension. Comes in 40# bags.
Michigan Peat – Michigan peat is a highly organic natural peat dug from central Michigan bogs. It is 100% soil based, and is superior to other soils because of its longer life and fibrous quality, which assists drainage. Comes in 40# bags.
Composted Cow Manure – Our composted cow manure is a natural fertilizer collected and composted. Mixed 1.1.1. compared to most of the competition mixed at .5.5.5 makes our composted cow manure an excellent source of natural fertilizer. Once composted it is bagged in 40# bags at our bagging facilities.
Potting Soil – Our potting soil is a special potting blend for indoor houseplants and outdoor planters. Gardenscape potting soil is a perfect blend of peat humus, sphagnum peat moss, vermiculite, perlite, dolomitic limestone and other composted materials. It provides fresh nutrients and assists with drainage to avoid root rot. Our potting soil spreads easily

########
Rank: 3
Score: 28.027588
Retrieved Text: The Best 8 Mushrooms & 9 Herbs Blend Supplement for Your Thyroid Health!
Do you know that mushroom is a good source of Dietary Fiber, Protein, Vitamin C, Folate, Iron, Zinc, Manganese, Vitamin D, Thiamin, Riboflavin, Niacin, Vitamin B6, Pantothenic Acid, Phosphorus, Potassium, Copper and Selenium?
In today's fast paced world, it is difficult to take a healthy meal every day. For those who want to keep their diet healthy, take this nutritional wonder that can provide important nutrients to fill in the gaps and support your healthy thyroid function naturally.
For those who are looking for High Quality Advanced Mushroom Powder or Extract along with botanical herbs such as Iodine, Schisandra, Eleuthero, Bugleweed, Bladderwrack, Ashwagandha, Guggul, Rehmannia & Rhodiola in a Capsule , Activa Naturals Mushroom Plus Thyroid Health Blend is an obvious choice.
Try Advanced Thyroid Health Mushroom Plus Supplements to support Thyroid Health, Immune System health and Promote a sense of Overall Well-being.
BUY Advanced Thyroid Health Supplement NOW at the Current Low Prices!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.647131
Retrieved Text: You are here: Home / Our Products / **TRY CHAGA NOW** / Chag-o-Charge Tea 3.2 OZ.
This is the most rare, wild drink conceivable, made from wild, remote-source chaga mushroom.
This is the most rare, wild drink conceivable, made from wild, remote-source chaga mushroom. This is a special mushroom, which grows on wild birch trees and is a kind of hard growth. It acts to heal the tree, so it is different than any other mushroom. Plus, in hot water it is delicious, especially when mixed with other potent substances such as wild white birch bark and organic purple maca. Drink this wild and organic beverage for better health. Chag-o-Charge is a potent source of natural B vitamins plus the all-important antioxidant enzyme SOD. It is also a natural source of beta glucan, minerals, and powerful plant sterols. A definite health drink like no other.
Chag-o-Charge tea is a truly unique and whole food blend. It is made from the most potent mush- room known, the wild chaga mushroom. It also contains unrefined, sun-dried, certified organic, black maca root and wild white birch bark. Chag-o-Charge is one of the most potent whole food complexes on earth, because it contains virtually every known nutrient in significant quantities. It is an excellent source of B vitamins and plant sterols as well as minerals. As the world’s top source of superoxide dismutase, the chaga mushroom has huge antioxidant capabilities, while also delivering betulin and betulinic acid. The potential benefits of the powerful nutrients in Chag-o-Charge have attracted great interest, spurring extensive research

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.113266
Retrieved Text: Mushrooms are edible fungi. The common scientific name is “Agaricus”, though there are different names for different species.
They are essentially Saprophytes, plants without chlorophyll which thrive by extracting nutrients from dead and decaying plant and animal matter. That’s why they can grow well with no soil and in dark places. They vary greatly in their appearance and properties – as we know.
Edible mushrooms are low in calories, fat and cholesterol-free. They are very low in sodium yet they provide important nutrients; selenium, potassium, riboflavin, niacin and ergo-sterol which is converted into vitamin D2 with ultraviolet exposure – a good complementary, alternative vitamin D source for vegans and a long time, traditional immune booster.
Most recently, extended trials associated a bioactive agent from edible mushrooms; ergothioneine. It is shown to effectively decrease cardio vascular inflammatory response in humans and tumor inhibiting qualities in animal trials.
The list of edible mushrooms considered safe for raw consumption is quite short.
“Buttons”, the round, white, familiar variety and many other edible mushrooms contain hydrazines, a group of chemical compounds generally considered carcinogenic and are not truly safe for raw consumption.
The composition of mushroom cell walls opposed to cellulose cell walls of plants are difficult for humans to digest. And, for the most part are not a low “Fodmap” food for those that need to follow these diet restrictions. The cooking process does help to break down the fungal cell walls rendering mushroom flesh not only more readily digestible but also releasing the significant nutritional value contained within these cells.
So for most all mushrooms

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.919403
Retrieved Text: How Many Calories In Mushrooms? Find Out Now!
How Many Calories In Mushrooms?
Calories in mushrooms depends on the mushroom. Interestingly, it appears that the calories increase by cooking mushrooms, but that is an illusion. Mushrooms tend to “cook down” and the water is removed during the process, so that a cup of cooked mushroom’s tends to contain more mushroom than a cup of raw mushrooms. The nutrients are also said to “increase” in cooked mushrooms, but that is due to the breakdown of the cell wall during cooking, the nutrients are more concentrated, so for the same volume (not weight) you get two, three, or even four times the nutrients than you would from raw mushrooms.
Here are some of the calorie counts for the more popular mushrooms, though in many cases, it was not specified if they were raw or cooked. As you can see, mushrooms are a fantastic food for weight-loss diets.
For dehydrated mushrooms, the drying process increases the nutrient concentration by decreasing the water content, as drying also breaks down the mycochitin cell walls, but the calories remain the same.
Mushrooms provide a large amount of nutrients and flavor for very few calories so are great for diabetics as well as perfect as a weight loss food. In fact, mushroom consumption has been associated with a higher diet quality and improved nutrition.
Mushrooms are a great source of protein, copper, potassium, zinc, selenium and B vitamins such as riboflavin, and niacin, enzymes and vitamin D2. They offer decent amounts of potassium, selenium, copper, and zinc, and they

########
Rank: 7
Score: 26.435255
Retrieved Text: Use mushroom growing kits to grow fresh healthy mushrooms at home.
Why grow your own mushrooms?
Growing mushrooms is fun! They’re cool to look at and kids love the daily misting that keeps mushroom kits moist. It’s exciting to watch them grow from fuzz into varied and surprising shapes, from cute button mushrooms to waterfalls of enokitake mushrooms, mini-terraces of shitakes or giant king tuber mushrooms.
Good mushroom kits are productive, supplying up to 2kg over several months. With mushroom grow kits you can produce multiple harvests of nutritious mushrooms and experiment with the textures and flavours of mushroom types that are difficult to find in the supermarket. They grow quickly, making them great gardening activities for kids.
Mushrooms pack in a lot of flavour, and different varieties offer a choice of textures and tastes. They have very little fat or calories and are high in fibre. The nutritional value of mushrooms is strong as they are an excellent source of B group vitamins, and also contain vitamin D and potassium. 100g of mushrooms provides over 50% daily requirement of niacin, which is about the same as a small lean steak.
Mushroom kits come in various types, depending on what kind of mushroom you want to grow and where you want to grow it.
It’s easy to grow mushrooms inside using basic mushroom growing kits and they’re probably the best way to start. You can watch the mushrooms growing and keep an eye on their moisture levels. These kits have been colonised by mushroom spawn and comprise boxes containing layers of compost

########
Rank: 8
Score: 26.19211
Retrieved Text: Mushrooms growing on the bark of a Jeffrey pine, following May rains.
• The study of fungi is called mycology.
• Fungi recycle plants after they die and transform them into rich soil — if not for fungi, the Earth would be buried in several feet of debris and life on the planet would soon disappear.
• Some of the oldest living mushroom colonies are fairy rings growing around the famous Stonehenge ruins in England.
• Create your own dyes by boiling wild mushrooms.
• The spores of mushrooms are made of chitin, a long-chain polymer that acts like a natural plastic.
• Under the right conditions, some mushrooms’ spores can sit dormant for decades or even a century, and still grow.
TAHOE-TRUCKEE, Calif. — Taking a walk after a good rainstorm is one of my favorite things.
Not only do the trees, the ground, the foliage and the air look and smell fresh, often, interesting things have begun to grow. For example, mushrooms have sprung up seemingly overnight.
Actually, the real work of mushroom creation takes place underground, unseen, making it seem like it has magically appeared overnight.
The mushroom is the fruit of a fungus that has become colonized in the ground, within tree bark, on fallen logs — just about anywhere that is porous enough to allow the fungus to grow.
The fungus can create an enormous colony underground or within a solid organic object.
This colony is known as mycelium. The mycelium is the vegetative part of the fungus and consists of a mass of branching, thread-like hyphae.
Through the mycelium, the fungus absorbs nutrients

########
Rank: 9
Score: 25.547592
Retrieved Text: We want to let you know that based on recent studies, the jury is still out on the reliability of crimini mushrooms as a source of vitamin B12. This area of nutritional research is controversial for three reasons: (1) vitamin B12 is not always detected in mushrooms, including crimini mushrooms; (2) when vitamin B12 is detected in mushrooms, it is usually found on the outermost portions of the mushrooms, suggesting that bacteria on the mushroom surface may have been produced the vitamin B12 rather than the mushrooms themselves; and (3) the chemical structure of vitamin B12 found on some mushrooms, while based on the corrin-type ring structure that is characteristic of vitamin B12, can have important differences from the form of vitamin B12 that provides us with full vitamin benefits. We use one of the most up-to-date and comprehensive nutrient databases to help us assess the nutrient composition of our WHFoods, and based on this data, we rank crimini mushrooms as a good source of vitamin B12 and our only ranked non-animal source of this vitamin. And you may be getting an important vitamin B12 boost from consumption of crimini mushrooms. However, based on the research evidence, we do not recommend that you rely on crimini mushrooms (or other fungi) as your primary source of B12.
You may be able to make a difference in the health benefits you get from mushrooms by being extra careful with the temperature at which you store them. In a study examining color and texture changes in crimini (white button) mushrooms

########
Rank: 10
Score: 25.520609
Retrieved Text: When it comes to mushrooms, there’s more than meets the eye. Edible mushrooms offer impressive health benefits. These fungi can help in lowering cholesterol levels, and are used in China and Japan to assist in fighting cancer and strengthening the immune system. To harness these health benefits, it’s important to know that just a handful of the approximately 140,000 known species of mushrooms are edible, and they can play a vital role in your overall health and well-being.
Mushrooms are edible fungi and have several scientific names, although their family name is Agaricus. They are essentially saprophages (plants without chlorophyll), which means they thrive by extracting nutrients from dead and decaying plant and animal matter. And not surprisingly, they vary greatly in color, texture and shape. Of the thousands of species of mushroom-forming fungi in the world, science is only familiar with about 10 percent, and only about 100 species are being studied for their potential health benefits and medicinal applications.
The term “superfood” is often used to describe nutrient-rich foods considered to be especially beneficial for health and well-being. And while there are several foods worthy of this moniker, mushrooms in particular deliver “super” in several ways. In addition to their cholesterol-lowering and immune-boosting properties, certain mushrooms, such as the Lion’s Mane and Turkey Tail, have shown evidence of promoting neurological regeneration and cancer-fighting capabilities.
The Lion’s Mane mushroom, (Hericium erinaceus), which has been used as a medicine for centuries in many parts of Asia, is named for its distinctive appearance which resembles the mane of a shaggy

########
Rank: 11
Score: 25.421528
Retrieved Text: 10 super foods that can be considered superfood supplements are the ones that quickly help to replenish a supply of nutrients like the X-factor, glutathione, and important fatty acids into your body.
The following 10 super foods will have powerful life-enhancing properties that can give you lots of health benefits. Super foods like organic coconuts come with special fatty acids that will give you immediate energy and help you to burn fat by producing ketones.
And some of the most phenomenal super foods are grass fed animal foods. 100% pastured raw animal foods come with some of the most important fat soluble vitamins that you will need to build strong bones.
Coconuts were made famous for having MCTs or Medium Chain Triglycerides. MCTs are a type of fatty acid that are metabolized differently by your body.
MCTs go straight to your liver from your digestive tract and are used as a quick type of energy source. They are turned into ketone bodies which is a fatty acid energy source.
Lauric acid is the most potent medium chain fatty acid or MCT found in coconuts. It's also found abundantly in mother's milk. And it's an anti-microbial powerhouse which helps to boost your immune system.
My favorite organic coconut product is actually raw coconut cream because it tastes better than coconut oil and contains more miraculous properties.
It is the most powerful solvent for breaking up stored hardening in the body such as stored plague due to cooked fats, cooked cholesterol, and medications according to the late and great Aajonus Vonderplanitz.
100% grass fed raw butter

########
Rank: 12
Score: 25.38852
Retrieved Text: Enoki mushrooms, also called enokitake (エノキタケ), are slender and exceedingly delicate mushrooms with long thin stems, and tiny white caps. In Chinese, they are called as Jinzhen-gu (golden needle mushrooms) since they resemble to the dried tiger lily buds. Fresh as well as dried enokitake are popular mushrooms in China, Vietnam, Korea and Japan.
Enoki mushrooms in plastic bag.
Enokitake features elongated fruiting body, comprising of long thin stalk and small, biconvex cap. Completely grown enoki measures 10-15 cm in length and 1-3 cm diametered small caps. In Japan, it is cultivated in different sized bottles according to the market preferences. Enoki has a mild fruity flavor and chewy texture.
Enokitake is a winter fungus which prefers milder average temperature to produce thin, elongated stems and small caps. In the natural, wild enoki appear on the persimmon, Chinese hackberry, and sometimes pine forests. Wild enokitake tends to be pigmented, feature short stem and broad, brown caps.
Cultivated enoki requires dark, cold, high carbon-diaoxide surroundings for ideal growth. Farmers usually grow in bottles, on spawn inoculated degradable lignocellulosic bio-residues such as corncobs, wood straw as nutrients for their growth and fructification. Many cultivated varieties with white stems and caps are developed keeping in mind of consumer preferences.
Enoki mushroom is very low calorie fungus. 100 grams of fresh enoki carry about 37 calories.
Laboratory studies on animals suggests that proflamin, a scompound in F. velutipes has been fund to have anti-tumor activity against cancers such as adenocarcinoma, melanoma etc. in animal studies.
Enoki mushroom is another fungal candidate with an ideal source of B-complex

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.209934
Retrieved Text: Belonging to the family of fungi, mushrooms contain 7 essential nutrients which are required for the human body. Riboflavin, niacin, pantothenic acid, biotin, copper, chromium and selenium are contained in the different types of mushrooms that can be consumed.
Mushrooms contain fewer amounts of sodium, fat, cholesterol and calories. Besides the essential nutrients, mushrooms are storehouses of anti oxidants and good fibres like chitin and beta gluans. The antioxidants can even fight many severe ailments. Studies have revealed that including mushrooms in the diet helps to shed the extra flab. It also improves the immunity power of the body.
Here are 10 mushroom recipes you can try at home.
This is a lasagna preparation filled with mushrooms and spinach a treat for vegetarians and a healthy treat for kids as well.
This is undoubtedly an easy way of dishing up some tasty rice for a quick lunch or dinner.
Here is an interesting recipe of the delicious mushroom rice with fire cracker chicken which is nutritious as well.
The fresh flavour of mushroom dressed lightly with olive oil makes it perfect for a wonderful dinner.
An Italian appetizer, the crostinis are grilled or toasted bread topped with scrumptious veggies aromatic herbs.
Begin your lunch with this health-booster soup.
Try these unique mushroom snacks, made with lots of veggies for a fulfilling snack experience.
Make yourself this restaurant style curry today through these simple steps.
An appetising mix of veggies like broccoli and mushrooms with steaming hot rice.
To make things even better, pair up sliced beef with mushrooms and throw in some soy sauce.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 24.782227
Retrieved Text: The white button mushroom is the most widely grown mushroom in Australia. The caps of the mushrooms in the button stage are usually 25mm – 75 mm in diameter, but if left to mature and open the caps can reach a size of 100mm – 175mm in diameter. This mushroom variety can be prepared in many different ways, which makes it very popular. Our kits grow mushrooms with ease and are very productive. Crops grow back every 10-14 days until the mushroom kit uses up all its nutrients. Approximately 1.5kg of mushrooms grow in our kit during the 3 months period of time.
Portobello also known as Portabella or Portobello are a larger ‘flat’ version of the Swiss Brown. The Portabello mushroom is one of the tastiest mushrooms available. It is a wonderful mushroom to grill or roast. The caps can grow to as small as 25mm – 75 mm, to the average size of 100mm – 175mm. Our mushroom kit grows several crops of this delicious mushroom. The first crops are the largest, with the third and subsequent crops being smaller. Great on the BBQ or as part of a meatless burger.
The kit contains both the White Button mushroom and the Portabello mushroom growing compost. The two varieties produce a natural barrier between the two, which prevents either variety from corssing over to the other side. There is often a few days difference in fruiting time. These kits are great, as it gives you a choice to mix and match in your cooking needs.
A fun and

########
Rank: 15
Score: 24.641998
Retrieved Text: The portobello mushroom is one of the most widely consumed mushrooms in the world. Among most other types of mushrooms, especially those called “medicinal mushrooms,” portobellos are known as natural cancer-fighters and protectors of the immune system.
Compared to more expensive and sometimes difficult-to-find mushrooms — like shiitakes or reiki mushrooms, for example — portobello mushrooms are widely available in most grocery stores and usually pretty cost-efficient.Whether you’re following a plant-based diet, low-carb diet, vegan diet or somewhere in between, there are lots of reasons why portobellos and other mushrooms should have a place on your plate.
Because they provide plant-based protein and many essential nutrients, in addition to disease-fighting antioxidants and phytonutrients, cooking with portobellos is one of the best ways to “crowd out” unhealthier foods in your diet — like processed red meat or difficult-to-digest soy, dairy and grain products. Plus, portobello mushroom benefits are truly remarkable, from combatting cancer and inflammation to providing valuable vitamins and minerals that boost health.
What Is a Portobello Mushroom?
Portobello mushrooms (also just called “portobellos”) are mature, white button mushrooms and a type of fungus. Not only are they very low in calories and a great substitute for meat in recipes, but portobellos are also a good source of phytochemicals, such as L-ergothioneine and conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) that have cancer-preventing properties and other anti-aging effects. Because they’re types of fungi, mushrooms scavenge organic matter, meaning they grow by absorbing nutrients from the ground and decaying matter, such as wood or even manure. This allows them to become very nutrient-dense, and

########
Rank: 16
Score: 24.558191
Retrieved Text: These mini mushroom burgers are such a fun idea to serve up as an appetiser next time you're entertaining guests. Rather than using a small slider bun to hold the burgers goods, you instead slice a white button mushroom in half, lightly pan-fry each side and finish with a sprinkle of sesame seeds, and as easy as that you’ll have created the cutest and niftiest little burger bun you’ve ever laid eyes on. You can then stack each one with whatever tickles your taste buds - my pick is a small dollop of hummus, lettuce, cheese, cucumber and tomato. Seriously, you’ll be totally stoked with yourself once you have a plate full of these in front of you, they’re just too cute.
Despite common assumption, mushrooms aren’t classified taxonomically as plants (and therefore vegetables), but rather as fungi. However, given their wonderfully nutrient-dense profile, they’re often lumped along with veggies, but they also share similar nutrients found in meat, grains and legumes, making them an all-round total superfood. In particular, they’re an excellent source of b-vitamins, (especially niacin, biotin and riboflavin) which play an important role in helping our bodies utilise energy from the foods we eat, as well as in supporting a healthy complexion – yes they’re beautifying nutrients! It is important to keep in mind that b-vitamins are water-soluble (meaning they’re unable to be stored within the body), and so we need to enjoy food sources, like mushrooms, daily. They’re are also an excellent source of the mineral selenium, which acts as an immune-boosting nutrient

########
Rank: 17
Score: 24.38605
Retrieved Text: Edible mushrooms are fungi with species from different parts of the world. Although not very consumed in Brazil, they are healthy and low in calories.
The food has good amounts of protein, fiber, phosphorus and vitamin C and few fats. In addition, mushrooms have antimicrobial, anticancer, antioxidant action and there are still preliminary studies that point to fungus as a powerful ally for HIV virus carriers and for controlling diabetes and cholesterol.
Although all are very beneficial , the mushrooms that stand out are the Agaricus brasiliensis , better known as the sun mushroom, which is being studied as an ally in the treatment and prevention of some types of cancer and the shitake that counts on action antioxidant, antimicrobial and contributes to the immune system.
All edible mushrooms are rich in various nutrients, however, there are some variations depending on the species. Mushrooms have good amounts of protein, which are necessary for the development of the organism. Champignon is one of the types with the highest amounts of this nutrient.
These fungi also have many fibers, especially shitake. The nutrient contributes to the best intestinal transit, provides satiety, helps to lower cholesterol, improves immunity and can prevent diabetes.
The food has few lipids and considerable amount of phosphorus which is a mineral that acts on the metabolism aiding in the activation of B vitamins and also has the function of strengthening bones and teeth along with calcium.
Folic acid is present in mushrooms, especially in shitake. The lack of this substance can lead to cardiovascular diseases, cancer and mental disorders, such

########
Rank: 18
Score: 24.334017
Retrieved Text: Our organic Reishi mushroom Supplement is 100% dual extracted to provide the highest levels of key active nutrients unique to the reishi mushroom.
Grown on duanwood for a superior array of key nutrients.
Combined hot water and ethanolic extracts.
We guarantee a minimum of 30% polysaccharides and 2% triterpenes.
Reishi ‘The Mushroom Of Immortality’’ is traditionally regarded as the mushroom for liver and immune health.
For more specific benefits of a Reishi supplement, read the book Medicinal Mushrooms – The Essential Guide by Martin Powell.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 24.31835
Retrieved Text: Do you believe in the health benefits of mushrooms? If you don’t, you might change your mind once you read our comprehensive guide. Today, we’re going to share a variety of important facts about mushroom coffee and the “balanced stimulation” advantages that it provides.
Mushroom coffee has gained popularity over the past two years, because companies, such as Four Sigmatic, are producing high-quality versions which are marketed as potent superfood/stimulant hybrids.
You may put a mushroom coffee blend in your coffeemaker, so you’ll be able to make a cup (or a pot) of mushroom coffee quickly, right from the comfort and privacy of your own home. The process of making it won’t be any different than what you’re used to.
The best mushroom coffees contain organic ingredients which offer a plethora of health and performance benefits.
If you’re a guy who wants to enjoy the good points of typical coffee, without the usual downside, then mushroom coffee may be exactly right for you. This interesting form of coffee will make it easier for you to be productive, without causing unwanted jitters.
The key performance benefit of mushroom coffee is its Nootropic properties. When a product is Nootropic, it enhances cognitive functioning.
Sigma Four is one of the most famous manufacturers of mushroom coffee. To get the inside scoop on ingredients in their mushroom coffee mixes, we researched this Finnish company and its products online.
We were impressed by the care that this company puts into its powdered mushroom coffee mixes.
Ingredients in Sigma Four mushroom coffees are remarkably pure. In addition to Arabica coffee

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.145819
Retrieved Text: Butternut Squash Soup with Mushroom Bacon Bits — Be Well. Be Happy.
Now that it's Fall and starting to feel a little cooler, comfort foods are on my radar! What better way to enjoy the weather and seasonal produce than with a butternut squash soup? This one is extra special because it is topped with mushroom bacon bits. You heard me right. MUSHROOM BACON BITS. My oh my, the sweet and simple butternut squash soup pairs with the salty, crispy bacon bits so perfectly. You are going to LOVE this recipe!
Let me tell you why I love this Fall inspired soup. Butternut squash has high amounts of vitamin A and C which are terrific antioxidants for building the immune system. I use coconut milk instead of traditional cream to build a creamy soup without the unhealthy fats traditional creams have. Coconut milk has medium-chain saturated fatty acids which may improve heart health as well as has antibacterial, anti-fungal and antiviral properties which help us stay healthier. I can't forget about the added health benefits of the mushroom bacon bits. Mushrooms have high amounts of vitamin D which is vital for the immune system and regulating inflammation which play a role in cell growth and decreasing the risk of chronic diseases. Plus, mushrooms are low in calories, fat-free, cholesterol free, and sodium free. You can't say that about traditional bacon bits! ;) To get all the nutrients, make sure you are using fresh produce. I got my mushrooms from the local mushroom farmer Kitchen Pride Mushrooms and the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.064686
Retrieved Text: This all natural protein powder is made with high-quality, organic proteins and no animal products or byproducts. Ideal for athletes and bodybuilders as well as pregnant and nursing moms and those on limited diets (vegetarians, vegans, and anyone with allergies or other food restrictions), A superfood mushroom blend of Reishi, Lion's Mane, Cordyceps, Turkey Tail, King Trumpet, Maitake, and Shiitake mushroom proteins provide B vitamins, vitamin D, low-carb protein, and fiber. Brown rice protein is a complete protein source with a balance of BCAAs (Branch Chain Amino Acids), B vitamins, and minerals including iron, magnesium, selenium, and manganese. Hemp protein offers an ideal ratio of omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids, B vitamins, vitamins D and E, iron, fiber, magnesium, and potassium. Together, these three plant proteins form Perfect Plant Protein Powder, a complete protein source containing all 10 essential amino acids plus numerous nutrients. Dairy-free probiotics and digestive enzymes are added to improve digestion and optimize nutrient absorption.
Mix one scoop of protein powder into smoothies, milk or non-dairy milk, juice, or water. You can also substitute Perfect Plant Protein Powder for an equal amount of flour in recipes for energy bars, muffins, and granola bars.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 24.034744
Retrieved Text: Mushroom Wisdom Super Coriolus (Turkey Tail), 120 Tablets, Maitake Products Inc.
Volume Discount: 2 for $23.87 per unit. 6 for $23.38 per unit.
Turkey Tail has various names. Scientifically it is called as Coriolus versicolor or Trametes versicolor. It's Chinese name is Yun Zhi and Japanese name is Kawaratake. It may be the most studied medicinal mushroom of all. The immune-enhancing activities of Turkey Tail have been extensively studied in Japan since the mid-1970ís and over 400 clinical studies have been conducted on it.
Super Turkey Tail contains both the whole fruit body of Turkey Tail and its high-quality extract. Also it contains an extract of Maitake D-fraction (TD-Fraction) and Bioperine. Maitake D-fraction is extremely potent in maintaining healthy immune functioning. Bioperine is a pure piperine extract obtained from black pepper fruits which significantly enhances the bioavailability of various nutrients. Ginger is added to help digestion and absorption.
As a dietary supplement, take 4 tablets once a day (or 2 tablets twice a day) after meal or as directed by your practitioner.
Disclaimer: The product descriptions and the statements on this page are from manufacturers and/or distributors and have not been evaluated by VitaSprings or the FDA. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. VitaSprings does not imply any medical claims from the customer reviews on this Mushroom Wisdom Super Coriolus (Turkey Tail) product on this website.
Write a Review on this Mushroom Wisdom Super Coriolus (Turkey Tail) product and share your experience or opinion with other customers.
Welcome to VitaSprings Online Store - Source of Your

########
Rank: 23
Score: 24.027712
Retrieved Text: Majestic Mushrooms Pty. Ltd. is a mushroom growing business situated in Murrumbateman, just 25 minutes from the Canberra CBD. This makes us the closest mushroom farm to Canberra and your local supplier.
Our mushrooms can be found in many top fruit shops, supermarkets and restaurants in Canberra and the surrounding region.
We grow white button, cup, flat mushrooms (Agaricus Bisporus). Swiss Brown and Portabello mushrooms (Agaricus Bisporus).
The owners of the business are Helen and Ian Chu, whom are both University of Canberra graduates. Helen has a Bachelor of Education degree, while Ian has a Bachelor of Engineering degree. After spending 10 years in our professional careers, we pursued a career change and in 2006 we built a mushroom farm. We are now full-time mushroom farmers.
Our mushrooms are grown in state-of-the-art, fully climate controlled growing rooms, where the environmental conditions are closely controlled via advanced control systems and PCs. Finite adjustments to growing conditions can all be done remotely on Ian’s iPhone anywhere in the world. This facility was all designed by us and constructed from scratch. By simulating the ideal mushroom growing “season”, we are able produce mushrooms all year round in rain, hail, shine or drought.
Majestic Mushrooms Pty Ltd is a member of the Australian Mushroom Growers Association (AMGA). By being members of AMGA, we are up to date with the latest developments in the mushroom industry. Majestic Mushrooms Pty Ltd is also Freshcare certified. The Freshcare Code of Practice describes the practices required on farm to provide an assurance that fresh produce is safe to eat,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 24.024385
Retrieved Text: Meaty, rich, exotic, nutritious and delicious mushrooms are an excellent food for nursing moms! Mushrooms are rich in a variety of nutrients and are one of Dr. Joel Fuhrman’s—a leader in plant-based nutrition for all– top cancer fighting foods to eat on a regular basis. Plus, according to Hillary Jacobson, author of Mother Food, mushrooms can be helpful in addressing colic symptoms in baby because mushrooms increase the body’s immune response, including increasing immunoglobin IgA. This immune substance helps prevent large poorly digested food molecules from passing through baby’s intestines .
This is important because babies are born with a digestive tract full of holes. These holes are designed to allow immunities of the mother to pass through the digestive tract into the blood stream to provide protection for baby. The bad news is that large undigested food molecules can also pass through these holes often contributing to colic and digestive upset in baby. But if nursing moms are eating mushrooms on a regular basis, 1-2 times weekly, they can help prevent poorly digested particles from passing through, thus lessening the likelihood of colic.
All mushrooms have health benefits, even the “lowly” button mushroom. They are a good source of amino acids, great news for those of us increasing of vegetable intake but who want to ensure we are getting adequate proteins. Mushrooms that have been exposed to sunlight contain vitamin D, an elusive but very necessary vitamin—known as the sun vitamin– vital for moms and babies.
It is important to COOK your mushrooms thoroughly. This makes all their

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.000946
Retrieved Text: This Roasted Veggies + Mashed Sweet Potato recipe is a great vegetarian option. Loaded with a range of roasted vegetables, this dish is light, full of nutrients, and has amazing flavor; all on one plate.
Normally, I hear so many divided reviews on this little mini cabbage look-alike veggie called Brussel Sprouts. Some people have raved about loving this little vegetable for it’s unique taste, while others have complained of it’s bitterness. Brussels sprouts are rich in many valuable nutrients. They are an excellent source of vitamin C and vitamin K. They are a very good source of numerous other nutrients including folate, manganese, vitamin B6, dietary fiber, choline, copper, vitamin B1, potassium, phosphorus and omega-3 fatty acids.
While on my current mission to try a ton of veggies that I’ve never tried before (in hopes of keeping my new Food Journey alive), I decide to give these mini cabbages a try!
To be honest, I felt a bit intimidated (at first) to try these because I was afraid of not cooking it correctly and having it ruin my entire experience and scar me for life. Haha! But to my surprise, it wasn’t a hard veggie to cook and the bitterness that I expected was not as great (or barely at all) due to the roasting process as well as the dressing that I used to coat my veggies. These Brussel Sprouts actually had a great “meaty” texture and feel to this dish and would remind me of a great mushroom substitute, if you’re not a mushroom lover or

########
Rank: 26
Score: 23.995289
Retrieved Text: This is an interesting interview for several reasons. I am learning along with you about this intriguing mushroom. Mark Kaylor is discussing Meshima mushroom. Like many mushrooms, Meshima has potent immune support with very specific areas of benefit. Meshima research is showing the specific extracts of Meshima are beneficial to female breast cells and tissue. There is a long history of use now combined with modern scientific research. See list below for some of these studies.
Look for companies that invest in the science to prove effectiveness and safety. This is an example of a particular company (Mushroom Wisdom), investing in research to discover if their products and extracts are effective. Find the companies that create AND research their ingredients. Mushroom Wisdom has been developing products and investing in the research for over 25 years. One of the primary goals of HealthQuestPodcast.com is to introduce you the best companies. We teach you how to make the distinctions that lead to better choices.
IMPORTANT NOTE: Many of these studies were done with extracts created by Mushroom Wisdom. Sometimes they tested various extracts to see if one is more effective. So the idea that all products are equal is false. Don’t accept products that are sold using borrowed (stolen?) science. If you want the results shown in studies, use the products and dosages used in the study.
Beware of companies that make claims but cannot show that it is their product that has the science. The term is borrowed science. It is a problem for consumers and good companies when cheap

########
Rank: 27
Score: 23.94129
Retrieved Text: Mushroom Compost is steam treated resulting in a Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture accepted fertilizer product.
Improves soil structure, provides plant nutrients, improves soil water status, reduces soil compaction and more.
Mushroom farms take advantage of previously-used wheat grass and hay to grow and nurture mushrooms.
Often referred to as Spent Mushroom Substrate (SMS), Mushroom Compost is the growing medium that results from the mushroom growing process. Mushroom Compost is made from agricultural materials, such as hay, straw, straw horse bedding, poultry litter, cottonseed meal, cocoa shells and gypsum. Sphagnum peat moss adds to the organic nature of the substrate, providing a consistent, formulated and homogeneous product.
After mushrooms are harvested, the Mushroom Compost is steam treated prior to removal to eliminate any pest, pathogens and weed seeds resulting in a Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture accepted fertilizer product.
Mushroom Compost should always be used in accordance with good farming practices and in conjunction with a Nutrient Management or Soil Conservation Plan.
Your local Conservation District can answer any questions about the proper use of Mushroom Compost as they work with you in implementing Best Management Practices.
Mushroom farms rely on previously-used agricultural materials to create the substrate for mushroom production. This recycling process is key to successfully growing mushrooms. Click on the info-graphic below for details.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 23.87405
Retrieved Text: Eating white mushroom, you will discover that it is rich in terms of nutrients. To understand this better, let us look at the white mushroom nutrition facts.
A medium size mushroom of about 18g will give you just 4 calories. This goes far to show that mushrooms are indeed low in calories. This is an advantage in that eating them helps to lower weight for those who are struggling to lose weight through dieting, exercise and so on.
You will be please to learn that mushrooms have 0 fats, no less the white mushroom. Starting with the saturated fat to the polyunsaturated and the monounsaturated fats, the value of 0. This basically means that you cannot suffer from cholesterol due to eating of white mushroom. This indeed is a positive effect of eating the mushrooms.
The mushroom has only 1mg of sodium and 57 mg of potassium.these represent 0% of the total value and 1% respectively for the sodium and potassium.
The white mushroom is low in terms of carbs. You will find that it contains 0.6g out of which dietary fibre is 0.2g and the sugar 0.4g.
What is important and worth noting from the above is that these nutritional facts are bound to change depending on the serving size. However, they are a good measure of what you will get from eating them.
There is so much more that you will get from eating the white mushroom. There is protein as well as presence of vitamins. Examples of vitamins include VitaminA, D B-12 among others. All these are a testimony

########
Rank: 29
Score: 23.871693
Retrieved Text: Mushrooms are a complicated food. People tend to either love or to hate them. Some mushrooms have been recognized by many civilizations for having miraculous medical properties. Other mushrooms can kill you. One could even say that mushrooms are polarizing.
But what about dogs? Do mushrooms have any health benefits for dogs? Would dogs even want to eat them?
The answer to all of those questions is…it depends — both on the dog and on the mushroom. Some dogs would pick them out of their food and leave them behind as if they’re offensive. Other dogs might hover them up as a rare delicacy. But are they healthy for your pup?
There’s an important difference between wild and store-bought mushrooms. Those you buy in the grocery are safe to eat. And while there are wild mushrooms that are perfectly safe, there are others that could kill your dog, and quickly.
To be on the safe side, your dog should never eat a mushroom found in the wild — or your backyard. In fact, in March 2019, two dogs were found dead in a backyard after eating Death Angel (Amanita virosa) mushrooms that were growing there.
Sticking to mushrooms you can buy in a store, let’s look at some of the potential health benefits.
The white button mushroom (agaricus bisporus) is the one most commonly cultivated worldwide. And there’s a reason for that. The plain Jane of the mushroom genus is a rich source of nutrients including carbohydrates, proteins, lipids, fibers, minerals, and vitamins, as well as amino acids, fatty acids, and antioxidants.
White

================



======= Instance Index 28 =========
Input Text: which of these animal's habitat is peat likely to be found?

Which is the correct answer?
- a dog's habitat
- a cat's habitat
- a human's habitat
- an alligator's habitat

Target Text: an alligator's habitat

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 32.374733
Retrieved Text: Bleak, treeless and often shrouded in low cloud, blanket bog can seem a desolate habitat. However, the wildness of the huge, empty landscapes and wide skies are compelling, as is the chance of hearing the enigmatic calls of red-throated divers and tundra-breeding waders. Shafts of light glint on myriad pools and intensify the deep colours of bog-mosses, while old peat cuttings remind us of the long-standing role bogs have played in the culture of these rain-soaked isles.
Blanket bog is extensive and widespread in the wetter west and north of the UK. Generally an upland habitat, it can be found from 1000m down to sea level where peat has accumulated to a depth of at least 0.5m - generally on flat or gently sloping ground where drainage is poor. Few plants are adapted to the acidic, infertile conditions found on the deepest peat (which can be several metres in depth) and bog-mosses, heathers and cotton grasses predominate. Towards the drier east, dwarf-shrubs become more common and include bearberry, bog bilberry and mountain crowberry at higher altitudes, while on steeper slopes in the west, purple moor-grass can dominate.
In the UK, the development of blanket bog began around 5,000-6,000 years ago, as the climate became wetter and warmer. It is generally found over acidic bedrock in places where rainfall exceeds the loss of water through evaporation and plant transpiration, leading to near-constant saturation. Such conditions favour the growth of bog-mosses and cottongrasses, which do not break down when they die but slowly accumulate as peat. Layers of peat create

########
Rank: 1
Score: 31.110308
Retrieved Text: Macroinvertebrates are diverse and widespread, and they play important ecological roles in aquatic ecosystems; yet little is known about the macroinvertebrate fauna of the peat swamp forests of Borneo. In light of this knowledge gap, we present a preliminary species list of macroinvertebrates in the peat swamp forest of Maludam National Park, Sarawak, Malaysia. Macroinvertebrates were sampled between April 2011 and November 2014 from three stations on the Maludam River, which flows through the National Park. In total, 3,257 individual macroinvertebrates were examined, representing 37 morpho-species from 20 families and eight orders. Of the total number of individuals captured, 51 % were aquatic beetles (Order Coleoptera), 26 % were aquatic bugs (Hemiptera), 10 % were dragonflies (Odonata), 5 % were flies (Diptera) and 4 % were mayflies (Ephemeroptera). Other orders contributed less than 5 % of the total. The dominant species was the whirligig beetle Dineutus unidentatus (36 % of all individuals caught) which may, thus, be a stenotopic habitat specialist. Despite the harsh environmental conditions of Maludam, where aquatic habitats are acidic and low in dissolved oxygen, the area was found to be inhabited by a diverse macroinvertebrate fauna which is likely to contribute to maintaining the important ecosystem services that the peat swamp forest provides.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.912352
Retrieved Text: Some animals are dependent on more than one habitat type and need a variety of habitats near each other to survive. For example, many waterfowl depend on upland habitats for nest sites, and nearby wetlands for food supplies for themselves and their broods.
Habitat protection can be done in a variety of ways. Before we can protect a plant's or animal's habitat, we need to know where this habitat is found. The first step, then is to identify where these vanishing species are found. This is being accomplished today by state and federal agencies and conservation organizations.
Legislation was passed to protect the most endangered species in the United States. These special species cannot be destroyed nor can their habitat be eliminated. They are marked in the endangered species list by an *. Several federal and state agencies are beginning to manage threatened and endangered species on public lands. Recognition of private landowners who have voluntarily agreed to protect rare plants and animals is underway. All these efforts need to continue and be expanded to keep our natural heritage alive.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.609907
Retrieved Text: This map is a high-level planning tool to promote consistency and clarity in the preparation of spatial frameworks by planning authorities.
The Carbon and Peatland map 2016 is now available for download as a Geographic Information Systems (GIS) shape file from the NaturalSpaces section of the SNHi Information Service (renewable category). You can also view this map on the Scotland's Soils Website.
A high-level planning tool to promote consistency and clarity in the preparation of spatial frameworks by planning authorities.
These are now available for the first time in a consolidated spatial dataset. Development Plans are expected to include wind farm spatial frameworks (paragraph 161 in Scottish Planning Policy) – these should be informed by the Carbon and Peatland 2016 map (it maps the carbon-rich soils, deep peat and priority peatland habitat listed in Table 1 in Scottish Planning Policy).
Spatial frameworks can provide more than just an initial steer in the development plan. They can help to inform the scoping stage of an Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) and provide a framework for site selection, environmental assessment and decision-making.
*Priority peatland habitat is land covered by peat-forming vegetation or vegetation associated with peat formation.
The purpose of the map is to inform the preparation by planning authorities of spatial frameworks for onshore wind. It has been created to help provide a consistent approach across Scotland.
The map provides planning authorities with the information they need to implement Scottish Planning Policy. This policy requires Planning Authorities to develop spatial frameworks for onshore wind – and Table 1 in SPP sets out what should be

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.119894
Retrieved Text: Turf wars are raging across the country of Ireland. But these aren’t your typical battles over who controls which block of a city neighborhood. Instead, these are literally disagreements over turf, or to be more specific, turbary, or the ancient right to cut turf.
The cutting of turf from peat bogs for use as a fuel is a way of life that has existed for as long as there have been people in Ireland. Although it is back-breaking work when done in the traditional manner, the harvesting of turf was often a time for families to come together to help one another and to socialize. Now, with rising fuel prices, families in many parts of Ireland where there are few trees depend upon peat turf to heat their homes. Traditionally, turf was cut by hand, using a turf spade, or slane. However, in the 1950s, turf cutting was mechanized and the peat bogs have significantly diminished in size. Today, only 15% of Central Ireland’s raised peatlands remain. This habitat degradation has led to a decline in plants and wildlife populations in these areas. A brick-sized block of turf will burn for about an hour. Nature will take around 100 years to replace it.
Peat bogs form slowly over time as ecological succession takes place in flooded hollows of the land. When the reeds and sedges in the hollows die, the water keeps oxygen from reaching decomposers, so the vegetation does not rot away completely. Eventually, these partially decomposed plants build up to form fen peat. Sphagnum moss is

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.618382
Retrieved Text: After discussing on various soil-less growth media in brief in my earlier blog, I have planned to share some more information on the individual media. This is the first issue where I shared some information on one of the most controversial and popular soil-less growing media, Peat Moss. Hope you will like it.
Peat Moss refers to decomposed and dead remain of many components such as mosses, sedges, and shrubs etc. But the most common part is Sphagnum Moss.
The moss typically grows on top of the bog (deep and wet marshes) and the peat is produced underneath.
The ideal condition for the formation of peat is wetland where flows of oxygen are not abundant due to the obstruction caused by flood and thus causing a slow rate of decomposition.
When plant material is inhibited from decaying fully (due to lack of oxygen and presence of acidic medium) then it accumulates as peat.
Peat moss is mostly found in places with cool climates. Countries such as Canada, Northern Europe, Scandinavia, New Zealand are the biggest source of sphagnum peat moss.
Fibric peat moss: It is the least decomposed one among the three types and contains fibers in intact condition.
Hemic peat moss: It is much more decomposed than the Fibric one but not as much as Sapric type.
Sapric peat moss: This is the most decomposed form.
The usage of Peat moss can be plenty, but here I will only focus on its use in agriculture and gardening.
The use of peat moss in gardening and agriculture has become very popular due to its water retaining

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.50354
Retrieved Text: Gazelles are a genus (Gazella) found in the antelope family, six species of which can be found throughout Africa. Many of these small, horned creatures are endangered, and their populations in the deserts, plains, and savannas of Africa are threatened due to hunting, farming, and loss of habitat.
The most common gazelle in the Sahara desert is the Dorcas gazelle (Gazella dorcas), with several subspecies residing throughout northern Africa and the Middle East as well. The appearance of these gazelles can vary by subspecies, and ranges fawn to reddish-brown coats with stripes on the flanks and face in several shades of brown and white. They stand up to 2 feet tall and can weigh up to 44 pounds. Dorcas gazelles are highly adapted to desert life, and are able to get all required moisture from their plant matter-based diet without ever taking a drink of water. While these gazelles are not endangered, their population is considered vulnerable due to illegal hunting and habitat loss, caused by land development and agriculture.
Grant's gazelles (Nanger granti) are named for explorer James A. Grant, who discovered the source of the Nile with John H. Speke in 1862. These large gazelles stand 65 inches high and can weight up to 147 pounds, with pale brown coats and a white patch above their tails, similar to Thomson's gazelles. They are found in the savannas, deserts, and plains of east Africa, and are not considered threatened or endangered.
Slender-horned gazelles (Gazella leptoceros), also known as Rhim gazelles, are easily distinguishable by their pale brown coats

########
Rank: 7
Score: 26.372921
Retrieved Text: It is a standard health practice for all new animals at LTB to be housed separately for a period of time before moving to one of the larger habitats. Moka is taking this time to settle in and get used to his new surroundings.
He will be living the rest of his life here with our white tiger cub Nola, who was also rescued from the illegal animal trade. U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service made the decision to permanently transfer him to a sanctuary, since he is likely a hybrid of several tiger species, and therefore not a good candidate for the zoo's breeding program. Moka's story illustrates the importance of sanctuaries such as LTB, which are often an animal's last hope for safe refuge.
This news comes as we launch our "No Place Like Home" campaign, and start to raise the needed funds to build the next habitat at LTB. This new multi-acre, open-air habitat will be complete with big cat creature comforts such as rocks, trees, large watering holes, natural rolling terrain, and wide-open space for Moka and Nola to romp around and relax in.
We are grateful that Moka was one of the lucky ones to find his way to safety at a sanctuary. So many captive-bred animals are not this lucky, and that's why we work tirelessly to end the exotic animal trade and stop the unnecessary breeding, selling, suffering, and dumping of animals that come along with it.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 26.321943
Retrieved Text: What is a Congregating Firefly Zone?
Congregating Firefly Zone (CFZ) refers to the full extent of the habitat of firefly colonies, often located along both sides of a reiver or a tributary or even an artificial waterway like a canal. It stretches from the margin of the river (display tress) to the back of the mangrove or tidal flood plains where the firefly larvae and their prey, such as snails, are found and where unmated adults rest during the day.
The entire life cycle of the mangrove congregating fireflies is entirely dependent on the mangrove ecosystem. Any minor alteration to the mangrove ecosystem that the life cycle of the fireflies revolves on, such as the loss of the food prey of the firefly larvae e.g. the mangrove snails Cyclotropis carinata, and the continued survival of the display trees e.g. Berembang Sonneratia caseolaris or the nypa trees Nypa fruticans, where the snails (prey) are found, will drastically affect the continued existence of the Pterotix tener. Firefly larvae which emit a weak light glow are carnivorous. They feed on snails or other invertebrates which is found only on these coastal riverbanks. The lifecycle of the fireflies are therefore intricately linked to the entire river basin.
During the 2013 North Selangor Peat Swamp expedition organized by the Forestry Department, a confirmation of the existence of fireflies in peat swamps, not reported before. Preliminary findings showed that the subfamily Lampyrinae (possibly two to three species) and Luciolinae (possibly two to three species) is represented. A possible sighting of another bioluminescence beetle family is

########
Rank: 9
Score: 26.125711
Retrieved Text: Peat bogs do three critical things: They form a unique natural habitat, home to countless species of flora and fauna, many of which are at risk. They are a carbon sink, a storage site for carbon dioxide. Removing peat from a bog releases carbon dioxide into the air, which contributes to global warming. They store and filter 10% of the global freshwater resources.
Although Canada is the most responsible country in the world regarding their peat bog restoration policies, the fact remains that . . . A typical peat extractor removes up to 9″ (23 cm) a year, while a peat bog only regenerates at a depth of 1/25″ (1 mm) per year. Therefore, one year’s extraction regrows in 220 years. Does this really mean “renewable” to you?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 25.95108
Retrieved Text: dc.identifier.citation Tarszisz, E. and Tomlinson, S. and Harrison, M. and Morrough-Bernard, H. and Munn, A. 2018. Gardeners of the forest: Effects of seed handling and ingestion by orangutans on germination success of peat forest plants. Biological Journal of the Linnean Society. 123 (1): pp. 125-134.
© 2017 The Linnean Society of London, Biological Journal of the Linnean Society. The passage of seeds through an animal's gut can improve the probability of germination for some plants. We followed 13 Bornean orangutans (Pongo pygmaeus wurmbii) in a peatland forest in the Sabangau Forest, Central Kalimantan and collected their faecal samples opportunistically. From these samples, we identified 13 angiosperm species' seed, which ranged from small (0.61 ± 0.10 cm) to moderately large (2.16 ± 0.24 cm) seeds. We compared the germinability of the seeds of five species that were defecated by orangutans with conspecific seeds that were manually extracted from fruits and those from whole (intact) fruits, with the aim to test for effects of gut passage on germination. Overall germination success increased and the time taken to obtain 50% germination reduced as a result of interactions with orangutans in all species except Elaeocarpus mastersii. There was no germination success for three species (Nephelium maingayi, Diospyros areolata and Sandoricum beccarianum) from unhandled fruits during the 60-day trial period, and the remaining two species both had less than 100% germination. For all species, except Campnosperma coriaceum, the total germination fraction was substantially higher for manually extracted seeds than for defecated seeds. From these experiments, we concluded that while orangutans may not

########
Rank: 11
Score: 25.948559
Retrieved Text: To protect the whole habitat we also need to protect the underlying soils, rocks and water.
All too often the geological aspects of a natural area are ignored, yet without the soils and water and the microbes that live in them the whole eco-system collapses. At Mt Misery Habitat Reserve the entire system is protected from the tops of the tall trees to the bedrock below.
Looking toward the skyline from the main village the scene is dominated by the escarpment. The soft sandstone that underlies the village and forested areas is capped with harder rocks. This sandstone slowly erodes away from under the hard rock, leaving it overhanging. These overhangs create rock shelters that may have been used in the past by aboriginal people.
Eventually the weight of the over hang is too great and it breaks off, leaving a cliff with a boulder field below. The boulders may roll down the slope as a whole or may be eroded to sands and soils and move down as landslides or carried by water or animals. When ice freezes inside the tiny cracks in the rock, it expands and opens the crack. This process is repeated every freeze and the crack slowly opens over many years until the parent rock sheds a flake or a boulder. The whole process is excruciatingly slow with pieces breaking off so infrequently that we have found no recent scars.
Plants such as lichens play an important role in breaking the rock down into soil particles. They exude enzymes that partially dissolve the rocks, releasing

########
Rank: 12
Score: 25.94635
Retrieved Text: Measurements of thermoregulation, respiration and metabolic depression in the edible dormouse (Myoxus glis) during the early stages of torpor, hibernation and aestivation, indicate remarkable similarities in the profile of physiological changes for all three adaptive phenomena, suggesting that they are controlled by essentially the same mechanism. The capacity for adaptive hypothermia in animals is clearly determined genetically and is manifested in cells from many different tissues. Nevertheless, we have known for a long time that control centres in the brain exist which coordinate behavioural (feeding, drinking, reproductive) as well as physiological (circulatory, respiratory) functions, and establish cyclical rhythms for these functions which relate them to daily, monthly and seasonal changes in an animal's habitat.
What three functions must the brain fulfil to achieve this coordination?
It must act as a central receptor, integrating signals such as ambient light levels, daylength and temperature with internal indicators of physiological state.
It must contain an internal ‘clock’ that can be set to operate with reference to environmental changes.
It must contain command centres, which adjust body temperature, metabolism, respiration, circulation and behaviour to adapt to prevailing conditions in the habitat.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.921637
Retrieved Text: The usage of peat resources is according to all environmental restrictions in Latvia and at the international level.
Peat products have been exported since 1930s and, therefore, peat deposit development, extraction and utilisation experience is gathered.
The main product types are fuel peat which has been used in the local market and differently prepared fen type peat with low decomposition degree which has been exported and used in local market.
Peat is an organic material that forms in the waterlogged, sterile, acidic conditions of bogs and fens.
Peat has the ability to preserve materials and this has led to some remarkable finds in peat bogs, including people buried thousands of years ago and wooden artefacts that have not survived elsewhere.
Peat bogs contribute to the welfare of all living things by 'locking up' carbon that would otherwise increase the greenhouse effect.
The principal peat areas are located in the region of the Qingzang Plateau in the south-west, in the north-east mountains and in the lower Yangtze plain in the east.
Peat deposits are found throughout Finland, with a greater density to the west and north of the country.
Peat layer growth and degree of decomposition (or humification) depends principally on its composition and on the degree of waterlogging.
Peat extraction is also seen as the dominating threat to mire biodiversity in Finland.The International Mire Conservation Grop IMCG strongly urged in 2006 the local and national governments of Finland to meet their international responsibility to protect and conserve the remaining pristine peatland ecosystems.
Peat producers in Finland often claim that it is a special form of biofuel

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.587654
Retrieved Text: When we damage our water systems, we're putting not only putting marine life at risk, we're also putting human life and resources in peril.
Our planet currently has six plastic islands made of trapped garbage. The damage to sea life by these plastic death traps can only be imagined, but scientists are now investigating the long-term impacts of toxic pollutants absorbed, transported, and consumed by fish and other marine life, including the potential effects on human health.
Plastic that now pollutes our oceans and waterways is having a severe impact on our environment and our economy. Seabirds, whales, sea turtles and other marine life are eating marine plastic pollution and dying from choking, intestinal blockage and starvation.
Scientists previously thought that only actual plastic floating in the ocean could harm marine animals. But, new research proves there are additional unseen dangers being created by the plastic we discard daily. Initially it was thought that large plastic rubbish heaps were caused by shipping fleets that crisscross our oceans everyday. Although an estimated 639,000 plastic containers thrown overboard everyday do contribute to ocean death traps, this only represents 20% of the overall plastic pollution that flows into our seas, with the other 80% originating from land sources.
New research is being done on the overall effects our continued disposal of plastics is having on our marine life. We know marine life is being affected to some extent, we know there are already many species on the brink of extinction, yet we continue to use and dispose of millions of tons of plastic

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.5247
Retrieved Text: The Spearhead Bluet – Northern Damselfly ( Coenagrion hastulatum ) is only found in small populations in north-east Scotland although it is relatively common in Europe although numbers seem to be decreasing there at lower elevations due to deterioration of habitat. Preferred breeding sites include unshaded acidic pools, lakes, bogs and peat mosses which have plenty of edge vegetation.
Appearing somewhat smaller than the Azure Bluet – Coenagrion puella the males have black abdominal marks on a pale blue body. Segment 2 has a distinctive black spearhead, or pointed mushroom marking, with two black dashes to the front and sides. The antehumeral stripes are blue.
Females have black abdominal markings on a green base. The antehumeral stripes are green.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.512627
Retrieved Text: This chapter considers the potential effects of the proposals on geological resources and soils. The project engineers have supplied all detailed geological and soils information.
observations made during a site reconnaissance of the study area.
The report from the BGS is contained in Appendix 7.1. The report on the peat probing exercise and the peat landslide hazard and risk assessment are contained in Appendix 7.2 and 7.3 respectively.
There are no geological Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI)84, Regionally Important Geological/Geomorphological Sites (RIGS)85, prime agricultural land or known contaminated land within the area which would be directly affected by the proposals. There is extensive peat present on the site (see Figure 1 in Appendix 7.3).
The solid geology is composed of metasedimentary86 rocks of Dalradian Age. These metamorphosed87 sediments comprise the metamorphosed sedimentary rocks schistose semipelite to psammite, with more massive layers of psammite developed locally.
Drift deposits are present over extensive areas, though locally thin or absent, and mainly comprise peat overlying glacial deposits. Other deposits may be found locally, including made ground88 in association with the existing infrastructure development, and river terrace deposits associated with the main terrace of the River Fillan at the route’s north tie—in.
The glacial soils occur principally as glacial moraine deposits, with glaciolacustrine89 deposits. The glacial moraine deposits produce the mounded deposits and hummocky terrain. These are primarily silty to very silty sand containing gravel, cobbles and boulders in varying proportions, and pockets of sandy silt. They may grade downward into glacial till. The glaciolacustrine deposits are reworked morainic material found at some of the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.505903
Retrieved Text: Protecting peat lands to reduce CO2 emissions while securing people’s livelihoods is a challenge in Indonesia. A video released by the World Agroforestry Centre documents the background and research carried out by a team of Indonesian and international scientists to help the Tanjung Jabung Barat district government on the Indonesian island of Sumatra identify which parts of the district have been producing the most greenhouse gasses from different land uses. The research is supported by the CGIAR Research Program on Forests, Trees and Agroforestry (FTA). ICRAF’s Rob Finlayson knows more about this.
Each of the more than 400 district governments in the country is required to prepare plans to reduce greenhouse gasses as part of the national government’s commitment to bring down emissions by up to 41% by 2025. Preparing such plans is a challenge for most districts owing to a shortage of skilled staff.
The Norwegian Agency for Development Cooperation is funding a project called Securing Ecosystems and Carbon Benefits by Unlocking Reversal of Emissions Drivers in Landscapes (Secured Landscapes). Under this project, the World Agroforestry Centre has been working with the Tanjung Jabung Barat government and farmers to find land-use options that will contribute to reducing emissions.
Around 40% of the district is peat land, most of which had been covered by dense swamp forest until as recently as the 2000s, when much of the forests were removed to make way for agriculture and plantations, predominantly oil palm.
Using various techniques, such as spatial and carbon analyses, the scientists found that removing the district’s peat-swamp forests had released

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.407299
Retrieved Text: Peat shrublands were plentiful in the Te Arai areas right up until the 1970s. This area was referred to as 'Black's Swamp and contained lowland manuka and kanuka mire shrub, these canopies were prime habitat for the Auckland Green Gecko.
Peat shrubland in Te Arai has predominantly been cleared and drained for farmland, and this shrubland type is now so rare in the district that even small stands are classified by the Auckland Council as Significant Ecological Areas.
The understory is rich in ferns and reeds, such as tangle fern(Gleichenia dicarpa) and Eleocharis spaculata, hange hange, and many varieties of coprosmas. The shrubland serves as a habitat for both wetland and forest avifauna.
The canopy is made up of a mix of common manuka and the declining Rawiri- kanuka (Kunzea ericoides var. linearis). The Auckland Green Gecko feeds and basks in the sun courtesy of this canopy.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.35352
Retrieved Text: A new campaign launched by Forest Heroes against luxury hotel chain Mandarin Oriental sheds light on its links to palm oil company Astra Agro Lestari, which has been accused of deforestation and habitat destruction in Indonesian rainforests.
Anti-deforestation group Forest Heroes on Monday launched a hard-hitting campaign against luxury hotel chain Mandarin Oriental, accusing the company’s owners - Jardine Matheson Holdings - of deforestation, elephant habitat destruction, and community rights violations in Indonesia.
With slick visuals that juxtapose the hotel’s luxurious interiors with ravaged landscapes, the ‘She’s not a fan’ campaign spoofs the Mandarin Oriental’s own marketing initiative - which plays on its logo of a paper fan by profiling celebrities as fans of the hotel - to draw attention to the irresponsible practices in Indonesia’s palm oil industry.
Campaigners - who have been protesting this week outside Mandarin Oriental hotels in London, New York, and Jakarta dressed as elephants - point out that Jardine Matheson, which owns Mandarin Oriental, is also the parent company of Indonesian palm oil firm Astra Agro Lestari.
Jardine is Bermuda-incorporated and is listed on the London and Singapore stock exchanges.
The three companies also share a common figurehead: Mandarin’s chairman, Ben Keswick, is also the Managing Director of Jardines and Astra’s commissioner, which is a position on the company’s board of directors.
Astra is carrying out deforestation in the Indonesian provinces of West Kalimantan and Central Sulawesi, and its operations in Sampoiniet, Aceh, are destroying the habitat of the Sumatran elephant, said Forest Heroes.
It pointed out that Astra is the biggest palm oil producer which is

########
Rank: 20
Score: 25.35241
Retrieved Text: From flightless, long-legged ostriches to winged rays, and from elusive, long-tailed snow leopards to wily foxes, the world of animals is wonderfully diverse. This popular and newly expanded series continues traveling the planet to study these and other fascinating mammals, birds, reptiles, fish, and invertebrates. Beautiful photos are paired with STEM-appropriate text to examine the featured creature's appearance, habitat, behaviors, and life cycle. Each book also presents a folk story that people have used to help explain the animal's appearance or behavior. A basic exploration of the appearance, behavior, and habitat of foxes, the widespread members of the dog family. Also included is a story from folklore explaining how foxes can outsmart other animals.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 25.28618
Retrieved Text: Before the European settlers arrived, the American elk had the largest range of any deer in North America; an estimated ten million thrived across the continent. However, unregulated hunting, grazing competition from livestock, and habitat destruction throughout the nineteenth century reduced American elk populations to fewer than 100,000 animals. Fortunately, the American elk’s natural adaptability, along with wildlife management efforts, have helped to stabilize and even increase the animal's population in both the United States and Canada.
Today, the American elk lives primarily in the western half of North America, largely in protected, mountainous areas like Wyoming's National Elk Refuge and Yellowstone National Park. Eastern states like Pennsylvania, Arkansas, Kentucky, Tennessee, and North Carolina have reintroduced small herds into heavily wooded areas. In Canada, herds can be found from Ontario on to the West Coast.
Typical elk habitats consist of a patchwork of woodlands and large, open spaces. Heavily wooded areas offer elk sanctuary from humans and predators, while open areas provide foraging sites where elk can locate and consume the plants that make up their diet.
During the winter, American elk herds in colder regions descend to valley pastures. Densely wooded areas and north/northeast-facing mountain slopes provide cover for the elk. In turn, more arid and open south/southwest-facing slopes make for adequate foraging sites where elk can nose through the snow and find grass.
During the summer, American elk populations living in areas that experience severe winters usually migrate to higher elevations. There, elk are less likely to be disturbed, which is ideal for the births of elk calves

########
Rank: 22
Score: 25.14365
Retrieved Text: Research what it takes to become a zoologist. Learn about their salaries, job duties and education requirements to find out if this is the career for you. Schools offering Biology degrees can also be found in these popular choices.
What Is a Zoologist ?
Zoologists work with animals to learn about their behavior, physiology and environment. They may carry out their work in the animals' natural habitat or work with animal specimens in a laboratory setting. Zoologists usually focus on one type of animal, such as mammals or reptiles, or a particular species, such as spotted owls. They generate findings by executing experimental studies. Not only do they examine how creatures function and interact with one another, but how human activity impacts them as well. They design programs to foster healthy breeding, and present conservation plans to the general public. Take a look at the following chart for an overview of how to enter this field.
What Can I Expect to Make as a Zoologist?
A zoologist is a scientist who studies the animal kingdom, focusing on animal behavior, classification and development. As a zoologist, you observe animal behavior in the wild, study the animal's environment and conduct experiments. You'll likely study one type of animal, such as mammals, reptiles or birds. You'll work in the field, often in animals' natural habitats, and sometimes in remote locations. Whether you choose to study living animals in their natural habitats or with deceased animals in a laboratory setting, you'll study solutions to habitat, health and social issues surrounding a species.
You'll usually be

########
Rank: 23
Score: 25.023146
Retrieved Text: Sulfur is a combination of several nutrients that is essential to an animal's healthy diet, particularly in ruminants such as sheep and cattle. Essential for growth and production of wool and milk, sulfur can be found in many animal feed sources, including water. Sulfur supplements may keep animals healthy when no natural source can be found.
Sulfur is necessary for the production of amino acids in ruminant animals. Called cysteine, cystine and methionine, these amino acids are manufactured by the microorganisms in the animal's forestomach, called the rumen, along with the B-vitamins thiamin and biotin, according to Stephan Breytenbach for the website Engormix. When sulfur is deficient in the animal's normal diet, supplementing his feed with sulfur can encourage the growth of the rumen's microorganisms and improve amino acid balance.
Sheep and goats typically require more dietary sulfur than cattle due to the large amounts of sulfur they require to grow hair and wool. Sulfur needs may increase during a wool-growing season. Increased sulfur intake is associated with higher lamb survival rates, up to 33 percent more wool production, weight gain and stronger wool, according to Breytenbach. In dairy cattle, adequate amounts of sulfur improve the production of milk solids, milk fat, milk protein and milk casein, which leads to improved cheese production.
Sulfur can be an effective flea repellent for house pets, according to the Nutri-Tech website. Elemental sulfur added to a pet's food can keep these annoying pests away. For finicky furred friends, an egg may be a tempting healthy treat that renders the same effect. The

########
Rank: 24
Score: 24.90346
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Herp Help' started by DOROTHY COLLINS, Aug 26, 2018.
Still working on my new snake habitat and I was planning on using thick threads of silicone covered with peat moss on the walls, floor and platforms. I will be vacuuming up the excess peat moss. The enclosure is a converted bureau, water sealed and lined with self adhesive drawer liner. Will the peat moss hurt my carpet python?
Im not sure what the 'thick threads of silicone' are intended to do but peat moss can contain fertiliser as can other garden products. Anything containing fertiliser of any kind is a no no.
Thank you so much for your reply. I will have to find something else.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.851175
Retrieved Text: Geranium traversii is endemic to the Chatham Islands group. It is found on all the main islands, islets and rock stacks except the Forty Fours, Sisters, Pyramid and Western Reef. Here its habitat is coastal cliffs, consolidated or mobile sand dunes, steep peat-filled crevices, limestone cliffs and rocks, rock crevices and erosion hollows. It requires good drainage and a sunny situation.
It is perennial rosette herb which forms patches up to 0.8 × 0.6 m.
It has silvery grey to greyish-green basal leaves which are round, 2.5–7.5 cm diameter, and are cut into 5 to 7 lobes. These are on slender petioles up to 220 mm long.
Flowers are solitary up to 30 mm in diameter with petals that are pink, white or rarely a pale purple appear October to March. The petals usually have up to 5 more darkly pigmented, longitudinal veins.
The seeds (July-June) are a black to reddish brown and the plant self-seeds readily.
Photographed at Te Kainga Marire Gardens at Spencer Place, January.
The leaf has tiny hairs on its surface.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 24.779716
Retrieved Text: Anyone travelling by road or rail north from Sydney to the Central Coast, Newcastle, or further north will experience a dramatic change of scenery 35 kilometres north of Hornsby. Here, both road and rail descend to the wide expanse of the Hawksbury River.
At river level, near to the expressway road and further west of the railway track, lies Peat Island, a narrow point of land reaching into the river. It was, indeed, once an island, but in the 1950s became connected to the river’s edge by the construction of a causeway.
Neither road nor railway travellers are likely to notice Peat Island. It is now largely deserted. Yet, for over a century the island was the site of a hospital that was secretive, sinister and often ill-managed.
Europeans first surveyed and settled the lower reaches of the Hawkesbury River early in the 19th century. This was the country of the Darkinjung people, but it was not a permanent habitat, with the river subject to flooding and seasonal variation.
Peat Island is one of six islands in these lower reaches of the Hawkesbury, near the river mouth. It was first named Rabbit Island, but this became Peat Island in 1936, in recognition of a local pioneer, George Peat, who had built early roads and set up a ferry service across the river in 1844. All six islands were reserved for Crown use in February 1866. Some were sold for private use but by the end of the century the relative isolation of Peat Island and neighbouring Milson Island offered a

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.560131
Retrieved Text: HIRTY-ONE captive-bred endangered sunset frogs and 251 tadpoles have been translocated to the South-West in a bid to save the species from extinction.
Department of Environment and Conservation officials said most of the amphibians were bred at Perth Zoo and moved to a private property in the Mt Frankland area.
There are only 30 known populations of the sunset frog left in the wild and the rare creatures survive in a tiny pocket of the South-West near Walpole and Nornalup. They currently live in poorly drained peat-based swamps at the headwaters of drainage systems.
Climate change and feral animals, particularly pigs, have played a large role in the frogs' demise, experts say.
DEC threatened fauna ark project officer Manda Page said the sunset frog is also at risk of extinction because of its reliance on habitat that is no longer in abundance.
"The release site for the frogs and tadpoles was chosen because it provides suitable habitat and extends the known range of the species," Dr Page said.
“If they breed successfully here, this will hopefully provide insurance against the species being wiped out by a devastating local event such as a large-scale intense bushfire that could destroy the frog’s peat swamp habitat."
All of the tadpoles and most of the adult frogs were reared at Perth Zoo.
“The owners of the property on which the animals were released have fenced the site and are taking a lead role in protecting and monitoring the frogs," Dr Page said.
“Staff from DEC’s Walpole office will be working with the owners to help them protect the habitat

########
Rank: 28
Score: 24.513872
Retrieved Text: AFTER writing the heading for this story I thought I had said it all, as there is no other cause more damaging to any species than the destruction of the habitat in which that species exists, regardless of whether the species is an orchid, an earthworm or a white Rhinoceros.
Most persons involved with orchids who are tinged with even the lightest shade of green will be aware of certain events, which have dramatically changed the environmental landscape. Many of these events were perpetrated upon this entity known as an Eco-System long before most of us were born. They are, to name a few, the introduction of rabbits, foxes, prickly pear, cane toads, bitou bush and hard hoofed animals. However, those who introduced these pests have done the greatest damage to this precious eco-system and there are no prizes if the casual reader thinks the perpetrators might be "us", so called modern man.
This analogy is not restricted to Australia, for most modern nations have experienced some form of pest, introduced fora variety of reasons. These might be as varied as something to hunt, as Australian possums introduced into New Zealand for that reason, have been recognised as a pest for many years. Our Melaleuca species somehow found their way into the Florida Everglades and have been partly responsible for the reduction of the total area of that magnificent natural wonderland.
The 'us' part of the problem should be obvious, as it comes in the form of clearing the landscape to suit modern man and the comforts to which

########
Rank: 29
Score: 24.29564
Retrieved Text: Peatlands initiate in one of four ways. The first, the most common, appears to through paludification (or swamping), wherein peat forms on previously drier, vegetated habitats on inorganic soils and in the absence of a body of water, generally due to regional water table rise and associated climatic moderation. Additionally, local site factors also have strong influences on paludification. Second, peat may form directly on fresh, moist, nonvegetated mineral soils. This primary peat formation occurs directly after glacial retreat or on former inundated land that has risen due to isostatic rebound. Third, shallow bodies of water may gradually be filled in by vegetation that develops floating and grounded mats - thus terrestrializing the former aquatic habitat. Both lake chemistry and morphometry as well as species of plants in the local area influence the rates and vegetative succession. Fourth, peat may form and be deposited on shallow basins once occupied by extinct Early Holocene lakes. These former lake basins, lined with vegetated impervious lake clays, provide hydrologically suitable sites for subsequent peat development.
Across the boreal zone, peatland initiation appears to be extremely sensitive to climatic controls. For example, in oceanic areas, peatlands often initiated soon after glacial retreat some 10 000-12 000 years ago. Many of these oceanic peatlands began as bogs and have maintained bog vegetation throughout their entire development. In more continental conditions, most peatlands were largely initiated through paludification. In areas where the bedrock is acidic, most of these early peatlands were poor fens, whereas in areas where soils are base rich and alkaline,

================



======= Instance Index 29 =========
Input Text: A strawberry is in zero way a true berry because it

Which is the correct answer?
- has seeds outside the flesh, unlike the blueberry
- is unable to spread its seed
- is a different color than other berries
- is too wet inside

Target Text: has seeds outside the flesh, unlike the blueberry

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 30.289371
Retrieved Text: Berry Bomb, by VGOD Eliquids, delivers true sensory elicitation of zesty red ripened strawberries wrapped in a deliciously soft and sour strawberry belt candy. Full of flavor with every nibble, the foreground is vibrantly seeping with strawberry fruitiness mixed with the perfect amount of tart sourness midway through inhalation. A candied strawberry flavor is achieved for the finish, but the sugariness is not overwhelming. Berry Bomb is super smooth, erupting with fruity tart sweetness that makes it absolutely refreshing at every pull. Blast your taste buds with a bottle of VGOD’s Berry Bomb Sour Strawberry Belt today!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 29.847742
Retrieved Text: About two months ago, we put some strawberry plants into our garden. I have one son (nicknamed Face), who seems to be a lot more excited about that little patch of earth than any other part of our humble plot of garden space. He just loves strawberries. It's been interesting hearing the daily report on the berries. It's been beautiful to watch his new expressions as each new blossom has come and his frustration when the flowers didn't lead to fruit. I've seen him out in the berry corner with the sprinkler on the lowest setting at the end of the water hose. He's patiently held that sprinkler over each little plant. One day in particular, his big brother (in true big brother fashion) saw him with the hose in that delicate, vulnerable state, and turned the water up full power. Yes. It was a dramatic, traumatic, and embarrassing experience for a kid who just wanted to water his little plants. Sometimes I get to deal with brothers being stinkers-for-brothers. Sometimes.
Sometimes I also get to see the miracle of forgiveness. Right after that unfortunate big brother water bath...little brother found this. His first strawberry. Gleefully it was picked and I was on the spot with my camera. It was epic!
Guess who he split the berry with? He took that berry and tenderly washed it in the cool water of the hose. Then...he walked it over to his brother. They ran inside, cut the berry in half and blissfully relished each little nibble. Face stopped eating .

########
Rank: 2
Score: 29.337624
Retrieved Text: The delicious heart shaped fruit is the main ingredient of celebration with the 2015 California Strawberry Festival getting underway the weekend of May 16 and 17, 2015 at Strawberry Meadows of College Park in Oxnard (3250 S. Rose Avenue). Ranking among the top Festivals in the entire nation, the fruitful fete boasts lip-smacking strawberries every way imaginable, featuring all day fun for the entire family with concert performances, more than 200 Fine Arts & Crafts booths, the Strawberry Promenade with celebrity cooking demonstrations, Strawberryland For Kids featuring rides and attractions, gooey contests, special appearances, and more, on 15 scenic acres of parkland.
An estimated 1.5 million strawberries will be consumed over the weekend. With 50 food booths where berries abound, the fruit that wears its seeds on the outside is served in a bevy of berry delicious forms. If you haven’t had strawberry pizza alongside a strawberry beer, you haven’t been to the Festival. Or perhaps the strawberry nachos are more you style. Oh, did we mention strawberry funnel cake, strawberry crepes, chocolate dipped strawberries, fried strawberries, the “build your own” strawberry shortcake tent, or even strawberry popcorn?
Indulge guilt free, because with each bite the non-profit food booths reap 100% of sales for their causes. The formula has proven to be a fruitful enterprise. Over the past three decades more than $4,000,000 has benefitted a multitude of southland charities.
Serving up wholesome family fun, where else can you throw berries at your best friend in the Tart Toss Contest, or eat a strawberry pie by literally putting your

########
Rank: 3
Score: 29.03174
Retrieved Text: I mostly hear good things about the berry, But people either rave about the chocolate, or say terrible things about it. I have chocolate and berry in my next order. I would like to hear your experiences with these two so I can know if I should get more chocolate or more berry. Currently, I am set up to get more chocolate. Also, have you tried putting the caramel flavor boost in the chocolate?
Chocolate grows on you… When I first got mine I was in love ! After a week I was wishing for my vanilla again. For me its a nice change, I do 100% huel 5 days a week. I keep a bag of chocolate around to mix thing up.
Wish they had RTD chocolate!
I actually liked the chocolate better than the berry, but the taste of both is too weird for me. Berry reminds me of kid’s breakfast cereal. Chocolate is like licking the bowl after mixing a chocolate cake. I will stick with the vanilla, with a little instant coffee.
Both of those taste sounds good to me. I love children’s breakfast cereal like Froot Loops and tricks, and I also like licking the bowl after I eat chocolate cake or after I make it.
I’m enjoying 1 part each of chocolate, berry, and vanilla. Reminds me of a slightly less sweet version of Neapolitan ice cream.
I just got my order the other day that had my bag of chocolate and bag of berry to try. I was more skeptical about the chocolate flavor because

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.288933
Retrieved Text: Cascade Ice comes in 30 great tasting flavors and the water used is sodium free, caffeine free, gluten free flavored sparkling water with a clean crisp, delicious taste. I was sent 5 varieties to try Lemonade, Orange Mango, Wild Berry, Pink Grapefruit and Kiwi Strawberry. For Cinco De Mayo or Summer entertaining you can make some great drinks using Cascade Ice.
Add 1 1/2 cups of ice and 1 1/2 cups frozen strawberries into your blender. Pour in 8oz Cascade Ice Zero-Calorie Wild Berry Sparking Water and your choice of rum. Blend until smooth. Pour into a chilled glass and garnish with fresh fruit.
My Opinion: I like this better than other diet drinks that I have tried my favorite is Wild Berry but they are all good.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.117195
Retrieved Text: ‘Tis the season for winter fun in these berry cool Strawberry Shortcake episodes. A fun-filled playtime is interrupted when someone notices that the squirrels are low on supplies in “The Berry Long Winter.” Blueberry’s success with her own specially designed ice skates have the other girls feeling left out in “The Big Freeze.” And Raspberry’s spring fashion show plans are put “On Ice” when cold weather and an out-of-control fountain covers the catwalk in fruit-colored ice. Join Strawberry and her berry best friends as they discover working with others ensures a Snowberry good time for everyone.
Timed to the release of Snowberry Days, Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment will release 9 one-of-a-kind, limited edition puzzle faceplates in celebration of the 35th Anniversary. Capitalizing on this iconic Franchise, these faceplates will be available for the first time ever to consumers to purchase and share. Titles include: Berry Bitty Mysteries; Berry Friends Forever; Jammin with Cherry Jam; Bloomin Berry Garden; Bright Light, Big Dreams; Puttin on the Glitz; Glimmerberry Ball; Berryfest Princess Movie; and Sky’s the Limit Movie - Collect them all!
I would like to win the DVD for my granddaughter, she's a big fan.
This is a sweet DVD I'd like for our family.
I would like to win because my daughter loves Strawberry Shortcake. Thanks for having the giveaway.
I'm daughter would love this.
This would make an adorable Valentine's Day gift for my niece!
My daughter would love this for Valentine's Day. She loves Strawberry Shortcake.
Fun times with the kids, or the kids could watch this and I could get something

########
Rank: 6
Score: 27.043732
Retrieved Text: Like the mix berries or any berry flavors, strawberries just naturally goes well with cheese. If you’re a strawberry and cheese lover, this is a perfect match made in the kitchen. True story.
Be the first to review “Strawberry Cheese Cake” Click here to cancel reply.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 26.886993
Retrieved Text: You're probably familiar with Plum Organics' line of certified organic foods for babies and young toddlers -- but now the company is appealing to a wider age group of children with their brand new line of snacks geared especially for older kids. The entire new Plum Kids line is certified organic and the snacks are perfectly sized and packaged for lunch boxes, after school treats or anytime snacking. Keep reading to see the new offerings in Plum Kids product collection.
Crunch‘ola are yummy bite-sized granola clusters of nutrition made with four hearty whole grains including Millet, Quinoa, Brown Rice and Oats. These certified organic snacks contain 3 grams of fiber per serving and zero high fructose corn syrup, trans fats, artificial flavors or preservatives. Three flavors including choco chipster, apple and peanutty pretzel are available in 100% BPA-free packages.
Grammy Sammy snacks are soft baked graham bars filled with organic yogurt in various flavors (vanilla, banana, strawberry). Each individually wrapped bar is packed in BPA-free packaging and made with nourishing ingredients like whole grains, and organic fruit and yogurt, plus have no added trans fats, high fructose corn syrup, artificial flavors or preservatives.
Jammy Sammy is a snack size twist on the old PB&J. Made with certified organic ingredients, whole grains and real fruit, this is a healthy nourishing snack for kids. Comes in 100% BPA-free packaging in a recycled box and available in four fun flavors including apple cinnamon, blueberry, grape jelly and peanut butter and strawberry jam and peanut butter.
Plum Kids Mashups come in various choices, including

########
Rank: 8
Score: 26.817308
Retrieved Text: ‘Tis the season for winter fun in these berry cool Strawberry Shortcake episodes. A fun-filled playtime is interrupted when someone notices that the squirrels are low on supplies in “The Berry Long Winter.” Blueberry’s success with her own specially designed ice skates have the other girls feeling left out in “The Big Freeze.” And Raspberry’s spring fashion show plans are put “On Ice” when cold weather and an out-of-control fountain covers the catwalk fruit-colored ice. Join Strawberry and her berry best friends as they discover working with others ensures a Snowberry good time for everyone.
My daughter and I love Strawberry Shortcake and her friends. We are very excited to see this new DVD.
Print out Strawberry Shortcake Snowberry Days! Such a great way to celebrate the new DVD.
Disclaimer: I will receive a complimentary copy of the DVD for my honest opinion. No monetary compensation was offered.
The title character - Strawberry Shortcake - is our favorite character in the series.
Strawberry Shortcake is our fave!
Strawberry Shortcake was always my favorite.
Strawberry Shortcake is my favorite.
My daughter loved Strawberry Shortcake the most. Now her little girl loves Blueberry Muffin.
Strawberry Shortcake is my favorite. My sister had a Strawberry Shortcake dolls when we we were kids, and her hair smelled like strawberries.
Plum Pudding is my favorite.
Strawberry Shortcake is my fave... Tyhanks fir the chance!!!
I would have to say Strawberry is the favorite around here.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 26.707682
Retrieved Text: If you're taking a break from alcohol this month, we've got some bubbly and energizing beverages to keep you from missing the booze.
The beloved bubbly company’s new line of sparkling water is exactly what you need to ensure you don’t get bored with your drinks this month. Not only are they widely refreshing, but the Mediterranean flavors, Tangerine and Wild Strawberry (our favorite), Dark Morello Cherry and Pomegranate, and Lemon and Lemon Zest are all zero calories.
Buy It! $21 (for pack of 24), target.com.
Instead of drinking a glass of wine to unwind before bed, sip on this supplement thirty minutes before you’re ready to snooze and you’ll be lulled to a better night’s sleep. The formula includes active ingredients like Magnesium and vitamin B6, which provide your body with nutritional support for healthy sleep patterns, while L-Theanine and GABA help promote relaxation. The addition of melatonin also helps you maintain a normal sleep cycle throughout the night. Available in both regular and sugar-free.
Skipping the champagne but still want something bubbly? This line of sparkling waters packs a whole lot of flavor without any added sugar.
Buy It! Spindrift, $11 for 4 cans; amazon.com.
Kombucha has become a favorite for an alcohol replacement because it has a fun fizzy taste without any of the negative side effects. This probiotic-packed tea comes in four flavors: berry, peach, ginger and green.
Looking for an afternoon pick-me-up but can’t attend happy hour? This concentrated cold brew is super smooth and a little goes a long way.
Buy It! $15 for 32 oz., amazon.com.
If you’re

########
Rank: 10
Score: 26.695395
Retrieved Text: I am looking for heart strawberry seeds for zone 6. Do you have any recommendations?
Strawberries do not bear true to seed. If you plant seeds you will have new strawberry varieties just like your children are different from you.
Strawberry varieties are propagated by runners and daughter plants from the original plant.
Thank you for your response. Do you have a recommendation of where to buy hardy plants? Preferably on line and what month would be good.
How many plants do you want to buy? We generally plant strawberries in the spring. Order now and they will ship to you when it is time to plant.
Krohne's and Daisy Farms are Michigan farms that grow strawberry plants.
Indiana Berry sells plants for commercial growers and homeowners.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 26.631868
Retrieved Text: "Sweet, soft strawberry sorbet that will rival any brand bought in the grocery store. Not being able to find the perfect recipe, I made up my own! Most homemade sorbets resemble an icy slushie, but this one is thickened before freezing, yielding a melt-in-your-mouth treat that will please even the pickiest sorbet lover! Dually great because it can be made in an ice cream freezer, or in your regular freezer."
Place berries in the work bowl of a food processor and puree until smooth. Combine berry puree, sugar, and salt in a large saucepan. Heat until melted and just simmering. Whisk cornstarch into the cold water; stir into heated berry mixture. Remove from heat, and stir in lemon juice. Cool slightly. Refrigerate berry mixture until cold, about 2 hours.
To freeze this sorbet without an ice cream maker; pour strawberry mixture into a shallow dish, place dish in freezer, stir occasionally until sorbet reaches desired consistency.
meh. It was more like frozen jelly than a sorbet to me. Overly sweet - and the texture was off... love the idea of this recipe, but it just didn't fly for me.
This was a great way to use up some almost too ripe strawberries. The sorbet was very silky and smooth for the first day and is fairly smooth even 3 days later. I will definitely make this again.
Such an easy recipe and so good. Good daiquiri base as well!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 26.62085
Retrieved Text: Bangalore, July 15, 2018: While the monsoon sets in, treat yourself to some soft and crunchy waffles and other sweet variants at Bubblewrap Waffles Co.’s ‘Bubble Berry Fest’ from July 12 to July 18, 2018, at the outlet in Jayanagar, Bangalore. Indulge in the 4 new house-special Berry flavored waffles, sundaes, and milkshakes among others! Take your taste buds on a berry trip like never before this season.
Like it caramel and crunchy? Then try the all-new Caramel Delight which is original waffle with caramel sauce, white chocolate, strawberry, butterscotch, biscuit crumbs and whipped cream. For those who prefer it with chocolate then try Choco-berry that comprises original waffle, dark chocolate, strawberry, vanilla served with whipped cream. Prefer something light and creamy? Try your hands on Sweet Fantasy that is a mix of original waffle, thick caramel, white sauce, strawberry, banana, butterscotch and whipped cream. If that’s not enough- how about some - Snow Berry? A white fantasy that includes original waffle, milkmaid, strawberry, vanilla with sprinkles and whipped cream. These four new variants have been specially introduced for the Bubble Berry Festival amongst others!
If your taste buds are not satiated yet then choose from a range of other Bubblewrap and other waffles like Berry Blitz, Strawberry Cheese Cake, Love Struck and Fruit explosion to name a few also try the stick waffle -Very Berry and Strewberry fields amongst Sundaes. This monsoon keep yourself berry-fully hydrated with the Milkshake varients like Passionfruit delight, Berry Bubblegum, Strawberry surprise, Exotic blueberry and Berry berry good among others.
There’s nothing as

########
Rank: 13
Score: 26.51226
Retrieved Text: I can never get enough berries during summer! These are 25 of the Best Berry Recipes to satisfy your cravings and help you make the most out of all that gorgeous produce!
There’s nothing I love more during the summer months than recipes loaded with fresh berries…well maybe grilling is a close second. From an easy berry smoothie recipe to my family’s favorite raspberry syrup for pancakes, there isn’t a berry we don’t love. Today we’re sharing 25 of the Best Berry Recipes to celebrate summer! These recipes are sure to please and leave you wanting summer to last all year long.
Blackberries are a must have at my house in the summer, and they’re incredibly delicious in these recipes!
The Belmont Bramble – Great for cocktail parties or sipping on the porch!
Easy Blackberries & Cream Stuffed French Toast – One of my favorite indulgent breakfasts!
Blackberry Cheesecake Brownie Bars – I’m completely obsessed with these bars!
Blackberry Hand Pies – Grab and go dessert? Yes, please!
Vanilla Glazed Blackberry Cheese Danish Braid – The best way to start the day!
Who doesn’t love blueberries?! They’re fabulous in everything from muffins to lemonade!
Blueberry Lemon Cream Cheese Muffins – The best blueberry muffin you’ll ever eat!
Blueberry Pie Bars – Bursting with berry flavor!
Oven-Baked Blueberry Pancake – Easy to make and always a hit with the kids!
Blueberry Basil Lemonade – Refreshing and delicious!
Blueberry Frozen Yogurt – One of my favorite ways to cool off on a hot day!
These berry recipes are a must make for anyone that loves the tart burst of flavor from a

########
Rank: 14
Score: 26.477962
Retrieved Text: Mentos launches Sour Mix Roll. The next flavour instalment from Mentos which includes four sour flavours -­ Strawberry, Grape, Pineapple and Lime.
Mentos launches Mentos NOWmints the “next generation in mints”. Mentos NOWmints is a zero sugar mint in a slimline tin that promises to deliver fresh breath. Available in 4 great flavours Freshmint, Spearmint, Strawberry and Orange, the perfect way to #UpdateYourMints.
Mentos Gum launches Mentos Pure White Sugarfree Gum in a tin. Mentos Pure White Sugarfree gum promises to helps keep teeth naturally white.
Mentos launches Incredible Chew. A unique chewing experience with delicious true to fruit flavours. Available in Strawberry and Grape Flavour. Mentos Incredible Chew contains No artificial colours.
Mentos Gum launches a new range – Mentos Pure Fresh sugar free gum!
Mentos Pure Fresh sugar free gum with green tea extract delivers pure breath confidence anytime, anywhere! Available in a wide range of pack formats to suit any occasion!
Mentos 3D sugar free gum is launched in Australia. New technology has allowed Mentos to develop a 3 layered Gum! The flavour combinations include Strawberry/Green Apple/Raspberry, Watermelon/Pineapple/Melon and Triple Fresh Mint!
Mentos Candy launches Rainbow roll. This new roll contains 7 of the most popular fruity flavours! New technology allows Mentos to position each flavour so that you know what comes next and you are guaranteed 2 of each flavour!!!
Mentos Aqua Kiss sugar free gum is launched in a trendy and slim line convenient pack. The single layered Mint varieties of Alaskan (Peppermint) and Pacific (Spearmint) provide ultimate freshness while the unique 2 layered Acai Berry/Watermelon product delivers a

########
Rank: 15
Score: 26.43071
Retrieved Text: Acai & Dragon Fruit - Dr. Juice - Live a Healthy Life!
We are honored to have served thousands upon thousands of guests our Acai and Dragon Fruit bowls!
The Acai we use is unsweetened and contains zero grams of sugar.
The sweetness you experience comes from the banana and raw honey which comes from a local farm just north of Key West.
The Almond na Tigela Bowl is an incredibly delicious Acai bowl that is topped off with granola, coconut flakes, almond butter, banana, strawberry, a second layer of granola and raw honey. This is the most popular Acai bowl!
Do you love chocolate? The Cacao Berry Bowl is definitely your go to! Topped off with granola, coconut flakes, Cacao Powder, Cacao Nibs, banana, strawberry, a second layer of granola and raw honey. Cacao Powder is the raw form of pure Chocolate filled with Antioxidants and it is known to give increased natural energy.
With a deep pink color Dragon Fruit, also known as Pitaya, is considered a Superfood with tremendous health benefits. The Dragon Fruit bowl is topped off with granola, coconut flakes, banana, strawberry, a second layer of granola and raw honey.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 26.40109
Retrieved Text: The strawberry industry ended a long good-bye to methyl bromide in 2016. The fumigant had been used for decades to kill a wide range of soil-borne pathogens, weed seeds and insects, permitting the California strawberry industry to flourish. Scientists determined it was an ozone-depleting chemical in 1991, but its phase-out was delayed for years because of lack of equally effective alternatives.
Strawberry farmers now use a combination of approaches, including fumigation with other chemicals, soil oxygen deprivation, biofumigants, and beneficial microbes that improve soil biology. A greater arsenal is needed.
Part of the strawberry field at Manzanita Berry Farms near Santa Maria where UCCE advisor Surandra Dara conducts trials on biologicals and other potential remedies for soil borne diseases, weeds and insects.
Nearly 200 pest control advisors, farmers and allied industry representatives attended the UCCE Strawberry Field Day in May.
Dara conducts research and advises strawberry and vegetable growers in the Central Coast counties of San Luis Obispo and Santa Barbara. Each year he holds a field day that attracts nearly 200 farmers, pest control advisers and representatives of allied industries to Manzanita Berry Farms outside Santa Maria. The agenda for the May 9 event included preliminary results of trials studying a number of commercially available and soon-to-be available biological and synthetic amendments to improve strawberry plant health, berry quality and yield.
Dave Peck of Manzanita Berry Farms presents research results at the UC Cooperative Extension Strawberry Field Day.
Dara was ill, so Manzanita Farm owner Dave Peck reviewed the handout prepared by Dara for the field day. Manzanita Farms is one

########
Rank: 17
Score: 26.364021
Retrieved Text: Besides blaming the snowy mess of a weather that plagued Boston this week (which further deterred my interest in leaving my apartment to go gym-ing), I blame myself. With my Type-A, perfectionist, get-it-done personality, I don't know how I slipped up so badly. How did I manage 2 years of working 100 hour weeks, but can't muster enough resistance to eating a second key lime pie tart??? What a disappointment!
BUT, although I hate losing (well, technically gaining in this case), I am also more motivated than ever to do better this upcoming week. So for this week's tip, I'm going to share with you the one good-for-you item I ate: the Panera Bread Low Fat Smoothie!
As you all may know of my love of morning smoothies, I actually had two of these babies this week. Since I didn't get the chance to hit up Shaw's for my berries, I settled for the next best thing -- Panera's Wild Berry Smoothie! Made with a wildberry fruit base, blueberry and raspberry juices, and vanilla yogurt from the perennially-tanned Gary Hirshberg's Stonyfield Farm, the Wild Berry smoothie only has 300 calories and does not contain high fructose syrup. Rich, creamy, and clean tasting -- I totally felt satisfied after drinking one in the morning. (Now if only the dessert tray didn't show up in the afternoons!). The Wild Berry is the new kid on the block, joining Panera's other smoothie flavors of Strawberry, Black Cherry, and (my former favorite) Mango.
With a little more smoothie in my life (and a

########
Rank: 18
Score: 26.258492
Retrieved Text: The Strawberry Shortcake: Follow Your Own Berry Beat live theatrical show is coming to Toronto on Sunday February 17th, 2013! It will be staged at the Sony Centre for the Performing Arts, and special guests Doodlebops Live will be making an appearance! Not in the Toronto area? Here's the list of Tour Dates and show locations.
If your child loves Strawberry Shortcake, do not miss this show! This is an all-new musical production by Koba Entertainment starring Strawberry Shortcake and her berry best friends Lemon Meringue, Orange Blossom, Raspberry Torte, Blueberry Muffin, Cherry Jam and Plum Pudding! Together they show that little girls can do berry big things!
This musical adventure takes place in the whimsical land of Berry Bitty City where the whole town is buzzing in anticipation of the Glitzy Glaze Talent Show! Watch Strawberry Shortcake and the girls as they each prepare to step into the spotlight.
But first, the Doodlebops take the stage, getting the audience singing and dancing! Join siblings Rooney, Moe and Dee Dee Doodle in a great live concert performance. Doodlebops Live is the opening act for Strawberry Shortcake: Follow Your Berry Own Beat!
This must-see theatrical production is based upon the hit CGI-animated preschool television programme: Strawberry Shortcake’s Berry Bitty Adventures. It also draws on the success of the Doodlebops’ popular tv series.
For more information, visit the Strawberry Shortcake Tour Website.
Click here to Buy Tickets or see Tour Dates here.
Congratulations to Courtney F. & Sarah P!
WIN 1 of 2 Strawberry Shortcake Prize Packs (Canada & USA)! Each prize pack consists one Strawberry

########
Rank: 19
Score: 26.246195
Retrieved Text: What’s the first fruit-flavored sweet that comes to mind? If you said Skittles®, CandyWarehouse.com is the place for you. We carry one of the largest online selections of Skittles® candy, so you can enjoy every flavor of the rainbow while staying true to your wallet. Our selection includes all the signature collections you crave during the day: original, tropical, wild berry, sour, sweet and sour, and so much more! Planning a party? Get a head start on party planning and decorating by choosing the right candy Skittles® collection for your theme. Each signature collection includes an array of colors to suit any occasion worth celebrating. Every occasion worth celebrating just needs a bit of candy to make the good times even sweeter. Browse our inventory today!
Treat your taste buds to paradise by trying the tropical blend and let the banana berry, kiwi lime, mango tangelo, pineapple passion fruit, and strawberry starfruit flavors wash over you. Take a walk on the wild side with raspberry, wild cherry, strawberry, berry punch, and melon in berry in, you guessed it, the wild berry collection. Searching for something seriously sour and tangy? Every sour medley includes staples such as grape, green apple, lemon, orange, and strawberry to hold your hunger at bay. They may call it "share size," but we’ll keep your little secret if you decide to keep them all to yourself. Sharing your favorite candy Skittles® is tough, especially when you have original and sour flavors to choose from. Each share size pack we offer includes four to

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.242308
Retrieved Text: A fresh take on Strawberries and Cream, this flavor is made up of a creamy and smooth Vanilla Ice Cream base blended with sweet and ripe Strawberries.
Charlie’s Chalk Dust Black Label Slam Berry 60ML is one of the most popular flavors of e-liquid in the Chalk Dust line. Part of the illustrious Black Label line, this flavor is more of a sweet juice and offers a smooth and creamy experience. Slam Berry features an Ice-Cream appeal whipped with deliciously ripe and sweet Strawberries. Just like enjoying a fresh made Strawberry sundae made with silky milk and blended to a perfect consistency. This way, users can experience a fruity taste with a twist of a creamy and flawless delivery. While some flavors offer a mirage of mixtures and combos, Slam Berry is a simple and more direct flavor option.
Inhaling feels just like drinking a delicious Strawberry milkshake, first your taste buds feel the creaminess of the milk and then the Strawberry flavor takes over and cloaks the whole thing in a layer of red deliciousness. As the flavor mixes around, the Strawberry notes pop through more and more and intensify, and then the exhale cools everything down again and brings back that smooth milky flavor. Such a perfect blend and a perfect way to feel like you’ve just enjoyed your favorite dessert. Charlie’s Chalk Dust Black Label Slam Berry 60ML can be used with all mods and comes in three different nicotine levels for you to choose from.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.101383
Retrieved Text: Welcome to my Berry Berry Berry Strawberry Shortcake Images web site. Providing images for Cases and MyLeague tourney pages, with "FREE" remote linking. If you are looking for images for your personal website, please do not link back to these here.
All Strawberry Shortcake� and related trademarks are federally registered trademarks of Those Characters From Cleveland ("TCFC"), an American Greetings Company. This site is in no way associated with American Greetings Company or Kenner in any way, shape or form either implied or otherwise. These graphics are to be used for personal web sites only.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.077581
Retrieved Text: After you’ve filled up on strawberries here, make sure you take a flat home with you for your friends and neighbors to enjoy.
A serving of yellow cake topped with a heaping spoonful of delicious Plant City strawberries and a dollop of whipped topping to finish it off.
Make your own shortcake, and personalize it to include more of what you like most! Choose from yellow cake or a biscuit, and top it with as many juicy strawberries and as much whipped topping as your heart desires.
Your red cup rolled in Fruity Pebbles will be filled with quite a process! A creamy strawberry milkshake is topped with a strawberry cupcake and sponge cake. Those sweet treats are then topped with fresh whipped cream, more strawberries and a strawberry lollipop.
Made with fresh strawberries, milk and maybe a little sugar, it’s the best way to cool off during a warm Festival day.
The strawberries at both the Chocolate Strawberry Express and Mavric’s Chocolate Barn are carefully dipped by folks in the same family. They will prepare for you one of the most simple, yet delicious ways to enjoy the strawberry.
Made with sweet, Plant City strawberries.
Carousel Hamburgers – Far Northeast corner of Festival grounds – A juicy hamburger patty fried on a griddle, topped with strawberry mayonnaise, strawberry relish and all the other trimmings, and sandwiched between two sweet strawberry donuts.
Everyone’s favorite dessert with the most delicious topping!
The most simple way to enjoy the pure sweetness of the berry.
The folks at Johnson’s cook like Grandma does at home, so you can be

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.024174
Retrieved Text: Monday Myth Buster- Do Strawberries Whiten Your Teeth?
We are fast approaching Strawberry season and this week's Monday myth buster is all about our favourite fruit.
You have probably heard in some form or another that strawberries can whiten your teeth. Could it be true that this famous Scottish berry could help give us shiny pearly whites?
This myth is in fact TRUE!
Yes, it is true that strawberries can whiten your teeth this is due to the enzyme malic acid.
Malic acid has lots of fantastic benefits it has antiseptic properties which are great for oral health. In fact, malic acid is so good for us that many people take it as a supplement to increase their overall health. More importantly to today’s myth, It can help break down stains on the teeth, therefore, improving the overall whiteness and appearance.
However, be warned the very same malic acid can erode the teeth and having large amounts can be harmful to tooth enamel.
For a safe effective way to whiten teeth why not try our professional whitening kit? Check it our here.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.022057
Retrieved Text: Upper Union Street Strawberry Fest Returns on June 18!
Upper Union Street, Schenectady’s 5th Annual Strawberry Fest & Art Show is a feast for berry lovers of all ages on Saturday, June 18 from 10am – 3pm. A wide range of “berry good” menu items (sorry- I’m just copying from the press release!) at Upper Union Street’s wide range of restaurants and retail stores include both Italian- and American-style strawberry shortcake, chocolate covered strawberries, strawberry pie, strawberry rhubarb pie, strawberry jam, “berry” tea (the tea expert at Divinitea says strawberries just don’t cut it in tea), strawberry gelato, strawberry cobbler, angel food cake with berries, strawberry lemonade, and strawberry tarts.
There will be lots of tasting samples, too – strawberry salsa, bagels with strawberry cream cheese, strawberry ice, and (for your four-legged barking friends) strawberry shaped dog biscuits.
If you don’t care for strawberries, you can still get a taste of some great food along Upper Union Street: several Italian restaurants, an Irish Pub, a Jewish Deli, California style burritos, several Asian restaurants (including Mr. Wasabi, with Japanese preparations), and standard American fare.
Admission is free, as is parking. More information at www.upperunionbid.org or on their Facebook page.
Previous Previous post: Schenectady is Brewing Again!
It was a pleasure meeting you, too!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.988869
Retrieved Text: The classic rum daiquiri is a favorite cocktail and the most popular variation of it is the strawberry daiquiri. It's a drink that you can enjoy either frozen or shaken and when made with fresh strawberries it is one of the best drinks for spring and summer.
Most often, the strawberry daiquiri is served as a boozy, fresh fruit smoothie. When the temperatures begin to rise, few sounds are as soothing as the blender whipping up a fresh batch of daiquiris. You just know something great is in your future.
Though the blended version is more common, the shaken strawberry daiquiri is just as delicious and it's a little easier. Everything we love about this tropical drink is included—rum, lime, and fresh strawberries—there's simply no need to drag out the blender.
Whether you blend it or shake it, a made from scratch strawberry daiquiri is sweet and refreshing. It's the perfect cocktail to cool down with on the hottest of days.
Blend well at high speed until smooth.
Pour into a chilled collins or margarita glass.
Feel free to use either fresh or frozen strawberries for this cocktail. If you are making a frozen daiquiri, the frozen strawberries may be more appealing to work with, since they are already cold.
If your drink is too thin, add a little more ice and blend again. Too thick? Add a splash of liquid and blend.
Everyone has their own personal take on the strawberry daiquiri and both of these recipes are very basic and meant to be played with. Add your own personal spin by choosing

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.981827
Retrieved Text: Strawberry Shortcake's Berry Bitty Adventures is an American/French/Canadian computer-animated television series the 2009 relaunch of Strawberry Shortcake and it is the remake of the previous Strawberry Shortcake series. The series, produced by MoonScoop Group, Cookie Jar Entertainment, Iconix Brand Group, Splash Entertainment and American Greetings, follows the adventures of Strawberry and her friends who live in Berry Bitty City.
Mr Longface: From your Berry own Bitty City, The Berry Bitty City Dancers.
This page was last edited on 1 January 2019, at 22:40.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.780912
Retrieved Text: "Contrary to the belief of many, strawberries are not true berries, it is fragaria, as to eggplant, eggplant is not a vegetable but a berry."
I went to Benguet, a province in the Philippines mostly mountainous, to find interesting stories and. As I observe the place especially in Baguio, the commercial hub of northern Luzon island, I noticed these fragaria fruits. I suddenly got an idea in mind. I just hope my readers will appreciate this blog post. Anyway, it is not quite easy to make story from a simple thing especially when your topic is only about a fruit [hmmm?]. There can be some resources but as much as possible, I want to make my story as original as it could be.
For the love of Fragaria Fruits!
I am not telling that all the information I am feeding here like the history of a place came from me.
No, that's an exception. Sometimes, when your article is about facts, you have to research and validate it.
What I am referring when I say that I want to be original is that, I must formulate my own sway on how I will deliver the concept of the story in a manner that it is only me who can bring. Anyway, we are going too far and the things get complicated... Let's go back to fragaria. Haha!
In a park in Baguio City called Mines View Park, one of the most popular tourist destinations in Baguio where you can view the beautiful mountains of Baguio [I can't see any mining, huh], there

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.681046
Retrieved Text: Did you know your Allen Tate Realtors are constantly learning and growing to better meet your needs? 🏡I am grateful for Thursday morning skill development.
🏝🏔 NEW FLAVORS 🗻🏖. Thailand Green Cream soda 🍈🍨. Crush cream Soda pink 🍨. PEPSI J-Cola 🌸. Minute Maid Berry Punch 🥊. Japanese Pepsi Zero 0️⃣. Minute Maid Strawberry Kiwi 🥝🍓. #icymos ❄️.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.493027
Retrieved Text: Our media-driven world promotes material possessions as one of the most essential things people should strive for. Most of us know that the really important things in life don�t come with a big price tag. Instead, what gives a person the greatest joy is the love of family and friends, and simple pleasures everyone can enjoy regardless of money.
Today�s reviewed books help demonstrate this to children and can act as a springboard for further discussions.
Read aloud: age 3�4 and older.
Read yourself: age 7�8 and older.
�When I Was Young in the Mountains� is a warm and loving story based on the true experiences of author Cynthia Rylant growing up in Appalachia. Relying on each other and making do with what they could find in the mountains provided the family with all they needed: a sense of belonging, great security and an abundance of love.
Written for younger children, this story teaches us that home is a good place, not because of what you have, but because of those who live there.
Read aloud: age 4�5 and older.
Young Lydia, Mama and Papa are packing their wagon to head west to Oregon. The journey will take months and months, putting far too many miles between Lydia and Grandma.
Lydia hides in the barn, hoping her parents won�t find her so she wouldn�t have to leave Grandma. But when Lydia sees Grandma sitting on the swing, Lydia runs to her and tells her she doesn�t want to leave. Grandma acknowledges Lydia�s sadness, but through gentle reminders of how they will always love and

================



======= Instance Index 30 =========
Input Text: The epidermis is part of

Which is the correct answer?
- is the largest organ and also the body's first defense against germs
- is used the second largest organ and used for breathing by humans
- soaks in toxins in the air
- repels sunlight and UV rays

Target Text: is the largest organ and also the body's first defense against germs

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.769697
Retrieved Text: ❶The outer layer of cells covering an organism, in particular.
Mature leaves in the studied species are hypostomatic Figure 2d and present a unisseriate epidermis , with few tector and secretory trichomes. Origin of the subepidermal tissue in Piper L. Emollients, often called moisturisers have a number of functions; they soften and raise the moisture content within the epidermis , increase the skins resistance to irritation from outside irritants and improve pliability Lorden, M.
The management of dry skin in the elderly. Para el estudio de la epidermis foliar, se tomo aproximadamente 1 [cm. Estudio de la epidermis foliar en algunas especies de Bursera Jacq. Burseraceae y sus implicaciones taxonomicas. The ratio of polar and equatorial diameters on the adaxial epidermis indicated greater functionality in the stomatal control of aperture mechanisms.
In regeneration-competent animals, the newly formed epidermis , which is termed the wound epidermis , is distinguishable from the surrounding epidermis by its thick morphology Santos-Ruiz et al, Mature and juvenile tissue models of regeneration in small fish species. Garrod and his team used chemical cross-linking to study cells of the epidermis and found what they believe to be the principal mechanism by which the glue molecules of desmosomes of skin cells bind to each other.
Cell binding discovery paves way for skin, heart problem treatments. The surface epidermis is frequently ulcerated or crusted, sometimes showing excoriation if the lesion has been manipulated, scratched, or traumatized prior to biopsy figure 1.
Skin basal cell carcinoma. The projection of the epidermis is known as trichomes. In plants,these describe the spines, glands,

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.679548
Retrieved Text: The figures presented here were selected to illustrate aspects of the epidermis and the many types of cells that occur as part of the epidermis. More than many other tissues, the epidermis may be extremely complex in some plants; the epidermis of stems and leaves may differ from that of the roots, of course, but also may differ from the epidermis of sepals, petals, stamens, and carpels. Even the two sides of a single leaf typically differ significantly. Consequently, this chapter is longer than many of the others, with micrographs illustrating a wider diversity of cell types and arrangements.
As in the other chapters, these legends have not been written to be a complete discussion of all aspects of the epidermis, but rather to complement the more complete discussion of the epidermis presented in Chapter104 (pages 167 to 198) in the textbook Plant Anatomy by J. D. Mauseth, published by Cummings & Hathaway.
Click here for a set of links to the micrographs of this chapter.
Epidermal peel, showing ordinary epidermal cells and a stomatal complex.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.137077
Retrieved Text: One of the requests I've received from my readers is how they may make a vitamin C serum, using simple, commonly available kitchen equipment. They don't want to use the gram and milligram units that I …... Rather use the Vitamin C serum during the day, with your day cream and sunscreen over the top. Then use your Lotus Herbal White Glow Night Cream at night. The reason for this is that Vitamin C is quite an unstable ingredient, so may react with your whitening night cream.
Vitamin C is something that is an inherent part of our skin makeup, particularly the dermis and the epidermis layers. It plays a significant role in our skin health owing to its antioxidant properties.... How to make your own vitamin C mask: I recently read an article that suggested a combo of vitamin c and vitamin e oil as a way to fight the signs of aging. I think I'm going to use your mixture with a touch of vitamin e. I will let you know the results. Thanks!
Vitamin C is something that is an inherent part of our skin makeup, particularly the dermis and the epidermis layers. It plays a significant role in our skin health owing to its antioxidant properties. how to plan a library management system gantt chart Vitamin C is something that is an inherent part of our skin makeup, particularly the dermis and the epidermis layers. It plays a significant role in our skin health owing to its antioxidant properties.
Vitamin C is something that is

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.70459
Retrieved Text: Now, you can get a quick payday loans via the Internet easily. Payday loans are small short-term loan amount, ranging from $ 100 to $ 1500. The interest rate is higher than normal. The best thing about payday loans is that anyone can apply; there is no credit check involved. Therefore, even if you have bad credit history or go bankrupt, you can still get a loan.
There are many companies available for online payday loans. Even if you're in a hurry, do proper research to avoid being connected by a fake site. You can get a payday loan on the same day, once approved. With options such as same day no Fax Payday loan, the process becomes faster, because there is no documentation that is involved. You just need to have a valid bank account and work to apply for a loan.
Different companies offer different interest rates. So do proper research to get the best deal. One of the reasons to check interest rates is that, if you want to extend the date of payment and the interest rate is high, then the amount of the additional refund amount piled up you will also be high.
When your loan is approved, the cash directly into your account.
Assurance gets body re injured that result in permanent disability / death against the driver and passenger in a vehicle that is insured if there is any accident that makes the insured death.
Security and medical costs against the driver or passenger in a vehicle that in insure if there is any

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.690342
Retrieved Text: (corium, cutis, true skin), the connective-tissue part of the skin in vertebrates and man, located beneath the epidermis.
The dermis is normally more or less loosely connected to the subjacent organs by loose subcutaneous connective tissue, which is often rich in fatty deposits. The dermis consists of two layers. The surface (papillary, spongy, subepithelial) layer functions mainly to nourish the epidermis and its derivatives (glands, feathers, hairs); it is rich in blood vessels, has a relatively loose structure, and, in some animals, forms papillae that project into the epidermis. The layer beneath it (reticular, compact) constitutes most of the dermis. It consists of solid connective tissue and has mainly a supportive function.
The deep layer of the skin, a dense connective tissue richly supplied with blood vessels, nerves, and sensory organs. Also known as corium; cutis.
Histopathology shows the presence of mature adipocytes in the dermis that mostly lacks any connection with the subcutaneous fat.
En la dermis se observan vasos sanguineos muy enrollados y dilatados.
Thinning of the dermis sees a reduction in blood vessels, nerve endings and collagen.
In the present study five different protocols were used to obtain the acellular dermis from the deepithelialized skin.
To stiffen the dermis, the repetitive compression of 15% strain at the frequency of 1 Hz for 90 s was applied.
Generally, the skin of mammals can be divided into three components: epidermis, dermis, and hypodermis.
Prof Maitz said initial testing of the artificial dermis in mice demonstrated it does not scar and contract when it is transplanted.
The subcutaneous layer, or subcutis, is a layer of fatty

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.657232
Retrieved Text: Epithelium: Stratified squamous keratinized. Atlas of Plant and Animal Histology.
Put the cursor over the mouse to see where the image comes from.
Technique: Haematoxylin-eosin, 8 μm thick sections, paraffin embedding.
Stratified keratinized epithelium is typically observed in the epidermis of land vertebrates, but it is also found in the papillae of the tongue, oral palate and esophagus of some animals eating hard food. The strata of the epidermis can be clearly observed in the image above, which is from thick skin of a mouse.
Stratum basale. Cells in different mitotic phases.
The stratum basale (also known as stratum germinativum) is the inner layer of the epidermis. It is one cell thick and is in contact with the basal lamina. In this stratum, epithelial adult stem cells proliferate and give rise to keratinocytes that will form later the upper layers. In the image on the left, several proliferating cells can be observed in different mitotic phases. In the stratum basale, some cells remain as proliferating cells, whereas other cells start to differentiate, synthesize keratin filaments (types 5 and 14), and migrate to the upper layers. During this travel to the surface, cells become part of the different layers of the epidermis. Actually, each of the epidermal strata is a layer of cells at the same differentiation stage.
The stratum spinosum is the thicker layer of the epidermis. It contains polygonal shaped cells that, as they get closer to the upper layer, become flattened and synthesize new keratin isoforms (types 1 and 10). These cells show cell membrane interdigitations that look like spines

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.52336
Retrieved Text: Skin has very important role for our general health. Disruptions which are happen inside the body such as lever, hearth, unbalance hormone will be showed on the skin.
The principle function of skin is as body protector. Skin is the first barrier against all threat that comes from outside of the body, like bacteria. Langerhan cells which occurs under the epidermis layer is part of the immune system.
Skin also functions as secretions. Sebum produced by the sebum gland was carried out through the skin. Urea content as outcome from body metabolism was removed partly through the skin as sweat.
This secretion function was related with the other function as thermo body regulator. Under the skin, there are lots of nerves. If this nerve stimulated, the stimulation will be continue to the brain so brain will give sensation like hot, cold, pressure, vibration, and pain.
Skin also functions as place to keep water and fat, also syntheses vitamin D.
Because of some factors such as chronic disease, unhealthy food, UV exposure, pollution, smoke, and wrong cosmetics, your skin will be unbalanced. The skin will be dry, thin, wrinkle, spotted and pigmented.
Skin has three layers, epidermis, dermis, and subcutant. Epidermis is the outset layer and has function as protection barrier. This layer was divided into 5 parts and always changes. The top layer will be dead and loose.
Time needed to regenerate from the under layer to the topest layer (stratum corneum) is about 3-4 weeks. In certain disorders such as psoriasis, skin regeneration going so fast so the skin layer is very

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.380762
Retrieved Text: Corona wire epidermal active machine,Bump instrument,Shenzhen OMG Technology Co., Ltd.
The principle of the device is a high frequency high voltage electrode part production, copper wire and corona discharge is generated within the epidermis, the epidermis to activate the wire (PE, PVC, TEFLON, HDPE, LDPE) surface activity, to improve printing a next step, ink and wire epidermal adhesion.
Circuit using insulated gate bipolar transistor IGBT parts so that the electrode terminal to produce high-performance, high-efficiency voltage.
An interlocking means can be safely operated.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.298948
Retrieved Text: The conspicuous phenomenon of small fractions of cortex tissue of fossil Aglaophyton and Ventarura being distinctly seen in Rhynie chert while all the rest has vanished has been ascribed to an enigmatic decay resistance in Part (1). This interpretation contradicts another one proposed earlier [1,2], according to which dissolved silica penetrated into a limited depth below the epidermis of Aglaophyton, preserving a layer of peripheral tissue there while the tissue farther below was left to decay. Close inspection of samples as in Fig.1 provides additional arguments against an interpretation according to which the thickness of the preserved tissue equals the penetration depth of quick silicification, thereby confirming related doubts raised by A. Channing .
Fig.1: Aglaophyton as a "hollow straw" in Rhynie chert: ring of well preserved cortex cells between the poorly preserved epidermis and decayed cortex and phloem.
One related argument follows from the fact that the outermost layer of cells, the epidermis, is often poorly preserved while a few layers below are surprisingly well seen. The epidermis is essentially reduced to a pale structureless ring in Fig.1, except for a patch on the right, where cell walls are vaguely visible. So it becomes obvious that the phenomenon of strongly differential preservation is more complex than thought at first sight: While most often Aglaophyton is silicified rather evenly throughout (see Rhynie Chert News 60, Fig.1), less often it appears as a hollow straw with poorly preserved or missing epidermis. This is illustrated here with a few more pictures taken from other samples.
Figs.2,3: Aglaophyton hollow straw 4mm: well

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.228916
Retrieved Text: The integumentary system is a biological system composed primarily of the skin, but also accessories that grow out of the skin (i.e. hair, scales, and nails). The skin is a vital organ that covers the entire outside of the body, forming a protective barrier against pathogens and injuries from the environment. The skin is the body's largest organ; covering the entire outside of the body, it is about 2 mm thick and weighs approximately six pounds. It shields the body against heat, light, injury, and infection. The skin also helps regulate body temperature, gathers sensory information from the environment, stores water, fat, and vitamin D, and plays a role in the immune system protecting us from disease.
The color, thickness and texture of skin vary over the body. There are two general types of skin; thin and hairy, which is more prevalent on the body, and thick and hairless, which is found on parts of the body that are used heavily and endure a large amount of friction, like the palms of the hands or the soles of the feet.
Basically, the skin is comprised of two layers that cover a third fatty layer. These three layers differ in function, thickness, and strength. The outer layer is called the epidermis; it is a tough protective layer that contains the melanin-producing melanocytes. The second layer (located under the epidermis) is called the dermis; it contains nerve endings, sweat glands, oil glands, and hair follicles. Under these two skin layers is a fatty layer of subcutaneous tissue, known as the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.181267
Retrieved Text: The skin is the largest organ of the body and part of surgical anatomy, ranging in area from 0.25 m2 in the newborn to 1.8 m2 in the adult2. It consists of two layers: the epidermis and the dermis (corium) .The outermost cells of the epidermis are dead cornified cells that act as a tough protective barrier against the environment, including bacterial invasion and chemical exposure. The inner cells of the epidermis are metabolically active, producing compounds like growth factor, which help the ongoing replication process every two weeks. The epidermis contains five layers from bottom to top the layers are named: stratum basale, stratum spinosum, stratum granulosum, stratum licidum stratum corneum. There are three types of specialized cells in the epidermis i) the melanocyte produces pigment (melanin) ii)the Langerhans’ cell is the frontline defense of the immune system in the skin iii) he Merkel’s cell’s function is not clearly known.
The second, thicker layer, the dermis (0.06–0.12 mm), is composed chiefly of fibrous connective tissue. The dermis contains the blood vessels and nerves to the skin and the epithelial appendages of specialized function like sweat glands. The nerve endings that mediate pain are found in the dermis. The dermis is a barrier that prevents loss of body fluids by evaporation and loss of excess body heat. Sweat glands help maintain body temperature by controlling the amount of water that evaporates. The dermis is also interlaced with sensory nerve endings that mediate the sensations of touch, pressure, pain, heat, and cold. This is a protective mechanism that

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.109129
Retrieved Text: After the epidermis is destroyed by surgery, burns, trauma, inflammation, the body start a series of wound healing mechanisms and finally make wound recover, scar is the result of wound healing.
It occurs within one month after injury and always happen in the original site of injury, the main features are red, bulge, and hard scar.
b. Can occur in any part of the body, but area with persistent pressure and continuous stretch by regular exercise is easier to happen.
d. Morbidity: 4.5%-16%, African and Hispanic morbidity is higher, the proportion between male and female is the same.
e. May disappear as time goes by.
result in temporary wound matrix formation.
After the wound matrix forming, proliferation phase begins with a feature that fibroblasts, endothelial cells and keratinocyte migrate to the wound. Keratinocytes start the regeneration of the wound epidermis, of course, with reconstruction of the basal layer of epidermis, endothelial cells reconstruct blood vessel of inflammatory tissue, fibroblast reconstruct collagen of inflammatory tissue.
Collagen network and Proteoglycans are remodeled in this phase. Finally presentation is three basic types of Hypertrophic scars, keloids and atrophic scar.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.095707
Retrieved Text: The skin is made up of three layers: epidermis, dermis and subcutaneous, each with its own important parts.
The layer on the outside is called the epidermis, the part of your skin you can see. Your epidermis is always making new skin cells that rise to the top to replace the old ones on a 28 day cycle.
The epidermis also makes a substance called melanin. Melanin is what gives skin its color. The darker your skin is, the more melanin you have. When you go out into the sun, these cells produce extra melanin to protect you from getting burned by the sun’s ultraviolet, or UV, rays. That’s why your skin gets tan if you spend a lot of time in the sun.
The next layer down is the dermis. You can’t see your dermis because it’s hidden under your epidermis. The dermis contains nerve endings, blood vessels, oil glands, and sweat glands. It also contains collagen and elastin, which are elastin.
The nerve endings in your dermis tell you how things feel when you touch them. They work with your brain and nervous system, so that your brain gets the message about what you’re interacting with.
Tiny dermis blood vessels keep your skin cells healthy by bringing them the oxygen and nutrients they need and by taking away waste.
The dermis oil glands (sebaceous glands) are always producing sebum, your skin’s own natural oil. It rises to the surface of your epidermis to keep your skin lubricated and protected. It also waterproofs your skin.
The third and bottom layer of the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.947863
Retrieved Text: Linear discontinuation of skin is seen in which of the following?
A fissure is a linear loss of continuity of the skin’s surface or mucosa that results from excessive tension or decreased elasticity of the involved tissue. Fissures frequently occur on the palms and soles where the thick stratum corneum is least expandable.
Excoriations are surface excavations of epidermis that result from scratching.
An erosion is a moist, circumscribed, depressed lesion that results from loss of a portion or all of the viable epidermal or mucosal epithelium.
The defect extending to the most superficial part of the dermis may result in pinpoint bleeding in a sieve-like fashion.
An ulcer is a defect in which the epidermis and at least the upper (papillary) dermis have been destroyed.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.847122
Retrieved Text: Your epidermis is the top part of your skin, and your skin is your body's largest and fastest-growing organ. Skin is your body's coat. It protects you. It helps you stay warm when it's cold, and cool when it's hot. Your skin keeps all your insides in, from your heart and lungs to your blood and muscles. And unless it's cut or damaged, it keeps stuff out, including germs and water. You also feel things through the nerves in your skin. The epidermis has special cells that are part of your immune system and help you stay healthy. invis-0-bond technology was specifically designed to improve epidermis health through a prolonged barrier of protection that include nutrients, vitamins and emollients into and onto the skins surface. All dermaglove products are infused and powered by invis-0-bond for the very best daily hygiene regiments and practices.
Skin is a passageway that rids our body of toxins and helps prevent chemical and waste build-up. Clean pores enable your body to expel waste; keeping your pores clean provides a clear exit strategy for all kinds of yucky toxins that accumulate in our bodies. Pores that are congested and blocked with chemicals and pollutants prevent skin from functioning properly and removing toxins. Excellent hygiene aids epidermal shedding, ensuring that your skin can function properly to remove pathogens.
Our oil glands secrete oil that contains bacteria to fight off disease. Harsh chemicals, soaps and skin care products that deplete our bodies’ natural protective oils demolish this natural defense strategy.
Again, healthy skin is the key to

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.319887
Retrieved Text: Human skin is the covering, or integument, of the bodyâs surface which helps provide protection and receive sensory stimuli from the external environment. There are three layers of skin such as epidermis, dermis and subcutis. Epidermis forms an outermost layer that contains the primary protective structure, the stratum corneum. A fibrous layer that supports and strengthens the outermost layer is the dermis. Subcutis is a subcutaneous layer that is present under dermis. It supplies nutrients to the other two layers and covers and insulates the body. A journal is a periodical publication intended to further progress of science, usually by reporting new research. Most journals are highly specialized, although some of the oldest journals publish articles, reviews, editorials, short communications, letters, and scientific papers across a wide range of scientific fields. Journals contain articles that peer reviewed, in an attempt to ensure that articles meet the journal's standards of quality, and scientific validity. Each such journal article becomes part of the permanent scientific record.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.229448
Retrieved Text: less attackable and smoother. This system is more than a inspiration of magnificence, as it takes care of your dermis from the inside out. It comprises strong antioxidants that support shield epidermis from free radical damage. This formulation also helps in stimulating the immune method and preserves its youthful appearance. Plus, it continues moisture or hydration stage of your skin, nourishing it. Eventually, it's you healthful epidermis and blemish-free in an extraordinarily brief time.It's a must to grasp about the part results earlier than consuming any variety of complement. Well, you’ll be completely satisfied to grasp that there are not any part effects associated with this formula. Retinolla Considering the fact that it's not a alleviation, as a consequence, does not require any prescription. However, the formulation is made with all average and potent compounds had been proven in scientific laboratories. In addition, it does not have any preservatives or brought steroids. Accordingly, this supplement is 100% reliable and comfortable to your dermis and wellness as good. So, without giving a 2d inspiration, that you may start with the same walk in the park. Recall to not consume the formula within the wish for quality outcome because it could hostile side results for your overall well being.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.190392
Retrieved Text: Nourish your baby and toddler from head to toe with shampoo, bubble bath, lotion, massage oil, repair balm and nappy cream. Bathing Baby Period - Bathing Products for Your Baby 2 in 1 cleaning lotion for baby and baby, perfect for travelling from birth(1). Schaumshampoo for sensitive neonatal scalp skin, perfect for everyday prevention of the hood, from birth(1). Soft cleaning angel for baby and baby. Organ and scalp cleanser perfect for everyday use from birth(1).
Gently on the head from the first morning * Gently on the head * Gently on the head from the first morning * Gently on the head * Gently on the head from the first morning * Gently on the head * Gently on the head * Gently on the head from the.... Bathing every night is an important part of your baby's time: it not only keeps him healthy, but also supports his sensorial growth. Here are some useful information to learn how to washed your baby without harming your baby's sensitive and unripe baby skins.
Softly bathe your baby's epidermis like a contact with this ultra light baby bath for sensitive skins. Calendula's solar heat and calming properties are combined with silky-sweet marigold oils and biological black seed oils to help avoid dehydration in a truly nutritious mix. Warmer and more seductive on the epidermis, friendly purifying, it is a bath that keeps the epidermis supple, sleek and with the beautiful scent of a naturally pure baby.
Baby Weleda Marigold Care, a proven product line for over 50 years, supports the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.173046
Retrieved Text: Nourishing Liposomal Vita Mask from Yofing is an effective anti-aging product for the skin of the face and neck. It contains vitamins A, C, and E, enclosed in liposomes for deeper penetration into the layers of the epidermis. These vitamins are natural antioxidants: they remove free radicals and toxins from the skin tissues, and they have a significant rejuvenating effect.
Sodium hyaluronate, castor oil, avocado oil, panthenol, and squalane moisturize the epidermis, help regulate the water balance of the skin, and protect against harmful environmental influences.
The oils of wheat germ, sea buckthorn, sweet almonds, and borage; calendula extract; and chamomile water infusion eliminate inflammation, soften the skin, and start the process of rejuvenation in the deep layers of the epidermis. Their active componentsstimulate the growth of healthy cells and the production of collagen and elastin.
Vita Mask offers an outstanding rejuvenating effect. It lifts the facial contours and sagging cheeks; removes mimic wrinkles on the forehead and crow's feet; smooths out the nasolabial folds, as well as wrinkles at the corners of the mouth and on the neck; softens and moisturizes the skin of the face and neck; and makes the texture of the skin more pleasant to the touch. The effect is especially noticeable on thin, dry, and/or flabby skin.
Application: Apply to the skin of the face and neck at night twice a week. Do not apply to the skin around the eyes. It is recommended to use after Stem Cell Serum and Stem Cell Cream as part of this complex therapy.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.12438
Retrieved Text: Melanoma is a form of cancer that attacks melanocytes, found in the lower part of the epidermis (top layer of the skin). Melanocytes make melanin, the pigment that gives skin its natural color. Although cutaneous melanoma (melanoma of the skin) causes the majority of skin cancer related deaths, it is one of the less common types of skin cancer. Melanoma may begin in a mole or normal skin, but can also begin in other pigmented tissues, such as in the eye or in the intestines. Despite several years of extensive laboratory and clinical research, the only effective cure is surgical removal of the primary tumor before it has metastasized.
The earliest stage of melanoma is referred to as melanoma in situ. The tumor cells are confined to the epidermis and have not invaded the underlying skin or metastasized to other organs. If a melanoma in situ is completely excised, the potential for metastasis is eliminated. A special type of melanoma in situ is designated lentigo maligna and is clinically an irregular brown patch on the head and neck of elderly patients. On biopsy, the atypical melanocytes are confined to the epidermis and the underlying tissue has evidence of marked sun damage.
Diameter: moles greater than 5 mm are more likely to be melanomas than smaller moles.
Minimize your exposure to ultraviolet radiation in the form of sunlight and/or tanning beds. Wear protective clothing such as long-sleeved shirts, long trousers, and broad-brimmed hats. Using a sunscreen with an SPF rating of 15 or higher on exposed skin is recommended by

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.079594
Retrieved Text: 1. the lining of the cavity of an anther in a flower.
2. the inner lining of the capsule in mosses.
en`do•the′ci•al (-ʃi əl, -ʃəl) adj.
The primary parietal cells divided repeatedly through periclinal and anticlinal divisions to form the subepidermal endothecium and two middle layers (Fig.
The young anther wall (see Figure 2E), when microspore mother cells are present, consists of a uniseriate epidermis, an endothecium formed by thin cell walls, one middle layer of cells similar to endothecium cells, and one layer of secretory tapetai cells.
From the cross section we see that the anther wall consists of layers from outer to inner: epidermis, endothecium, middle layer and layer of tapetum (Fig.
When orbicules are absent, the locule wall is smooth and endothecium thickenings may be pronounced (Fig.
These crystals were also observed in the sepals, petals, placenta, style, anther connective and endothecium.
2, 3(I-II), the microsporangium wall of sterile anthers consisted of epidermis, endothecium, middle layer, and tapetum.
At the stage of tetrad, the anther wall was composed of epidermis, endothecium and tapetum.
The anther is formed by a unistratified epidermis, and the endothecium is composed of cells, with elongated periclinal cells and irregular wall thickness (Figure 3e-f).
Each microsporangium displays four wall layers (from outside in: epidermis, endothecium, middle layer, and parietal layer), a secretory tapetum and the central male cells.
striata consists of four layers from outer to inner, an epidermis, endothecium, one middle layer and taptum (Fig.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.055897
Retrieved Text: Your skin is a reflection of your inner being. Aside from way of life and genetics, what you eat plays a role in your epidermis health. Eating the right foods will not only enhances your natural attractiveness, it will help minimize wrinkles, acne, inflammation and other epidermis-related conditions. Most people treat their epidermis with chemical-ridden products, but don’t address the root reason, which may lie within. Your best-kept good looks secrets are sitting right there in your grocery store! Be sure to eat nutrition that include these nutrients often, and you’ll reap the benefits of having unattractive, glowing and healthy skin.
These essential fatty acids (EFAs) offer healing benefits in numerous inflammatory conditions such as eczema. Omega-3s also manage overexposure of cortisol levels, which in turn helps keep epidermis supple and guard against wrinkle formation. EFAs are also responsible for epidermis repair, moisture content and overall flexibility. Since the physique doesn’t produce these fatty acids, they must be obtained through your food. Food sources high in omega-3s comprise: walnuts, salmon, mackerel, sardines, flaxseeds, and chia kernels. You can also food with a fish oil pill.
Vitamin A is critical for epidermis repair and maintenance. If you suffer from flaky or dry epidermis, it could be a sign you’re deficient in vitamin A. Beta-carotene, the precursor to vitamin A, is an antioxidant found in brightly colored nutrients. This antioxidant helps to decrease free radical damage that occurs due to epidermis damage caused by sun overexposure. Foods sources high in vitamin A and beta-carotene include: liver, collard vegetation, asparagus, peaches,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.033316
Retrieved Text: Our skin is a complex living system that serves many purposes and for humans, skin is the single largest organ of the integumentary system. Human skin, or mammalian skin, is comprised of two primary layers that act as a vital barrier, protecting our bodies from outside pathogens. The two primary layers of human skin are the dermis and epidermis, which have two very different functions and roles to fulfill.
Epidermis: The epidermis is the outer layer of skin that you feel when touching your own arm. The epidermis layer acts as a protective shield that holds life quenching water in our bodies, protects and hold our inner organs and keeps harmful pathogens out.
Dermis: The dermis layer is located under the epidermis layer. It has several essential functions and roles to fulfill including adding tensile strength and elasticity to skin, supporting hair follicles and nerve endings and it’s also a high-tech supply chain providing vital nutrients to the epidermis. The dermis layer and epidermis layer are separated by a thin layer of “basement membrane” fibers.
Thank you for tuning in to our first blog post about human skin. We look forward to keeping you up to date on the latest industry news. The Portland, Oregon Dermatology Clinic is dedicated to providing the most technologically advanced dermatology in Portland. We understand your needs and we listen to your goals in order to provide the highest level of dermatologic care. Our Portland dermatology clinic upholds the highest standards in customer service, mandatory continued education and board certifications. Thank you for reading

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.939308
Retrieved Text: As a tanner, you have probably always been curious about exactly how your skin tans. The process is really quite simple, and works the same whether you tan indoors or outdoors.
Ultraviolet light is the catalyst, and a pigment in your skin called melanin does the rest.
Tanning takes place in the skin's outermost layer, the epidermis. About five percent of the cells in your epidermis are special cells called melanocytes. When exposed to ultraviolet B light (short wave ultraviolet), melanocytes produce melanin - the pigment which is ultimately responsible for your tan. The pinkish melanin travels up through the epidermis and is absorbed by other skin cells. When exposed to ultraviolet A light (longer wave), the melanin oxidizes or darkens. This darkening is your skin's way of protecting itself against too much UV light.
Everyone has the same number of melanocytes in their body - about 5 million. But your heredity dictates how much melanin your body's melanocytes naturally will produce. For example, the skin of African-Americans contains enough melanin to create a black or brown skin color, while the skin of Caucasians has less melanin and is pale.
In order to most effectively avoid overexposure, a tan should be acquired gradually, according to the guidelines prescribed by your salon professional. A sunburn, or erytherma, occurs when too much ultraviolet light reaches the skin and disrupts the tiny blood vessels near the skin's surface.
Cells in the epidermis' germinative layer (also called the living epidermis) are constantly reproducing and pushing older cells upward toward the horny layer (dead epidermis), where

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.87473
Retrieved Text: Footlogix’s pharmaceutical-grade ingredients penetrate deep into the layers of the epidermis, for truly transformational foot-care.
Footlogix® created the world’s first and only Pediceutical® mousse based foot care line using Dermal Infusion Technology®(DIT). This delivery system carries active ingredients past the stratum corneum into the layers of the epidermis, helping to restore the health of the skin. This technology ensures that the active ingredients included in Flootlogix® penetrate the layers of the epidermis and reach the targeted areas. With no greasy outer layer to occlude it, the skin is hydrated and retains its ability to function normally, resulting in healthy feet.
The unique delivery system that carries the active ingredients past the stratum corneum into the layers of the epidermis, helping to restore the health of the epidermis.
Ready to invest in results driven footcare?
Looking to expand your Footlogix knowledge?
We offer nationwide training whether you’re a beginner and require pedicure training, or just want to brush up on your Footlogix product knowledge. To book on a course near you, or for more information, contact the team by emailing education@louellabelle.co.uk or calling 0333 000 2100.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.841984
Retrieved Text: The stratified or mature epidermis functions as a barrier that protects the body from dehydration or trauma. The stratified epidermis is formed in a complex step-wise coordinated process during embryogenesis, and is characterized by changes in keratin expression. Following establishment of the embryonic epidermis, comprised of basal and intermediate layers, the suprabasal spinous, granular and corneal layers are formed by stratification.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.82306
Retrieved Text: Collagen Induction Therapy (CIT) is the regeneration of brand new cell production within the upper and lower layers of the skin referred to as the epidermis and the dermis. The epidermis is made predominantly of skin cells and the dermis is made predominantly of collagen and elastin fibres. The dermis gives structural support to the epidermis whilst also feeding it the nutrients, oxygen and water supply it needs to remain supple, hydrated and healthy.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.812347
Retrieved Text: Genodermatoses are characterized by genetic disorders of the skin affecting mainly either keratinocytes or melanocytes the two majors cell types of the epidermis.
Human epidermis has been produced in vitro for decades using adult epidermal stem cells from donors to provide cell therapy. However, its use is hampered by the difficulty in supplying the amount of epidermal substitute needed in order to extend the application to all patients who may benefit from it. Derivation of pluripotent stem cells, either of embryonic origin or following genetic reprogramming, has opened the path for an alternative source for epidermal cell therapy as these cells are both immortal and pluripotent, theoretically capable of providing any requested number of cells of any desired phenotype. For this purpose, we developed protocols allowing to generate homogenous and functional populations of keratinocytes and melanocytes derived from pluripotent stem cells.
Homogenous and functional population of keratinocytes and melanocytes derived from pluripotent stem cells were generated by designing a multi-step sequential protocol respecting the chronobiology of epidermis formation during human ontogenesis.
For keratinocytes derivation, pluripotent stem cells were seeded onto a feeder layer in a medium supplemented by a high concentration of BMP4 during 40 days. After this period of induction, keratinocytes derived from pluripotent stem cells were isolated and amplified to obtain a homogenous and pure population of keratinocytes presenting all the phenotypic characteristic of adult keratinocytes. Once seeded onto a proper support, these keratinocytes appeared capable of forming a pluristratified epidermis both in vitro and in vivo as xenografts in immunodeficient mice. Human epidermis was shown to

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.803833
Retrieved Text: I have a concern; and that is, we are observing an epidemic of over-exfoliation in the professional skin care industry. It is the "lets peel it" mindset that so many therapists and clinicians have as a "first choice" treatment modality that is my greatest concern. I call it an “epidemic of over-exfoliation”.
This approach has perhaps come about from the advent of glycolic peels in the early nineties, and progressed on through to now, with Micro-dermabrasion machines, enzymes and acids galore to choose from.
One could be forgiven for thinking that it is as if the industry has forgotten that one of the core ethics of the skin treatment profession is to "preserve the integrity of the epidermis" at all times.
Have we also forgotten that the epidermis, a major line of skin barrier defence contains many intricate systems that work in synergy with one another to protect the body? Unfortunately, our client’s Skin Barrier Defences are put to the test by many therapists, clinicians and even dermatologists. Occasionally, this can be by intent, but more often unwittingly.
Each day the skin suffers multiple attacks, whether physical or mechanical, from undesirable microorganisms or the sun. It withstands these with very sophisticated detection, protection and defence systems in the epidermis and dermis. In addition to its protective function the skin also has a metabolic function, and a sensory function. Finally, it must maintain its integrity by repairing itself.
To carry out its protective task, the skin must be a resistant and impermeable barrier. This role falls in large part on the epidermis,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.801641
Retrieved Text: Rosehip oil continues to be used forever by indigenous visitors to soothe diverse skin issues. Eczema and also dermatitis remain treated together with rose cool oil. Other epidermis problems for instance scars can be treated using this natural merchandise.
This awesome natural oil is a superb way regarding treating many different different epidermis problems, a good very simple and frequent one : dry epidermis. If you might have dry epidermis, then you understand how difficult it could be to treat it with standard products. Most common natual skin care products can either dry this sort of skin or perhaps irritate it having its fillers.
Nonetheless, rose cool oil differs from the others. It can be a natural, cold-pressed oil which is free regarding both man-made fillers and also irritating materials. Rose cool oil absorbs in to the skin quickly as it has the lowest viscosity.
If you’re satisfied with your daily natual skin care routine, will not worry. You don’t need to change everything in order to reap some great benefits of rose cool oil, simply contain it within your skin attention routine being a natural lotion. You can easily reapply that often each day, but make sure you apply sunscreen to enable you to protect your skin layer from possible conditions that may come up from improved light level of sensitivity.
People who have dry epidermis should work with a cream face cleaner or non-comedogenic acrylic (like coconut oil). Both these products will allow you to remove dirt, excess sebum, and also dead epidermis cells with out stripping skin

================



======= Instance Index 31 =========
Input Text: Alligators

Which is the correct answer?
- eat gar
- eat only foliage
- have live births
- are warm-blooded

Target Text: eat gar

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 17.874538
Retrieved Text: Crocodiles and alligators are both reptiles from the same order of animals, named Crocodylia. There are however a number of important differences which set these apex predators apart. Read on to find out what some of these differences are while enjoying all our animal facts for kids.
Crocodiles have a longer, more V-shaped head then alligators.
The fourth tooth of a crocodile sticks out when its mouth is closed.
Crocodiles are better adapted to living in seawater.
Crocodiles are more aggressive than alligators.
Crocodiles tend to have a lighter appearance than alligators.
Crocodiles in the wild are found all over the world while alligators are only found in the US and China.
Alligators have shorter, wider heads that are more U-shaped than crocodiles.
Alligators strongly favor freshwater while some species of crocodile live in seawater.
Alligators tend to have a darker appearance than crocodiles.
Alligators in the wild are only found in the US and China while crocodiles are found all over the world.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.853535
Retrieved Text: John T. Flaherty is chief of design in the New York City Bureau of Sewers. Flaherty is also the resident expert on the most durable urban legend in the history of cities. Flaherty, a good-humored man with an alligator cigarette lighter on his desk tells all, “There are no alligators in the New York City sewer system”.
Alligators are a small part of Flaherty’s business. There are 6,500 miles of sewer lines in New York City ranging from 6-inch pipe to monster sewers as big as a small band shell. Flaherty said, “A well-functioning sewer is a rather pleasant atmosphere-nice and cool in summertime, warm in the wintertime.” It seems just the place for an alligator, but it is not. The legend holds that travelers to Florida adopted baby alligators, tired of them and flushed them down the toilet, sending them to the city sewer system where they grew to immense size.
Flaherty says there are things living in the sewers, most of them rats. There are also insects and some stray fish. There have been some bodies and a few gangs that have set up subterranean sewer clubhouses. There are no alligators because there is not enough space and not enough food. The torrents of water that run through the sewers during a heavy rain would drown even an alligator.
This urban legend is an example of creepy contaminations. The theme of Alligators in the Sewers is of animals contaminating the human environment; of animals lurking where they do not belong. Alligators in the Sewers is one of

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.562826
Retrieved Text: National Aquarium | Do You Know Your Crocodilians?
Crocodiles, caimans and alligators, oh my! They may look similar, but there are key differences between these toothy reptiles.
They're all members of the order Crocodilia, but that doesn't mean that crocodiles, caimans and alligators are the same animal. The easiest way to tell the difference between the two better-known species, crocodiles and alligators, is by taking a look at their heads: crocodiles have slender, V-shaped heads, while alligators have broader, U-shaped heads. Their teeth are also telling; when crocodiles close their mouths, both their top and bottom teeth are visible, but only the alligators' upper teeth are visible.
According to a recent study, there also may be a less obvious difference between crocodiles and alligators: the proportions of the bones in their forelimbs and hind limbs. The study suggests there may be slight differences in the lengths of these bones—it suggests that alligators have shorter humerus bones in the forelimbs and shorter femurs in their hind limbs than crocodiles—and these findings can provide more information on the way these two animals move.
Caimans, on the other hand, belong to the same family as alligators, so it's trickier to tell them apart. But to do so, you take a look at their—you guessed it—heads. Caimans have the same broad, U-shaped head as alligators, but have longer, thinner teeth than their alligator counterparts. As a general rule of thumb, these reptiles are typically smaller than both alligators and crocodiles, though adult black caimans can grow to be up to 14 feet long.
There's also

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.562822
Retrieved Text: Jan. 11, 2018 - These North Carolina alligators have adapted to survive in a frozen pond. In response to the cold, they are using a survival technique called brumation. Alligators brumate by slowing down their metabolism and becoming lethargic. Brumating allows alligators to regulate their body temperature and survive all kinds of weather. During extremely cold years, they can stay still for much of the season. As the season ends, the alligators will go through thermoregulation and their bodies will return to normal temperatures.
These North Carolina alligators have adapted to survive in a frozen pond.
In response to the cold, they are using a survival technique called brumation.
Alligators brumate by slowing down their metabolism and becoming lethargic.
Brumating allows alligators to regulate their body temperature and survive all kinds of weather.
During extremely cold years, they can stay still for much of the season.
As the season ends, the alligators will go through thermoregulation and their bodies will return to normal temperatures.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.344112
Retrieved Text: Are There Alligators in South Carolina?
In the United States, alligators can be found in the southeast, including in South Carolina. They can also be found in Florida, Alabama, Georgia, Mississippi and Louisiana.
Alligators do not have a tolerance for salt and are therefore found in freshwater environments. Alligators prefer warmer climates and areas that have a high amount of prey, vegetation and mud. However, they can tolerate freezing temperatures in the water. Alligators typically inhabit swamps and marshes, but they can also be found near rivers or small bodies of water.
Alligators create burrows that are up to 20 feet deep in mud banks. They use the burrows or dens to hibernate during times of cold weather.
Alligator Vs. Crocodile: Is There Any Difference?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.292788
Retrieved Text: Recently a seven-foot alligator was videoed by TWRA Region 1 personnel in West Tennessee at the Wolf River WMA in Fayette County. This latest sighting is one of several confirmed sightings of alligators in Southwest Tennessee.
Alligators are naturally expanding their range into Tennessee from the southern border states. TWRA has not stocked any alligators in Tennessee. Alligators expanding into Tennessee is just another species that we must learn to coexist with like many of the other southern states.
Alligators are opportunistic feeders that prey on fish, turtles, snakes, frogs, and waterfowl. Occasionally they will feed on larger animals such as possums, raccoons, and deer.
Alligators can survive Tennessee winters by going into a hibernation-like dormancy called brumation. They can withstand periods of ice by sticking their snout out of the water before it freezes which allows them to continue breathing.
TWRA would like to remind everyone that alligators are a protected species and catching or shooting one is a violation of the law. If you come across one while exploring the outdoors in West TN, leave it alone and enjoy Tennessee’s unique biodiversity.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.266933
Retrieved Text: Ask anyone from the Midwest, even the west coast their thoughts on alligators and you’re likely to hear a range of responses from, “scary” and “vicious” to “exciting” or “interesting”. To most Floridians, living with alligators is simply part of life in the sunshine state, and a very special part indeed. So what is it about these curious reptiles that we love so much? Here are just a few thoughts that make living with alligators Gators, Gators, EverywhereSouth Florida is known for its lavish beaches, gorgeous sunsets and even prettier people. But it’s also home to scores of American alligators. Gators, as we lovingly call them, have been around for generations, inhabiting Florida’s swamps, marshlands, rivers and lakes for centuries. In fact, alligators can be found in all 67 counties throughout the state.It’s true, there’s no escaping gators in these parts. Typically, gators try to keep to themselves, but as the population surges, as it always does, human-gator interaction becomes more and more prevalent. And that’s why there are stories in the news every so often of gators showing up in residential areas, swimming pools, even on front porches of unsuspecting homes.The Work of the Gator Boys Alligator RescueWhile most residents are aware that living with alligators in South Florida is just business as usual, it doesn’t mean coexisting with reptiles is easy or comes naturally. In fact, quite the opposite is true, and that’s where the good work of the Gator Boys Alligator Rescue comes in handy. Expert gator handlers, with a love all things

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.249393
Retrieved Text: Alligators are very large, dangerous aquatic reptiles that can cause damage and danger if they are in close proximity with humans. In areas like Florida, where the swamps and waterways encourage both alligator and human habitation, alligators can become a problem. For anyone who owns a home in an area populated by alligators, the danger from these toothsome beasts is something better eradicated. Although they are large creatures, trapping an alligator does not actually take a traditional "trap." Getting rid of alligators is more efficiently done with a couple of easy steps that are closely related to fishing.
Attach the fish hook to a length of rope. Tie the fish hook on tightly, as it will need to hold up to the weight of an alligator.
Bait the hook with a large piece of beef, chicken or fish. Alligators are very motivated by food and will aggressively jump for the bait once they find it.
Suspend the bait over water that is frequented by alligators. Throw the rope over a pole or tree branch and adjust it so that the hook is 2 feet above the surface of the water. Tie the rope securely. Alligators will jump up to get the bait and get hooked. Allow the hook to hang closer to the water to trap smaller gators.
To trap alligators alive, use commercial trip-snare traps instead of hooks.
Trap gators more effectively by baiting hooks at night to take advantage of an alligator's natural feeding time.
Alligators that are relocated have a proven record of returning to their old habitat.
Due to

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.232044
Retrieved Text: In November, two American alligators were flown from the Poconos to Wisconsin to undergo surgery. The story took a sad turn Tuesday morning when one of the alligators died unexpectedly. The alligators had been recovering in their own personalized enclosures built in the basement of the veterinary hospital.
In November, an unlikely pair took to the skies when two American alligators were flown from the Poconos to Wisconsin to undergo surgery.
The story took a sad turn Tuesday morning when one of the alligators died unexpectedly.
"I'm just blown away by it," said the alligators' owner, John Boyko of Bridgeport, Conn.
Boyko keeps them along with nine other gators in a Price Township home he purchased specifically for his reptilian pets.
The gators were injured last summer when five kids broke into the house and pelted the animals with more than 50 rocks.
Nine-year-old "Juvie Gator" and 6-year-old "Baby Gator" suffered the worst of the injuries.
Juvie had a fractured leg, and Baby, who died Tuesday, suffered ulcers and a hernia after eating some of the rocks the children threw. Baby Gator came to Boyko in 2005 from the Catskill Game Farm.
Juvie underwent a 7-hour operation to repair its leg, and Baby had the rocks successfully removed from its stomach.
Baby seemed to be recovering well from the surgery, Boyko said. Two weeks after the operation, a scope procedure revealed most of the ulcers were healed.
It's not unusual for alligators to eat rocks in nature, according to the alligators' veterinarian, Mike Wenninger, formerly of Creature Comforts in Saylorsburg.
But because Baby's ulcers cleared up soon

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.226837
Retrieved Text: How did dinosaurs hear? Researchers now have an idea thanks to alligators. In a new study, researchers have discovered that American alligators process sounds the same way that barn owls and chickens do. And because birds and reptiles last shared a common ancestor nearly 250 million years ago, the finding means the shared hearing strategy originated before dinosaurs existed.
Sound reaches each ear at different times. The brain uses this lag to figure out where in space the sound came from. In birds, the brain creates a map from this time difference to pinpoint a sound’s location. Unlike birds, mammals do not create these neural maps. However, they still use this gap between when each ear hears a sound to deduce its position. Since birds and mammals use different strategies to process sound, that means hearing evolved differently in the two groups. So, to get a better grasp on how hearing evolved, Carr turned to alligators.
When Carr and her colleague, Lutz Kettler, a neuroscientist at the Technical University of Munich in Germany, peered at the brains of birds and alligators under the microscope, they saw that the brain structures looked quite similar. “So we suspected there might be neural maps [in alligators] like in birds,” Kettler said.
To find out how alligators process sound, the researchers played tones through headphones to 40 anesthetized American alligators. As the reptiles listened to the sounds, the researchers monitored the response of the part of the alligators’ brain stem that sorts out incoming sound information. When the researchers compared the alligators’ hearing

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.202757
Retrieved Text: Alligators do not hibernate during winter, but they do brummate. Brummate is when an alligator slows down its metabolic rate, but doesn't enter a state of hibernation.
Alligators are cold-blooded animals and prefer warm weather and warm water temperatures. In areas where winters are cold, alligators will try to stay submerged in water or find a burrow to rest. These areas provide less temperature changes than being out in the open air and can help the alligator retain warmth.
When alligators brummate they remain very still. Many will lie near the bottom of their burrow, only surfacing to breathe. Some float on top the water or lie on vegetation during the coldest parts of winter.
Browse Relevant Sites & Find Do Alligators Hibernate. All Here!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.164038
Retrieved Text: Alligator is a genus in the order Crocodilia. There are two living species: the American alligator and the smaller Chinese alligator. Together with the caimans, the gharials, and the crocodiles, they make up the order Crocodilia.
The first alligators existed about 37 million years ago. However, older species of alligators have become extinct.
An average adult American alligator weighs 360 kg (790 lb) and is 4.0 m (13.1 ft) long. However, they can grow to 4.4 m (14 ft) long and weigh over 450 kg (990 lb).
The largest alligator ever recorded, found in Louisiana, was 5.84 m (19.2 ft) long.
The Chinese alligator is smaller. It is rarely longer than 2.1 m (6.9 ft). In addition, it weighs considerably less than the American alligator. Male Chinese alligators rarely weigh over 45 kg (99 lb).
Nobody knows how long alligators live, on average. An 80-year-old alligator named Muja, living in the Belgrade Zoo in Serbia, is thought to be the oldest alligator living in captivity.
Although the alligator often moves slowly, it can run very fast for short times, especially in very short lunges. Usually, alligators' main prey are smaller animals they can kill and eat with a single bite. If the prey is not big enough to eat in one bite, they may drag the animal into the water to drown. They may also bite their prey and then spin or wildly until bite-sized chunks are torn off. This is called a "death roll".
Alligators are generally timid towards humans and tend to walk or swim away if a human comes near

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.138334
Retrieved Text: Whether you're a full-time resident, or just visiting the area, there's a long list of great things to see and do in Southwest Florida.
At the top of that list is exploring the Florida Everglades, with its many nature preserves, wetlands, and wildlife management areas. Many of the animals that call these preserves home are on the protected species list. And one of the most popular inhabitants of this wetland paradise is the American Alligator.
NEVER FEED ALLIGATORS -- it's dangerous and illegal. When fed, alligators can overcome their natural wariness and learn to associate people with food. When this happens, some of these alligators have to be removed and killed.
Alligators are a fundamental part of Florida's wetlands, swamps, rivers and lakes, and they are found in all 67 counties. Florida continues to experience human population growth. Many new residents seek waterfront homes, resulting in increased interactions between people and alligators.
Although most Floridians understand that we have alligators living in our state, the potential for conflict exists. Because of their predatory nature, alligators may target pets and livestock as prey. Unfortunately, people also are occasionally bitten. Since 1948, Florida has averaged about five unprovoked bites per year. During that period, a little more than 300 unprovoked bites to people have been documented in Florida, with 22 resulting in deaths.
In the past 10 years, the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission has received an average of nearly 16,000 alligator-related complaints per year. Most of these complaints deal with alligators occurring in places such as backyard ponds, canals, ditches and

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.113607
Retrieved Text: If you observe a tagged alligator, please report the sighting to Town Biologists. The simplest way is to use the Town’s online application. Simply open the map, zoom to the sighting location, click the small alligator icon in the upper right hand corner, and follow the on-screen instructions. You can also report a sighting by emailing Jim Jordan with details of the sighting (Date, Time, Location, Behavior, Tag Number and Color).
The Kiawah Conservancy, in partnership with TOKI, KICA, the Medical University of South Carolina (MUSC), and Clemson University began an alligator study in 2015, focusing primarily on alligator health and physiology. The Clemson study continued during 2016-2017 and 39 alligators have been captured to date. This new TOKI/KICA study will take advantage of these capture efforts to obtain additional information on alligators.
All captured alligators are fitted with visible, numbered tags so that they can be easily identified in the field by biologists, residents, and visitors. Two visual tags (blue for males, yellow for females) are placed on each alligator, one behind the head and one on the tail. Capture efforts focus on areas where nuisance alligators are the most prevalent, typically near popular fishing and crabbing locations. Several recent studies have suggested that capturing and handling alligators increases their fear of people, thereby, reducing human/alligator conflicts. Observations of tagged animals will allow biologists to document changes in alligator behavior after capture. In addition to visual tags, a subset of 12 alligators were fitted with VHF transmitters in 2016. In addition, 5 alligators were fitted with GPS

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.07658
Retrieved Text: In a study which significantly upgrades the badass-ness of alligators, researchers have revealed that the creatures quite often kill and eat sharks.
Despite being freshwater animals, alligators quite regularly pounce on and eat four species of shark, a new scientific study has found.
Dr Nifong found instances of alligators eating lemon, nurse and bonnethead sharks – by pumping the stomachs of 500 alligators.
Prof Steven Gabrey at the Northwestern State University of Louisiana agreed ‘gators will eat anything that will fit in their mouths’, but has never found shark in their stomachs.
A 19th century article tells of hundreds of alligators and sharks ‘fighting like dogs’. Dr Nifong also found accounts of sharks eating American and Australian crocs.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.01886
Retrieved Text: LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. - Firefighters at Walt Disney World were warned to stop feeding alligators at one of the resort's fire stations two months before an alligator killed a toddler.
According to emails obtained by News 6, Reedy Creek Emergency Services admonished firefighters for feeding at least one of two alligators at Station No. 3, which is less than a half-mile from Seven Seas Lagoon, where 2-year-old Lane Graves was pulled into the water by a gator in June and killed.
In the first email, dated April 17, a dispatcher alerted his supervisors about a problem with gators near the fire station.
"They are coming out in the parking lot much more than others in the past. They are not docile gators, they are mean, and they are out looking for food because people are feeding them," the email said.
Communications Captain Claude Rodgers addressed the fire command staff.
"It was brought to our attention firefighters are feeding the alligators (this is illegal)," Rodgers wrote. "As you can imagine this is making the communicators nervous because they are fearful of walking to their car and their leg becoming dinner."
Reedy Creek District administrator John Classe said Disney's animal-control department was contacted, but he did not know whether either alligator was ever removed.
A Disney spokeswoman said Wednesday that it was unclear whether the gator had been removed.
Sara Brady, who represents the Graves family, said Lane's parents had no comment about the emails.
Feeding alligators is illegal in Florida.
More than a million alligators live throughout Florida, though the species remains listed as a protected

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.982862
Retrieved Text: Here’s A Freaky Restaurant Grandma Forgot To Tell You About.
Let's face it: In 2015, this tourist attraction wouldn't be an attraction at all, but a lawsuit waiting to happen. But from 1907-1953, this Los Angeles location earned a small fortune because it was so popular. Basically, it invited visitors to do something that was probably unwise: hang out, play, and eat with alligators.
Alligator Farm was started by Francis Earnest and his partner Joe Campbell, and contained almost 1,000 exotic alligators. The farm offered such attractions as watching the alligators being fed with live chickens, perform tricks and wrestle with humans. It sounds absolutely insane, but we've got the photos to prove it.
These were some of the early postcards from the park, just in case you wanted your friends and family to know that you let your baby play with baby alligators.
Or let your toddler do this.
Clearly, getting up close and personal wasn't really seen as a problem here.
The visitors were encouraged to treat the alligators as hands-on as possible.
This is a real photograph of some young ladies dining in a pond of swarming alligators at feeding time.
Feeding time was a popular activity.
As well as, apparently, letting your child be approached by a horde of hungry gators.
Miraculously, none of the visitors were ever recorded as being bitten.
But then again, maybe they just didn't write it down.
Even pets were welcome to join in on the fun.
If those images weren't insane enough for you, check out this video footage from the park.
For the residents around the park, it was

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.930183
Retrieved Text: Cats, dogs, even horses. Ask kids their favorite animal, and these may be the most common answers. But what about alligators?
For junior Alanah Grisby her fascination and love for alligators began when she was 10.
One of her favorite memories was going to Florida and being able to see alligators in person. “It was a dream come true.” Grisby was bummed when she wasn’t able to go to Gatorland but was grateful she at least got to experience Wild Florida Airboats & Gator Park. She recalls being able to physically hold an alligator. “It was really cool holding him,” she said.
Her dreams don’t stop there. Grisby’s passion for the animals have helped her plan out the rest of her life. “I’m going to go to college and major in zoology,” she said. “I plan on studying abroad in Africa and study the savannah safari.” After she earns her degree she would like to reside in Florida and work with alligators and other animals.
With alligators being her main focus, Grisby is an animal lover in general. “I want to help the animals that are endangered,” she said, adding that she dreams of opening an animal sanctuary one day.
“Alligators aren’t endangered, but of course they will be there!” Planning to help as many animals as she can she wants to go down in history as someone who made a difference.
Grisby wants to make people realize that alligators are not cold-blooded killers. “People think that they’re just going to kill you,” she said.
While crocodiles will kill their own children, Grisby

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.907343
Retrieved Text: There are two species of alligators: the American alligator and the Chinese alligator, neither species is endowed with what one would call superior intelligent. Neither are the owners of this cat.
I grew up in Florida. We lived on a lake, swam in that lake, saw alligators in that lake--even witnessed a fight between two large male alligators. What we were smart enough never to do was feed the alligators, or let our dogs swim in the lake without someone watching for 'gators.
Alligator are poikilothermic (cold-blooded) which means their body temperature is at the mercy of their surroundings. On cold nights, alligators stay underwater because water loses heat to the atmosphere slowly. When the air warms up, and the sun is out, gators sunbath. People mistakenly assume these large, lumbering, groggy-looking reptiles are too slow to be dangerous. Far from it. Gators are capable of alarming bursts of speed. Their main prey of small (cat-sized) animals, which they can kill and eat in a single bite, are taken in split second lunges.
In a behavior called the 'death roll,' large prey are grabbed, and dragged under water. The gator then spins, twisting off bite-sized chunks.
"Most of the muscle in an alligator's jaw evolved to bite and grip prey. The muscles that close the jaws are exceptionally powerful, but the muscles for opening their jaws are comparatively weak. As a result, an adult human can hold an alligator's jaws shut barehanded. It is common today to use several wraps of duct tape to prevent an adult alligator from opening

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.906713
Retrieved Text: Dustin Bockman caught and killed a very large alligator over the weekend with some friends. He shot the thirteen foot creature with a bow and arrow, in Mississippi’s first statewide official alligator hunt. It was a record-setting catch, but this seems to be sort of a sad accomplishment, because the alligator did nothing to humans ever. In other words, it had not attacked or harmed humans, so killing it seems more about bragging rights than good sense.
It has been thought by some that these smaller, prey-size alligators ranging from four to seven feet long are typically the nuisance alligators, meaning that they get into areas where there are humans, such as backyards, golf courses, roadsides, parks and swimming pools.
One might argue that it was just one very large alligator that was killed in Mississippi, but actually another one of about the same size was also killed in the same time period.
It has been estimated that Mississippi has 32,000 – 38,000 wild alligators. Fourteen counties don’t have records of alligators, but Jackson county has about 7,500 and Hancock has 3,900.
The state department of wildlife, fisheries and parks has estimated that alligators in Mississippi are larger than in other Southern states. Over twenty percent of alligators at Little Sunflower River in Yazoo and Sharkey Counties were estimated to be over ten feet long. The fact that there are large alligators in these areas is not a problem, if there are not many humans around. These animals do not hunt and eat humans.
One of the recent gator killers has

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.888515
Retrieved Text: Which hotel had live alligators living in marble ponds in the lobby until 1948?
If you guessed The Jefferson Hotel (1895) in Richmond, Virginia, you guessed correctly!
The alligators that lived in the marble pools in the Palm Court at the Jefferson were world famous with visitors and guests of the hotel. Numerous Richmonders and hotel guests enthusiastically donated pet alligators to the hotel. Old Pompey, the last alligator living in the marble pools of the Jefferson's Palm Court, survived until 1948. Bronze statues of the alligators now decorate the hotel.
Today the Jefferson Hotel is still the hub of Richmond society, and has been welcoming guests for over 120 years.
Learn more about The Jefferson Hotel and book your next stay.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.867653
Retrieved Text: In alligators and other crocodilian species, being bigger than your conspecifics can have decisive benefits: Females only accept males larger than themselves as mates and larger alligators are much more likely to win territorial fights. However, direct physical confrontations can lead to lethal injuries so it would be advantageous if fights could be avoided by individuals reliably signalling their body size to potential mates and rivals early on. One way to achieve this is by "honest" acoustic cues to body size in vocalizations. A team around Tecumseh Fitch at the Department of Cognitive Biology at the University of Vienna has now identified cues to body size in calls of American alligators, which is the first finding of this kind in reptiles.
American alligators produce very low-pitched rumbling roars, so called "bellows", year-round and most frequently during mating season. Interestingly, the bellowing displays differ between the sexes, as study co-author Kent Vliet from the University of Florida had previously described: Only male alligators produce a "water dance", visible due to water droplets sprinkling over their backs, preceding the audible bellow.
For the current study, lead-author Stephan Reber and Judith Janisch of the University of Vienna recorded the bellows of 43 adult American alligators at the St. Augustine Alligator Farm Zoological Park in Florida. Then the curators of the institution, Kevin Torregrosa and Jim Darlington, together with the two researchers, measured the head and total body length of all the alligators up close with measuring tapes and hand-held laser-distance-measurement devices.
In a detailed acoustic analysis, Reber found that frequencies produced by

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.83136
Retrieved Text: We just wrapped up harvest season at the swamp and have now introduced more baby alligators to our family here at Alligator Alley! But before these eggs hatched, we had to retrieve them from their nests – you know, the nests made and guarded by angry mama alligators. Not the safest task, but a life-changing experience for sure.
Every year during harvesting season, typically alligator eggs begin to hatch and use their egg tooth to crack open their shell and escape into the world. Once they have emerged from their shells, they immediately begin their search for food and dodge predators along the way.
On alligator farms, the staff often assist the mother in the process, which is called “harvesting.” Basically, the farmers will retrieve the eggs from the nest and place them in an incubator. After they hatch, the hatchlings become new additions to the farm!
These baby alligators are watched over by their protective mama alligator until she believes they are ready to “take on the real world” by themselves. This generally takes about a year and then the baby alligators join a pod for up to three years postpartum. Staying in pods help protect the young from predators like raccoons, large fish, birds of prey and even other alligators!
As eggs usually hatch in June or July, they begin to leave the juvenile stage and transition into adulthood while still protected in their pods. Once the young alligators have reached four feet in length, they are then considered virtually invulnerable in the wild (and at the swamp),

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.788631
Retrieved Text: The American alligator is a relatively large species of crocodilian. On average it is the second largest species in the Alligatoridaefamily, behind only the black caiman. As with all crocodilians, and as opposed to many mammals where size eventually diminishes with old age, healthy American alligators may continue to expand throughout their lives and the oldest specimens are the largest. Very old, large male American alligators reach an expected maximum size of up to 4.6 m (15 ft) in length, weighing up to 453 kg (1,000 lb), while females reach a maximum of 3 m (9.8 ft). On rare occasions, a large, old male may grow to an even greater length.
The American alligator is considered an apex predator throughout its range. They are opportunists and their diet is determined largely by both the size and age of the American alligator and the size and availability of prey. Most American alligators will eat a wide variety of animals, including invertebrates, fish, birds, turtles, snakes, amphibians, and mammals. Hatchlings mostly feed on invertebrates such as insects, insect larvae, snails, spiders, and worms. As they grow, American alligators gradually expand to larger prey. Once an American alligator reaches adulthood, any animal living in the water or coming to the water to drink is potential prey, due to the size and power of the American alligator.
However, most animals captured by American alligators are considerably smaller than the American alligator itself. Stomach contents show, among native mammals, muskrats and raccoons are some of the most commonly eaten species. In Louisiana, where

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.763018
Retrieved Text: Did you know that all alligators are crocodiles, but that not all crocodiles are alligators?
Crocodiles and alligators are both part of the reptilian order Crocodylia. But they're part of different families, Crocodylidae and Alligatoridae respectively. Usually when people say "crocodile," they really mean "crocodilian." In total, there are some 23 unique species of crocodilians, including those in the lesser known family, Gavialidae.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.752527
Retrieved Text: During spring, alligators become more active and visible which most residents in Florida are aware of. When temperatures rise, their metabolism increases and causing them to become hungry, leading them to begin seeking prey. Although alligator bite incidents resulting in serious injury are rare in Florida, the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission (FWC) recommends taking precautions when having fun in and around the water.
Florida’s state reptile is the American alligator and is an important part of Florida’s wetland habitats. You can find this large reptile throughout the state in freshwater lakes, ponds, swamps, and slow-moving rivers.
Alligators control their body temperature by basking in the sun, where they can be easily observed. If you see an alligator, keep your distance and never feed alligators because it is dangerous and illegal. Alligators that are fed can overcome their natural wariness and will learn to associate people with food.
According to the FWC, the most active time for Alligators happens between dusk and dawn. In order to reduce the chances of conflicts with alligators, only swim during daylight hours and in designated swimming areas.
The Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission also recommends pet owners to keep their animals on a leash and away from the water because pets can resemble an alligator’s natural prey.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.738768
Retrieved Text: The great Florida swamp is a terrible place to raise a family.
Wading birds with nests in the Everglades worry constantly. Bandits are everywhere. They steal babies and eat them, sometimes in front of the parents, or off to the side, where the crunching and chewing by raccoons and possums are easily heard.
Over time, a study released Wednesday says, egrets, herons, ibises and storks that nest on islands developed a strategy. They nestle on tree limbs near alligators, which chase and sometimes eat nest raiders. For that service, alligators demand a heavy price — some of the birds' offspring. That's right: child sacrifice.
Birds often produce more chicks than they can care for, so one falling out of a nest to be eaten by a gator when the chick would otherwise starve is just nature being cruel. They're not exactly shoved out, but grow weak from neglect, or are accidentally bumped by siblings wrestling for food.
For years, anecdotal evidence suggested that birds engage in this type of behavior all over the world, said the study's lead author, Lucas Nell, who was a student at the University of Florida during the two-year research that ended in 2014. But he looked for something new — whether alligators enjoyed the benefits of this Faustian bargain.
As it turns out, according to the study published in PLOS One, they do. Gators that inhabit tree islands with noisy bird colonies are six pounds heavier than gators that live about a half-mile away. "They're just taking advantage of what they know to be a food

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.713024
Retrieved Text: We got to hold a juvenile alligator during our swamp tour.
First let me set your mind at ease, we were only hunting alligators with our eyes and our cameras (though we did eat some alligator bisque while in New Orleans). While most activities in New Orleans center on history, culture, and cuisine, the city provides a unique opportunity for travelers to experience nature as well on a New Orleans swamp tour. The Louisiana swamps and bayous, just a short drive from New Orleans, give visitors the chance to take a boat ride and see swamp animals and plants in the great outdoors.
A canal through the Jean Lafitte National Park and Preserve.
We took our swamp and bayou tour through the Jean Lafitte National Park and Preserve. The park is named for Jean Lafitte, a pirate in the Gulf of Mexico in the early 1800s. Jean Lafitte Swamp & Airboat Tours is the only company in Louisiana that can guide guests through the national park. We joined one of their tours through Gray Line Tours New Orleans.
There are lots of gators on a New Orleans swamp tour.
Tours travel through the Louisiana swamp on special swamp boats, traveling through canals and bayous. The canal, a straight waterway built for oil drilling and logging, joins the Bayou Aux Carpes. Bayou means slow moving water, and the bayous are natural waterways that bend and turn through the swamp, bordered by bald cypress draped in cascading Spanish moss and the occasional mistletoe.
Turtles hanging out in the Louisiana swamp.
The swamp is teaming with

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.704157
Retrieved Text: An alligator swims Friday, March 6, 2015, in the newly renovated Mississippi Delta Country exhibit at the Tennessee Aquarium in Chattanooga, Tenn. Renovations to the exhibit included the addition of 13 small new alligators.
Download the Tennessee Aquarium's free app, which offers a schedule of events and programs, along with an interactive checklist of all the animals to see.
José is no longer the lone gator in the tank.
The Tennessee Aquarium has hosted one alligator at a time since it opened, but now the Delta Swamp exhibit is home to 13 male American alligators — and José is learning to share his newly revamped home.
"He has blended right in with the new alligators," said Dave Cheris, an animal care specialist at the aquarium. "He is becoming one of the pack."
Friday marked the grand opening of the aquarium's newly renovated Delta Country Alligator Bayou, which re-creates the feeling of being in a coastal swamp with overgrown vegetation and tree stumps. Visitors walking through the exhibit can watch the alligators during feeding time and as they lie in piles atop logs. The glass walls of the open-air tanks allow everyone to watch as the scaly reptiles use their long tails to propel themselves through the water.
A shack made of rustic wood rests on the far bank of the exhibit, and alligator trainers emerge from it twice a day to feed fish and rodents to the cold-blooded reptiles.
The new alligators aren't Jose's only co-inhabitants in the exhibit's three open-air tanks. There are turtles, more than 10 varieties of fish and an

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.656528
Retrieved Text: Attaining a length of six to eight feet at adulthood, the American alligator is North America’s largest flesh-eating reptile. The alligator’s thick and powerful tail, used for propulsion and defense, accounts for half its body length. Similar in appearance to the endangered American crocodile, the American alligator has a stockier build and broader head and snout; unlike crocodiles, alligators’ teeth are not visible when their jaws are closed.
Alligators inhabit the states of Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, Texas, and the Carolinas. Their preferred habitat includes shallow lakes, ponds, swamps, marshes, and rivers. Widespread hunting threatened the species with extinction in the 1960s, causing the American alligator to receive federal protection under the Endangered Species Act in 1973. Today, the species has made a remarkable recovery, such that controlled hunting is permitted in some areas. The American alligator still receives federal protection as a threatened species. Alligators have an average lifespan of fifty years.
Alligators enjoy an extremely varied diet, feeding on delicacies such as insects, frogs, fish, turtles, birds, and land mammals. At home in the water, and surprisingly agile on land, alligators have a distinct advantage against any potential prey that finds itself in or near their grasp. Although instances of alligator attacks on people are relatively rare, human negligence and continued habitat destruction could lead to further tragedies.
Two of the best places to observe American alligators in the wild in Texas are Aransas National Wildlife Refuge and Brazos Bend State Park.

================



======= Instance Index 32 =========
Input Text: What might occur during an experiment

Which is the correct answer?
- severe oxygen depletion in the atmosphere
- layers of the ozone disintegrating
- midterm exams for math class
- solution overflowing from a beaker

Target Text: solution overflowing from a beaker

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.091019
Retrieved Text: Science schooling is a gradual course of, and early childhood is an ideal time to start studying science. The reason is that individuals need to acknowledge that there are people who are affected by the science and know-how. Some must be repeatedly experimented to verify for consistency earlier than displaying it within the truthful, though in a crunch, this doesn’t have to occur for a fast science fair project.
Science Honest tasks are nothing greater than an experiment, write-up and presentation. “Stars” are those menu gadgets which can be each the most well-liked and the most profitable. Many individuals around the globe take for instance students in faculties and universities have taken the lead inspecting the relationship between science and technology.
Before beginning the mission, make a timetable and persist with it, as time is of essence for a quick experiment. It is because the atmospheric air stress of 14.7 psi (bear in mind?) that is pushing the cardboard upward is bigger than the combined weight of the water and the air contained in the glass that is pushing the cardboard downward.
As you might be choosing a science truthful venture there are some things to bear in mind. Here are a 3 science questions to indicate how cooking can change into an easy software to show simple science ideas which maybe the science lab might make it appear to be just another experiment.
Right this moment, while not all Feng Shui masters can declare affiliation to lineages, people who do, doc their cases extensively and completely, so that the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.937815
Retrieved Text: Deric's MindBlog: Oxytocin nudges men to monogamy?
Scheele et al. show that oxytocin nasal spray causes married, but not single, men to keep a greater distance from attractive woman during a first encounter. They totally should do this experiment with gay married males!
In humans, interpersonal romantic attraction and the subsequent development of monogamous pair-bonds is substantially predicted by influential impressions formed during first encounters. The prosocial neuropeptide oxytocin (OXT) has been identified as a key facilitator of both interpersonal attraction and the formation of parental attachment. However, whether OXT contributes to the maintenance of monogamous bonds after they have been formed is unclear. In this randomized placebo-controlled trial, we provide the first behavioral evidence that the intranasal administration of OXT stimulates men in a monogamous relationship, but not single ones, to keep a much greater distance (∼10–15 cm) between themselves and an attractive woman during a first encounter. This avoidance of close personal proximity occurred in the physical presence of female but not male experimenters and was independent of gaze direction and whether the female experimenter or the subject was moving. We further confirmed this unexpected finding using a photograph-based approach/avoidance task that showed again that OXT only stimulated men in a monogamous relationship to approach pictures of attractive women more slowly. Importantly, these changes cannot be attributed to OXT altering the attitude of monogamous men toward attractive women or their judgments of and arousal by pictures of them. Together, our results suggest that where OXT release is stimulated during a monogamous relationship, it may additionally promote

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.485907
Retrieved Text: If you wait for the animation to finish before rolling out or over it, it works fine. If you roll over it really fast it looks horrible.
2. You might have noticed the second catch when this page first loaded. The second catch is that when your buttons first load they start from the over position and animate to the up position. It's not the end of the world but it somewhat ruins the surprise.
Feel free to experiment with the down stage of the button, just remember that people usually only click the mouse briefly on a button and the down stage animation will only occur during that brief click.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.468718
Retrieved Text: A rocket is a reed that thinks brilliantly.
Life is a dangerous adventure, says the American, and he is half right: life is dangerous, but it's not an adventure.
A rocket is an experiment; a star is an observation.
To be young is to live in the hope of escaping youth; to be old, in the despair of having succeeded.
Morality measured in centimeters: all mothers believe that only their daughters dance decently.
All true tradition usually appears revolutionary.
Art is good but it isn't the best.
The barometer that shows "variable" is an ironic indictment of God.
When I listen to the engine of my car, I might say it sounds fine, but it would not occur to me to say "What lovely music!
What is reasoned has nothing to do with what is reasonable.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.005917
Retrieved Text: Name the error which occurs when you write on a page?
The main error which occurs when writing on the page is the text disappearing. This, however, is very common when using digital pens on tablets. To ensure proper functionality, make sure the pen and the tablet have been charged.
What do you do if you can get the internet but it says that it has errors on page?
What does it mean when the internet page says Done but with errors on page?
What is Error on page?
Answer . I can only assume this question is referring to the little yellow triangle with exclamation point at the bottom left of an internet explorer window when there are problem with a script (java or vbscript) on a page. These can typically be ignore.
When I open RealArcade I get the message 'Internet Explorer Script Error' then a bunch of statistics and asks 'Do you want to continue writing scripts on this page'. How do you fix this?
How often does error in science occur?
A disk read error occurred?
When a risk read error occurs it could just be that you have thedisk in wrong. It could also be that the disk is going bad.
Why does a blue screen error occur?
A Blue Screen occurs, often, due to Viruses, someone or something changing/deleting Registry Files, a failure during Bootup, or a corrupt file which could be due to age of a computer or viruses or somebody tampering with files.
In DVD Architect what does the error message A write error occurred. The disc may be dirty

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.974857
Retrieved Text: ﻿﻿﻿﻿"If you could give one piece of advice to a large group of people, what would it be?"
Adolescence is a unique time of development -- the brain is rapidly changing, which often creates shifts in relationships, feelings, thinking patterns, and actions. Strategies that worked when one was younger might not work anymore. Certain stressors can occur to shake a teen's system. Therapy provides a safe place to explore specific issues and to decide on whether new ways to cope might prove to be useful. Even though the teen's "job" is to individuate, family is still vitally important, and where appropriate, therapeutic work to help repair family relationships, occurs.
In our culture, adults often live challenging lives, balancing self needs, family, and work lives. Stressors can occur at any stage of adulthood, creating opportunities for individuals to reflect on their experiences and whether their current mode of response is optimal. Together, with the therapist, clients will evaluate, explore, and experiment new strategies that could be more adaptive than current responses.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.880894
Retrieved Text: With age, a decline in attention capacity may occur and this may impact driving performance especially while distracted. Although the effect of distraction on driving performance of older drivers has been investigated, the moderating effect of attention capacity on driving performance during distraction has not been investigated yet. Therefore, the aim was to investigate whether attention capacity has a moderating effect on older drivers’ driving performance during visual distraction (experiment 1) and cognitive distraction (experiment 2).

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.850212
Retrieved Text: One of the best things about fall in Michigan is watching the leaves change. Trees that are mostly green October 1st are brilliant with color in just a few weeks. I’ve done an earlier Family Fun post on leaf activities, so this month we’ll look at activities that focus on changing colors.
1. Of course leaves were the idea that started it all, so you might want to start with this activity that investigates the color-behind-the-color that’s behind the brilliant autumn displays. Rubbing alcohol and a coffee filter can help you see the varied colors behind the green. Try the experiment with several kinds of trees and see what you discover.
2. Want one more experiment? Try for some amazing color-changing milk! Just beware, if, like mine, your refrigerator contains only skim milk, this experiment will not work. It is dependent on “fat molecule gymnastics.” Who could resist that? Of course, trying the activity with different kinds of milk would make a great investigation. Take a look at the fun.
4. Does the color of a room affect your mood? Decorators think so. See if you agree with these assessments of how color affects you. For an interesting investigation, see if there is any relationship between the color of the rooms in your house and where family conflicts occur. (Are you a family without conflicts? Then celebrate and skip this activity!) Are family members really calmer in blue spaces? More excited in bright colors? What else could affect the areas of the home in which family members are more

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.581915
Retrieved Text: Random assignment involves using procedures that rely on chance to assign participants to groups. Doing this means that every single participant in a study has an equal opportunity to be assigned to any group.
For example, in a psychology experiment, participants might be assigned to either a control group or an experimental group. Some experiments might only have one experimental group while others may have several treatment variations. Using random assignment means that each participant has the same chance of being assigned to any of these groups.
How Does Random Assignment Work?
So what type of procedures might psychologists utilize for random assignment? Strategies such as flipping a coin, assigning random numbers, rolling dice, and even drawing names out of a hat are commonly used.
The goal of a psychology experiment is to determine if changes in one variable lead to changes in another variable. Researchers will first begin by coming up with a hypothesis. Once researchers has an idea of what they think they might find in a population, they will come up with an experimental design and then recruit participants for their study.
Once they have a pool of participants that are representative of the population they are interested in looking at, they will then randomly assign the participants to their groups. Some participants will end up in the control group, which serves as a baseline and does not receive the independent variables. Other participants will end up in the experimental groups, which do receive some form of the independent variables.
By using random assignment, the researchers make it more

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.496962
Retrieved Text: By Ian Failes | 06/14/2018 2:25 pm | Be the First to Comment!
A common comment made by those viewing vr or 360-degree films is that while watching one part of the action they fear they are missing another part of the story that might be happening behind them. The latest Google Spotlight Stories film – well, it’s more of an experiment – is aimed at addressing that concern.
Piggy, directed by Jan Pinkava and Mark Oftedal, and released this week at Annecy 2018, is a vr experience where the viewer has a role in determining part of the story. As you watch an animated pig considering whether he might indulge in a whole cake, your head and eye movements determine – to a degree – what the pig does.
That means Piggy’s filmmakers needed to develop real-time techniques to correspond with viewer head and eye movement while continuing to showcase what appears to be a normal animated short. Cartoon Brew caught up with Pinkava at Annecy 2018 to talk about why Piggy was made as an experiment, how it was produced, and where the director wants to take this immersive technology next.
Story thumbnails by Mark Oftedal.
New technologies implemented for Piggy made that possible. This included what Pinkava describes as ‘view-driven interaction’ that involves placing targets in the scene that are essentially areas that, if you look at them, something else will occur. So if you turn your head towards the targets, or move your head or your device while you are watching Piggy, different things will happen in

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.306303
Retrieved Text: In 1927, Thomas Parnell set up the pitch drop experiment, which examines the viscosity of a tar-like substance by the speed at which it flows from a funnel into a jar. The test has seen just eight drops fall in as many decades and, despite the experiment being displayed in the University of Queensland's physics department, no one has ever seen a drop fall. Just like this test, the need for factory maintenance often goes unnoticed.
This article explains how plant managers can budget for maintenance and ensure optimum efficiency for all processes.
In terms of research and development, food and beverage is a leading industry because of its use of new, innovative technology. However, when it comes to maintenance, many companies find themselves keeping paper records. While regulation and compliance requirements historically drove these companies to work with paper, advancements in digital tools mean this is no longer the case.
Unfortunately, once paper-based systems are in place, they can be difficult to eradicate. Companies become stuck in their ways, which leads them to ignore the significant cost savings, efficiencies and competitive advantages electronic systems can provide.
The most important driving force for a company's success is its employees. Today’s maintenance engineers have the computing knowledge to make the switch to digital. Providing them with a familiar interface that quickly connects employees across the organization allows staff to work faster and smarter, increasing productivity. Electronic records also eliminate time-consuming and error-prone data entries that are necessary with paper-based systems.
While staff are the most important factor of any company’s success, the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.269463
Retrieved Text: The end of the bans on blocking, slowing and paid prioritization means your Internet providers will be free to engage in that activity without legal repercussions, so long as they disclose it to the public on their own websites or to the Federal Communications Commission. The repeal effectively narrows what the federal government would consider a net neutrality violation. Under the old policy, any blocking or slowing of websites would directly run afoul of the rules, inviting immediate enforcement. Under the new policy, a violation might occur when regulators find out that an Internet provider has been blocking websites without saying so. The new approach hands much of the responsibility for enforcing violations to the Federal Trade Commission, a sister agency. And in its repeal decision, the FCC explicitly rejects the idea that it has much authority to regulate Internet providers at all.
The blocking and slowing of websites gets much of the attention in the net neutrality debate. But what's more likely to occur are subtle changes to your Internet experience that you may or may not notice. It's hard to say what specific changes you might experience; part of the whole point of undoing the net neutrality rules is that Internet providers will begin to experiment with business models we haven't seen before. One danger, according to consumer advocates, is that those new models could end up making it harder to discover innovative new services. Under this theory, you won't know what you're missing. But here are a few tactics that have been tried before

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.227781
Retrieved Text: Colin Beavan is not your average New Yorker. A few years ago, during a particularly uncomfortable heat wave that hit Manhattan in January, Colin Beavan realized something was off. It wasn’t supposed to feel like summer before Valentine’s Day.
He didn’t know much about global warming at the time, but he thought that whatever was happening could be one of the most important things to occur in his lifetime—and he wanted to do something about it. So, No Impact Man was born.
Making a difference isn’t just for superheroes.
The thing is—and this is something that Beavan’s newly-formed No Impact Project tries to hit home—reducing our impact on the planet isn’t something only fictional caped crusaders in Marvel comics or blockbuster movies can do.
You don’t have to unplug your refrigerator or stop buying toilet paper just yet (though Beavan tried both!). It’s not about deprivation, but about rethinking how you do what you do and making small changes that not only help the environment but improve your quality of life. For some, that might mean buying more local food or eating less meat. For others, it might mean biking to work or volunteering in the community.
Today we were fortunate to have Colin visit our office in San Jose to talk about his year-long experiment and the lessons that stuck with him. Check out the short video below for a taste of his talk.
No Impact Man at eBay from eBay Green Team on Vimeo.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.171915
Retrieved Text: It is anticipated that there will be a reduced alveolar NO and an enhanced alveolar - to - blood diffusion in microgravity due to a more optimal gas-blood interface compared to normal gravity. These effects are expected to be more marked in hypobaric environment, where the rate of NO diffusion also in the gas phase of the lungs is enhanced.
The experiment specific goals and detailed objectives for Airway Monitoring are as listed below.
To determine in detail the pulmonary NO turnover in microgravity.
To determine in detail the pulmonary NO turnover in combined microgravity, hypobaric, and hypoxic environment.
To obtain the goals a) and b) by determining exhaled NO at at least 3 different exhaled flows in order to compute alveolar and conductive - airway contributions to exhaled NO.
To obtain goals a) and b) by determining the diffusing capacity for NO.
To obtain goal d) by using an experiment-specific gas administration device together with premixed gases, the first one containing approx. 1% SF6 and the second one containing 400 ppm NO.
To mimic as much as possible, the environment in a future lunar habitat with respect to ambient pressure and oxygen partial pressure in one experimental condition, the other inflight condition being air breathing at normal ISS pressure.
To perform preflight BDC during the same atmospheric conditions as will be used inflight, both at approx. 1000 and 700 hPa. The air pressure during BDC should be within ±5 hPa of the expected inflight air pressures.
The primary goal is to determine how gravity and microgravity influence the turnover of NO in the lungs.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.167873
Retrieved Text: Wormholes do not exist. They are a figment in the imagination of scientists, just as the mythical quark, which is supposed to make their formulas whole. Faced with perplexing natural phenomena, such as occurred during the Philadelphia Experiment and temporary disappearances that occur naturally in sites such as the Bermuda Triangle, human scientists have invented a term for what they imagine are portals. The portals, in their thinking, can be either man-made or a natural occurrence. They reason that if the phenomena, a temporary and partial density switch, occurs naturally in the Bermuda Triangle, then it should occur naturally in space. They speculate that perhaps this is the magic that allows aliens to transport themselves long distances in what seems to be a flash. Humans take advantage of natural phenomena, such as updrafts for the flight of gliders or orbits to position satellites, and they reason aliens have done the same.
The switch to 4th Density from 3rd Density is not that simple, and does not occur naturally here and there within 3rd Density in any but temporary situations. The density confusion that occurs in the Bermuda Triangle is fleeting, and is caused by the compression within the core of the Earth. Does this line up with what is out in deep space? Wormholes simply do not exist.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.027683
Retrieved Text: Secretary of the Air Force Heather Wilson and Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. David L. Goldfein shake hands and meet with members from the Light Attack Experiment at Holloman Air Force Base, N.M., Aug. 9, 2017. Wilson had an immersion tour of Holloman and is here for a live-fly experiment with off-the-shelf aircraft. The Air Force is pursuing a Light Attack Capabilities Experimentation Campaign, which has grown out of our Close Air Support Experimentation Campaign. The Campaign is being led by the Air Force Strategic Development Planning and Experimentation Office under Air Force Materiel Command.
Secretary of the Air Force Heather Wilson and Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. David L. Goldfein, along with other distinguished visitors, observed a live-fly light attack aircraft experiment showcasing Air Force efforts for innovation Aug. 9, 2017, at Holloman AFB, N.M.
The intent of this experiment is to determine if such industry-provided aircraft can meet many of the sustained demands for combat airpower the Air Force has been experiencing for 25 years and to evaluate their utility in future force structure.
“We want to meet the demands of more permissive environments at lower cost, we want to develop capabilities for contested environments, and use this experiment to evaluate the military utility of these kinds of aircraft and the manufacturing feasibility of these kinds of aircraft,” said Wilson.
During the month long experiment, Air Force pilots are flying basic surface attack missions in Textron Aviation’s AT-6 Wolverine turboprop and Scorpion jet, Sierra Nevada Corp. and Embraer’s A-29 Super Tucano, along with the L3 Platform

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.874983
Retrieved Text: Most of us would be familiar with the Dr. Deming’s Funnel experiment in context to Management theories. For the benefit of those who could not read this useful theory of management, let me briefly explain the same.
Dr. Edwards Deming who is said to be the Father of modern management designed a funnel experiment to explain that if you adjust a process in response to any random variation, you would be over-adjusting the process. Random variations usually occur in all streamlined processes. These may be allowed to occur in the process. Over-adjustment actually induces more variation in the process than would occur if a random cause is left alone.
The funnel experiment is a famous illustration by Dr. W. Edwards Deming to show the adverse effects of adjusting a process when not required. It is aimed at running industrial businesses in a way that any process in an industry should not be disturbed just because some random variations occurred in it. Trying to re-adjust the process, say the parameters of a process for trying to prevent normal variations may lead to disturbing the entire process itself such that it might not regain normalcy again at all, or might induce loses much more than what the normal variations could have made in the process.
I think the essence of this management theory is now understood well by the readers who have not read it before, and so illustrating and describing the actual experiment typically using a funnel is not necessary here.
What is essential is to understand the finer points of

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.792627
Retrieved Text: So tomorrow I have a Physics quiz, and there are still some things that confuse me. The quiz is about uncertainties. I know how to determine the uncertainty, but there are still 2 things that I cant understand.
A) Why does an accurate experiment have less systematic errors, and a precise experiment have less random errors?
B) Graphs of accuracy & precision. Why does a systematic error have readings that are on the "best" line, while the random error graph has points that are not on the best fit line?
I can't help with number two, but for number one, I was always emphasized the difference between precision and accuracy as precision could be like throwing darts on a board in the same small region so that you produce the same results that may or may not be accurate. Accuracy has to do with correctness. With the dart example, an accurate throw would land in the middle of the dart board.
So when you say you have a precise experiment, you're saying you're getting the same results, and your probability of random error lowers because random errors might occur in one instance. If you're performing an experiment and the wind blows one time, then if you have a precise experiment where you're focusing on doing many trials, then the probability will lower. think of it like this: The probability of a random error occurring once is 1/8. The probability of it occurring a second time is (1/8)2, right? So the probability goes way down.
As for systematic errors decreasing in accurate

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.738297
Retrieved Text: A substance that helps a chemical reaction to occur is a catalyst, and the special molecules that catalyze biochemical reactions are called enzymes. Almost all enzymes are proteins, made up of chains of amino acids, and they perform the critical task of lowering the amount of energy needed for the chemical reaction to take place inside the cell. Enzymes do this by binding to the reactant molecules, and holding them in such a way as to make the chemical bond-breaking and bond-forming processes take place more readily.
The chemical reactants to which an enzyme binds are the enzyme’s substrates. There may be one or more substrates, depending on the particular chemical reaction. In some reactions, a single-reactant substrate is broken down into multiple products. In others, two substrates may come together to create one larger molecule. Two reactants might also enter a reaction, both become modified, and leave the reaction as two products. The location within the enzyme where the substrate binds is called the enzyme’s active site. The active site is where the “action” happens, so to speak. Since enzymes are proteins, there is a unique combination of amino acids in the enzyme's active site. The unique combination of amino acid, their positions, sequences, structures, and properties, creates a very specific chemical environment within the active site. This specific environment is suited to bind to a specific chemical substrate (or substrates). Due to this jigsaw puzzle-like match between an enzyme and its substrates, enzymes are known for their specificity. The “best fit” results from the shape

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.719067
Retrieved Text: The equation obtained could now be used to find Ea. It may also supply basic knowledge about the processes and chemical reactions happening inside our body. Risk Assessment Before I can start conducting the main experiment, the issue of laboratory safety must be considered so that any possible exposure to risk is avoided. According to Sadhi 2012 , one-third of the construction projects are delayed and half of over-tender cost on road projects are due to inadequate geological investigation or poor interpretation of the data. Therefore, ionic substances that will not react with the other substances must be added to have a consistent concentration of the ions and the charges. Run 2 Temperature, K Rate constant, M-1s-1 Set 1 301 0.
For this aim 3 sets of results will be obtained by timing how long it takes for the colour change to occur in different temperatures determined by the use of an electric water bath. However, in order to consider the possible errors that I may have made, I also drew two more lines on the same graph giving the values of the maximum and minimum gradients. To learn how to use the Science Journal app and how to use the light sensor, you can review the relevant tutorials on this. Potassium persulfate is less soluble cfr. In this project, you will use the app to record the color change of your reaction. With these results, the effect of temperature on the rate of reaction will be investigated.
On the first part, 2 beakers with different contents were

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.707754
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Computer Hardware' started by lyndon123, Feb 13, 2019.
Will it do nothing and shrug off the situation?
will it blow up the entire system?
For a while now I have been wondering: "what would happen if I removed the 6 pin auxiliary power from my graphics card, while the computer is powered on?" This may sound ridiculous, but I have been asked this a few times and there seem to be no answers about it on the internet. So, my plan is to purchase a used graphics card from cheap on eBay and put it in one of my old Dell Optiplexs. I have conducted similar experiments before and they have not to lead to permanent system failure, however, I am not convinced the Quadro I have ordered will survive this experiment.
I will not be using cutting edge technology for this, it will literally be an old Quadro from 2008 which came from a dell precision.
unplug while on - power off the machine.
unplug, and plug back in, while the machine is on if it stays on.
power on the machine without the plug and put it in while it is on.
so what do you guys think will happen?
will the graphics card live to tell the tale?
will it simply not output anything?
I think your greatest risk lies in removing and connecting power connector in a way that all pins connect and disconnect at same time.
I would think that there might be issues if some pins connect at different times, so that positive is connected without negative or something like

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.690392
Retrieved Text: v. i. 1. To meet; to clash.
The resistance of the bodies they occur with.
2. To go in order to meet; to make reply.
I must occur to one specious objection.
3. To meet one's eye; to be found or met with; to present itself; to appear.
In Scripture, though the word heir occur, yet there is no such thing as "heir" in our author's sense.
4. To happen; to take place; as, I will write if opportunity occurs.
5. To come to the mind; to arise in the mind; to suggest itself; to be presented to the imagination or memory; - of an idea or thought; as, it never occurred to me to call John to ask.
There doth not occur to me any use of this experiment for profit.
Verb 1. occur - come to pass; "What is happening?"; "The meeting took place off without an incidence"; "Nothing occurred that seemed important"
2. occur - come to one's mind; suggest itself; "It occurred to me that we should hire another secretary"; "A great idea then came to her"
3. occur - to be found to exist; "sexism occurs in many workplaces"; "precious stones occur in a large area in Brazil"

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.62367
Retrieved Text: Residual Gathering was the result of an artistic experiment, an experiment exploring art’s potential for creating a space of action, for physical and cognitive ties to be woven. I asked two artists, Sarah Berners and Biatta Kelly, both unaware of the other’s practice, to respond to the gallery space, and each other’s work.
As an experiment, this exhibition is born from unpredictability, an experiment being a process of investigation in which the unknowable and unforeseeable may occur.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.618107
Retrieved Text: Wu, Rachel and Scerif, G. and Aslin, R.N. and Smith, Tim J. and Nako, R. and Eimer, Martin (2013) Searching for something familiar or novel: top–down attentional selection of specific items or object categories. Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience 25 (5), pp. 719-729. ISSN 0898-929X.
Visual search is often guided by top–down attentional templates that specify target-defining features. But search can also occur at the level of object categories. We measured the N2pc component, a marker of attentional target selection, in two visual search experiments where targets were defined either categorically (e.g., any letter) or at the item level (e.g., the letter C) by a prime stimulus. In both experiments, an N2pc was elicited during category search, in both familiar and novel contexts (Experiment 1) and with symbolic primes (Experiment 2), indicating that, even when targets are only defined at the category level, they are selected at early sensory-perceptual stages. However, the N2pc emerged earlier and was larger during item-based search compared with category-based search, demonstrating the superiority of attentional guidance by item-specific templates. We discuss the implications of these findings for attentional control and category learning.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.611958
Retrieved Text: Congruence bias is similar to confirmation bias in that both occur due to reliance on direct testing of hypotheses rather than utilizing indirect testing methods. What this means is that hypotheses are tested and retested under the exact same methods as the original experiment which repeatedly yields the same results as opposed to testing and observing the same circumstances in the real world.
A simple example of this could be an experiment with dropping objects of different weights. Under laboratory circumstances these experiments would yield the same results every time but if performed outside wind or other factors could interfere with the rate at which an object falls and generate different results.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.607944
Retrieved Text: Obedience is an essential part of everyday life of members of modern society. This word has become a synonym of good work and quality performance in the work place. People who are obedient are more likely to be accepted by the society and comforted by it, because disobedience usually means severe consequences especially when an order or a request comes from someone in direct authority to the object. In today's world people are becoming more and more distanced from their own understanding of things happening around them and thus are easily involved in matters that might be highly unpleasant for them. This happens because the major responsibility is taken by someone, a usually unseen and remote person who is in charge. The comprehension of the whole matter does not occur to the obedient object and thus for both parties, those who order and those who perform, it is much easier now to do things that would not be done if complete responsibility was taken by a single person.
Stanley Milgram's experiment is well known as an experiment of human willingness to obey the orders of authority, even if there is no real authority and no necessity to follow the orders. The whole experiment was based on the ‘teachers' and ‘learners' functions, one of them being asked questions and the other answered. The ‘learner' was an actor who pretended to experience pain from shocks that were given to him by the ‘teacher' in case of a wrong or no answer. The experiment has revealed numerous interesting observations which

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.553633
Retrieved Text: Whilst getting input from a potentiometer can be useful for human controlled experiments, what do we use when we want an environmentally controlled experiment? We use exactly the same principles but instead of a potentiometer (twist based resistance) we use a photo resistor (light based resistance). The Arduino cannot directly sense resistance (it senses voltage) so we set up a voltage divider. The exact voltage at the sensing pin is calculable, but for our purposes (just sensing relative light) we can experiment with the values and see what works for us. A low value will occur when the sensor is well lit while a high value will occur when it is in darkness.
Read the lightlevel. analogRead() Reads the value from the specified analog pin. This means that it will map input voltages between 0 and 5 volts into integer values between 0 and 1023.
map() = Re-maps a number from one range to another. That is, a value of fromLow would get mapped to toLow, a value of fromHigh to toHigh, values in-between to values in-between, etc.
Rather than controlling the brightness of the LED in response to light, let’s instead turn it on or off based on a threshold value. Change the loop() code with.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.517416
Retrieved Text: This user is a math and science teacher.
To determine when high and low and spring and neap tides occur in different ... (more) areas.
Students will answer questions regarding genotype and phenotype and use the ... (more) Gizmo and vocabulary to answer the questions.
Extension Activity- When do Sea and Land Breezes Occur?
To determine when high and low tides occur and Spring and Neap tides occur ... (more)in different coastal areas.
Students will experiment with magnets and explain what is happening throug ... (more)h words and drawings. They will use the Gizmo, then complete the extension questions.
Students will determine when land and sea breezes will occur in different c ... (more)oastal areas in the US.
Students will design and conduct an investigation using the Carbon Cycle G ... (more)izmo, on how changes in Carbon Reservoirs affect Carbon Dioxide levels in the atmosphere.
Students will complete hands-on activity and after completing the Gizmo the ... (more)y will do an extension.
Students will find mean, median, mode, and range for a movie of their selec ... (more)tion.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.50577
Retrieved Text: Workflow management systems are subject to failures, including: processor, network congestion, and machine reboot. Various fault tolerance techniques have been proposed to address these failures. Data integrity errors also cause workflows to fail, but little or no attention has been given to integrity faults. The Scientific Workflow Integrity with Pegasas (SWIP) project has shown data integrity errors do occur in the wild. These errors occur when transferring and storing experiment data. The inability of today’s validation mechanisms such as TCP checksums and Layer 2 checksums, motivated the SWIP project to add an extra layer of application layer data integrity verification using cryptographic hashes. Currently, the SWIP project takes a checkpoint all approach for integrity data; moving all integrity data for a task to stable storage. During this presentation, I will discuss our new approach, whereby we characterize nodes in workflow graphs based on the graph structure and propose several integrity-based checkpointing strategies. These strategies use a node’s properties to determine which nodes to checkpoint. When failures occur, the proposed integrity-based checkpointing strategies allow us to validate the integrity of the data from prior workflow tasks and re-use data during workflow retries. To facilitate the validation process, we implement a blockchain prototype, and evaluate the overhead of securely storing the integrity meta-data on a public blockchain.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.47753
Retrieved Text: Scientists try to figure out how the natural world works. In doing so, they use experiments to search for cause and effect relationships. Cause and effect relationships explain why things happen and allow you to reliably predict what will happen if you do something. In other words, scientists design an experiment so that they can observe or measure if changes to one thing cause something else to vary in a repeatable way.
The things that are changing in an experiment are called variables. A variable is any factor, trait, or condition that can exist in differing amounts or types. An experiment usually has three kinds of variables: independent, dependent, and controlled.
The independent variable is the one that is changed by the scientist. Why just one? Well, if you changed more than one variable it would be hard to figure out which change is causing what you observe. For example, what if our scientific question was: "How does the size of a dog affect how much food it eats?"; then, during your feeding experiments you changed both the size of the dog and the time of day the dogs were fed. The data might get a bit confusing— did the larger dog eat less food than the smaller dog because of his size or because it was the middle of the day and dogs prefer to eat more in the morning? Sometimes it is impossible to just change one variable, and in those cases, scientists rely on more-complicated mathematical analysis and additional experiments to try to figure out

================



======= Instance Index 33 =========
Input Text: Frogs are unable to give live birth, and their eggs are soft, unlike other eggs, in fact

Which is the correct answer?
- frog eggs are sour
- frog eggs are transparent
- frog eggs are yellow
- frog eggs are hollow

Target Text: frog eggs are transparent

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 45.66209
Retrieved Text: Climate change is having an impact on frogs that live on mountain tops. They are being hit hard since they are dependent on moist leaf litter found in cloud forests as a suitable place to lay their eggs. As temperatures increase further up mountain sides, clouds are being pushed further away and leaves are drying out leaving less suitable habitat for frogs to lay their eggs. As frogs migrate further up the mountain they are faced with the inevitable problem that once they reach the top, unlike birds, they can go no further.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 45.1763
Retrieved Text: Glass frogs are found in the rainforests of Central and South America and remain one of nature’s more fascinating oddities. It’s name perfectly matches its physical appearance, with translucent skin so clear you can see the frog’s organs.
The lack of pigmentation that allows us to see the glass frog’s heart pumping and innards hard at work is a mystery to scientists, but they are an impressive sight nonetheless.
Photographer Jamie Culebras recently published a stunning series of new photos of a female glass frog that appeared in the Daily Mail.
Culebras was making an inventory of amphibians and reptiles in the Mashpi Reserve in Ecuador when he came across the female glass frog.
“In the picture you can see perfectly the internal organs of the glass frog,” Culebras told the Daily Mail.
What makes these new photos so noteworthy is the fact that you can see the eggs of the female growing inside her.
Glass frogs, unlike most other frog species, do not abandon their eggs and instead, the female lays them and the males carefully stand guard over the eggs 24/7. The males ward off predators until the frogs hatch into tadpoles.
Male glass frogs are also extremely territorial and will fight other trespassing males.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 44.960133
Retrieved Text: In springtime, if you are lucky enough to live in such an area, you may experience one of nature's many wonders: frogspawn. As a kid, you may remember taking to the local streams and ponds in search of ever-elusive tadpoles. Also known as pollywogs, tadpoles are born in many different shapes, colors and sizes, generally denoting their stage of metamorphosis and their species. One interesting type of tadpole is generally all black — the toad, or in this stage, a "toadpole."
One distinguishing factor in toadpole identification is the color of the tadpole. Toadpoles are all black, whereas frog tadpoles are generally brown or even green. Another factor to consider is size. Though toads can grow to be quite large, their toadpoles tend to be quite small — less than 1 inch in length. They are certainly much smaller than bullfrog tadpoles. They also tend to be found in groups of many more than frog tadpoles because they are not preyed upon as much as the frogs.
Before becoming tadpoles, frogs and toads start in eggs. The difference that can help identify the tadpoles later is the style of eggs. Frog eggs are generally laid in gelatinous bunches, like grapes, whereas toads lay long strings of eggs that look like black beads connected by clear jelly.
Toads, unlike frogs, spend the majority of their lives on land. For this reason, you may find young toads farther from a main water source than their frog brethren. Frogs live the majority of their lives in, around and under the water. In

########
Rank: 3
Score: 43.331684
Retrieved Text: Next week I will take Saturday off for Christmas. On January 2nd, the next Saturday, I will post an animal fact on Facebook instead of my normal post. If you have not already liked Next Door Zoo on Facebook, click here to do that now so you won’t miss it! Don’t forget to share next door zoo with your family and friends over Christmas!
Wood frogs are medium-sized amphibians living throughout the United States and Canada. These frogs vary in color from reds, to gray, to browns. Their belly is usually white. If you look at the skin of the frog pictured above, you can probably tell how this frog got its name. It almost looks like the bark on a tree. By its back leg there is even a patch that almost looks like lichen! Behind the eyes there are brown patches. These patches aren’t brown in every wood frog, but each one does have a darker patch in the same place. This marking, sometimes called a “robber’s mask” is one of the distinguishing features of wood frogs. In the “robber’s mask,” behind the eye, you can see a faint circle. This is the frog’s tympanum, or outer ear. Extending from the eye to the back leg is a ridge that makes this frog look boxier than most.
These small frogs can be as small as 1.4 inches (3.5 cm) in length or up to 3.3 inches (8.3 cm) long. As you can see this is quite a big range, with the larger being twice as long

########
Rank: 4
Score: 42.66414
Retrieved Text: A chorus of male wood frogs “quacking” for potential mates is a sure sign of spring. Every year western toads and long-toed salamanders join wood frogs to breed in Maxwell Lake, often while some ice is still present. Adults of all three species enter the shallows to court and mate. After eggs are laid adults live in the forest up to one kilometre away from water feeding on insects and other invertebrates.
None of these species remain in the lake over the winter. In late fall salamanders and toads burrow down below the frost line for the winter. Amazingly, wood frogs are able to freeze solid and often spend the winter under logs or other ground cover. Wood frog eggs are in globular clusters, western toad eggs are in long strings and long-toed salamander eggs are singly glued to underwater vegetation. Salamander eggs are larger than frog or toad eggs.
Within 3 weeks, frog and toad eggs hatch into tadpoles and salamander eggs hatch into larvae. By August a process called metamorphosis transforms the young into adult form. These small versions of their parents then leave the water and live a terrestrial (i.e. dry ground) lifestyle. Long-toed salamanders from the same pond can look quite different and can live up to 10 years.
The terrestrial habitat around Maxwell Lake is just as important for this amphibian population as the pond itself since 90% of their time is spent in the adjacent forest.
The introduction of fish into a fishless pond can wipe out an amphibian population that uses that pond

########
Rank: 5
Score: 42.00167
Retrieved Text: WHAT’S not to love about this photo? In one fell swoop it inverts the reputation of a much-feared invertebrate. For the defenceless newborns sitting under the vicious sting are the scorpion’s own offspring, tended by their mother until they are big enough to survive on their own.
It’s not just me who likes the shot – it has won German photographer Ingo Arndt the Fritz Pölking award for the second time.
There’s a good reason why scorpions are one of the few instantly recognisable invertebrates&colon; that bulb at the end of the abdomen is full of deadly venom. What is less well known is that unlike most other arachnids they are viviparous&colon; rather than laying eggs they give birth to live young. The juveniles are unable to feed or defend themselves, or regulate their moisture levels – they need their mother’s protection. It’s all really quite cute.
But let’s not get carried away. Some of the scorpions in the Buthidae family – to which the animals pictured here belong – have venom that is deadly to humans. Cuddly they ain’t.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 41.41756
Retrieved Text: Poison Arrow Frogs or Poison Dart Frogs is the common names of the ‘Dendrobatidae’ family of small, diurnal frogs. Poison Arrow Frogs are usually found in Central and South American rainforests, near water sources. Most Poison Arrow Frogs are the size of an adult humans thumbnail, about half an inch to one inches long. Poison Arrow Frogs are recognised by their beautiful bright colours, yellow, black, blue, orange, green and red.
There are about 220 species of Poison Arrow Frogs. Most species of Poison Arrow Frogs are not toxic to animals and humans. However, more than 100 toxins have been identified in the skin secretions of some Poison Arrow Frogs.
Poison Arrow Frogs usually live on the forest floor but when breeding they venture into the forest canopy. The female Poison Arrow Frog lays her eggs on the land, about 4 – 6 at a time. When newly hatched, the tadpoles climb on the mothers back and are held there safely by a sticky mucus. The sticky mucus also keeps them moist during their long journey to the forest canopy where they will be safe from predators. The tadpoles stay in rainforest pools or in leaf crevices which are flooded with water and feed upon unfertilised mosquito and insect eggs until they develop into frogs.
Although these type of frogs are only tiny, some are deadly poisonous. The secretion on the frogs skin is lethal and if a predator even licks the skin the result is certain death. The frogs skin contains 200 micrograms of this poison. As little

########
Rank: 7
Score: 41.26693
Retrieved Text: As humans, we tend to anthropomorphise animals. An animal's level of 'cuteness' will often be directly linked to a standard we created for ourselves and are able to project onto other creatures. Frogs have never had an easy time in human history. Due to folklore and an old fantasy book - much like the snake - frogs are seen as evil creatures. However, some frogs find it harder to captivate humans than others. The Surinam Toad is one of them.
This amazing toad is an aquatic species and a master of camouflage. Found in swamps and slow-moving rivers in northern South America, it is able to camouflage itself among the dead leaves at the bottom of muddy waters. It feeds on small fish and small aquatic invertebrates.
However, the most extraordinary thing about the surinam toad is, in fact, how they give birth. In an extremely rough summary, the reproduction ritual involves the male and female swimming up to the surface of the water. The male holds onto the female from above and they turn upside down whilst performing a series of movements that fertilise the eggs. During this process, the male deposits the eggs onto the female's back with its feet. The skin on the female's back becomes spongy and envelops each egg. The eggs stay there from 3-4 months until fully formed toadlets break out of the mother's skin and swim away.
Yes. As I previously mentioned, they are pretty amazing. It is something else when you can say that the larval habitat of a species are

########
Rank: 8
Score: 41.120316
Retrieved Text: The garter snake (Thamnophis) can be found throughout most of North America.
Garter snakes are also called garden snake, gardner snake and ribbon snake.
Garter snakes can be found in a variety of habitats including, forests, woodlands, grasslands and lawns.
Garter snakes feed on earthworms, slugs, leeches, frogs, toads, salamanders, lizards, fish, rodents and sometimes eggs as well.
Garter snakes are viviparous (To give birth to live young) and can have up to eighty young.
Garter snakes can be active day or night and throughout the year, including warm winter days.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 40.89764
Retrieved Text: Frogs are a diverse group of tailless amphibians. There are about 4800 different species of frogs throughout the world. Frogs lay their eggs in water. The eggs develop into aquatic larvae called tadpoles. The tadpoles go through a metamorphosis which, upon completion, will allow the fronts to live out the rest of their lives on land. A frog’s skin is semi-permeable which makes it susceptible to dehydration. Frogs live in moist areas and most are carnivorous, but there are a small few species that will eat fruit.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 40.812664
Retrieved Text: Reptiles and fish are different classifications of animals although they share many similarities. It is often easy to tell apart a fish from a reptile, but examining the similarities between the two classifications reveals some exciting and interesting facts. Reptiles and fish (along with amphibians) are believed to be closely related on the evolutionary chain which is likely why the similarities are so striking.
Fish are always confined to water in order to survive and some reptiles find their natural home in water as well. Sea turtles are reptiles that spend the majority of their lives in the water, only returning to land in order to lay eggs. Sea snakes are another reptile that live in water and only come to the surface for air. Some types of sea snakes return to land to lay eggs while others will lay them in the water. Alligators and crocodiles are reptiles that spend the majority of their lives in water and marsh-lands.
Fish and reptiles are both cold-blooded creatures. Cold-blooded refers to the fact that fish and reptiles do not create their own internal temperature such as humans and other mammals do. Instead, they take on the temperature of their surroundings. Both fish and reptiles have the ability to survive with very low or very high temperatures and most fish and reptiles flourish in warmer temperatures. Warm temperatures allow fish and reptiles to be more active and to move more quickly. Fish and reptiles both seek warm temperatures -- reptiles often look for sunlight while fish look for warm water.
Both

########
Rank: 11
Score: 40.31211
Retrieved Text: A nasally w-a-a-a-a-a-h reminiscent of a bawling calf explodes across the desert night. The horsetails ruffle. Seconds later a piercing cry screams to the stars. The grass moves and a Woodhouse's toad jumps toward the slow moving water.
The sun is setting. The smell of musky marsh permeates the cool night and I expect a dinosaur to step out of the brush. Fossil records show early frogs shared the forests in the Jurassic Period with dinosaurs. The lineage of the toad is not clear, yet it can be traced back to primitive fish named Ichtyhostegalia.
I spot the Woodhouse's toad. The 4-inch long toad moves slowly and continuously, attempting to get out of my reach. The beauty of the wrinkled gray-green skin intrigues me. I lie on the ground and watch the heart beating under the throat, regularly, like a drum, offsetting the bulging white eyes above. I gaze into the toad's eyes and meet an ancestral stare; then he hops away.
Breeding season is underway. Unlike frogs, toads deposit a string of eggs surrounded by a single jelly-like envelope. Each inch of string holds 17 to 25 eggs. The fertilized eggs soon develop into tadpoles, and the large-headed polliwogs filter-feed upon decaying plant matter. Removal of this material increases the amount of oxygen in the water and prolongs the life of the pond.
Continuing the life cycle, hind legs grow on the tadpole. Then the front legs grow under the skin and burst through. Lungs replace the gills, and finally, the tail is absorbed and the adult stage begins.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 39.954033
Retrieved Text: NUS-led study shows father frogs prevent cannibalistic rivals from consuming eggs and causing damage.
Researcher’s team of the Department of Biological Sciences (DBS) at the National University of Singapore’s Faculty of Science has discovered that male white-spotted bush frogs (Rochester chalazodes) committed to guarding their fertilized eggs against other cannibalistic male frogs and predators.
The study committed that the adult male white-spotted bush frogs are the mere caregivers of their offspring, predominantly by attending to and safeguarding the eggs.
The Raochestes chalazodes, recognized extinct until its rediscovery in 2011 in the Western Ghats of India, is recently listed as critically endangered.
Perhaps, Mr. Seshadri Ph.D. claimant of DBS was one of the researchers who rediscovered the frogs. While frogs tentatively their eggs in or above standing water, white-spotted bush frogs lay their eggs inside the hollow internodes of reed bamboo that grow along streambanks and their offspring emerge from the eggs as fully-formed froglets.
Notwithstanding, an adult Raochestes chalazodes is normally about two centimeters in length, it enters the narrow openings of the reed bamboo internodes with considerable resistance as the openings are even tapered (often less than 5 to 10 millimeters long and 3 to 4 millimeters wide).
During the study, the researchers’ utilized pipe inspection cameras or endoscopes to perceive frog egg clutches daily until all froglets and the attending father frogs left the spawning site.
They studied a total of over 40 egg clutches across two breeding seasons in 2015 and 2016.
The researchers discovered that male frogs that have perceived suitable spots for spawning in sections of the reed bamboo

########
Rank: 13
Score: 39.831165
Retrieved Text: Gray tree frogs eat insects, snails, and spiders. They hunt on the ground and in plants.
Gray tree frogs live in forests that are close to bodies of water. Like other frogs, they lay their eggs in pools of water.
Gray tree frogs are able to change color to better blend in with their surroundings. They use the sticky pads on their toes to climb and hold on to trees and other plants. In the wintertime, these frogs are able to partially freeze under leaf litter and thaw again in the spring.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 39.536533
Retrieved Text: What is the Difference Between Frogs and Toads? Learn Here!
The big question is what is the difference between frogs and toads? The problem with this question is that there isn’t an easy answer because toads ARE frogs, or at least they are in the frog family. But toads aren’t what are called “true frogs". True frogs are the species of frogs that most people think of as frogs and not toads. True toads are what people think of as toads and not frogs. There are several differences in true North American frogs and true North American toads.
Frogs have smooth, wet skin that looks slimy. Toads have drier, rough skin that looks really bumpy, like warts. This is where the myth comes from that you will get warts when you touch a toad, but that just isn’t true. Toads do have a weird smell and yucky taste to their skin, though. This is to keep bigger animals from wanting to eat them.
Frogs have skinnier bodies than toads to. Toads are kind of wide and look fat. Frogs also have longer legs and webbed hind feet, but toads don’t need long jumping legs because they walk, and they don’t need webbed back feet for swimming because they live on land. Frogs live in water and jump everywhere they go.
Toads do lay their eggs in water, though, because their babies start off as tadpoles, just like frog babies do. The difference is that frog eggs are laid in bunches, or clusters, and they have a jelly-like substance around them.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 39.532475
Retrieved Text: Do Platy Fish Give Live Birth?
There are three main methods of reproduction in fish. These include dropping unfertilized eggs into the water, which are later fertilized by a male releasing sperm into the water; releasing fertilized eggs either into the water or into a nest; and giving live birth.
Platy fish are livebearers, which means that they give birth to live young rather than dropping eggs into the water like many other fish. These young are capable of swimming and fending for themselves from the moment they are born. The young usually hide in aquatic plants and rocks after birth to avoid being eaten. A female platy who has just given birth will not eat her own young for at least the first 12 hours thanks to a hormone that suppresses her appetite. In an aquarium, other fish may eat the newborn platy, but they can be protected with a breeding net or by moving the expectant mother to a brood tank just before she gives birth.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 39.29661
Retrieved Text: Frogs lay eggs in water, dirt, puddles of water located in plants and some even keep them on their back until they become froglets. But did you know that one species of frog, the white-spotted bush frog (Raorchestes chalazodes) lays its eggs in live bamboo that have narrow openings?
According to a research paper published in The Linnean Society of London's Biological Journal of the Linnean Society, this type of reproductive strategy is known to occur in just two species of frog, the white spotted bush frog and the Ochlandra reed frog (Raorchestes ochlandrae. What makes this story even more interesting is the fact that the white spotted bush frog, until very recently, was thought to have been extinct for the last 100 years. A recent discovery of specimens in wet evergreen forests in the Western Ghats region of the Kalakad Mundanthurai Tiger Reserve reversed that notion. Now the frog is known to take a novel reproductive approach.
The frog, which grows to about 25mm in length, climbs into the bamboo opening (some which are 5 to 10 mm in length and 3 to 4mm wide) and deposit their eggs in the opening. The researchers also noted that the frogs don’t deposit their eggs in bamboo that have openings at the top of the shoot, but rather in bamboo that have openings in the base of the stalk. They speculate that the frogs know that openings at the top may result in the eggs or froglets getting flooded with water, killing the amphibians.
The white spotted bush frog is

########
Rank: 17
Score: 39.06803
Retrieved Text: Adult green frogs range from 2-4 inches in body length. Dorsolateral ridges, prominent, seam-like skin folds that run down the sides of the back, distinguish the green frog from the bullfrog, which entirely lacks them. Green frogs live wherever there is shallow fresh water - ponds, road-side ditches, lakes, swamps, streams and brooks. Green frogs breed in freshwater. Males call from and defend territories. The distinctive call sounds like a plucked banjo string, usually given as a single note, but sometimes repeated. The breeding season is from April to August. The female releases her eggs and the male simultaneously releases sperm which swim to the egg mass. A single egg clutch may consist of 1000 to 7000 eggs. Green frog tadpoles are olive green and iridescent creamy-white below. Tadpoles graze on algae and water plants. Males become mature at 1 year, females may mature in either 2 or 3 years. Green frogs will attempt to eat any mouth-sized animal they can capture, including insects, spiders, fish, crayfish, shrimp, frogs, tadpoles, small snakes, birds, snails.
The American Bullfrog is an aquatic frog and is a member of the Ranidae family. The bullfrog is the largest of the North American ranids, reaching a body length of 7.9 inches, and weighing up to 1.7 lb. Bullfrogs are generally varying shades of green or brown. The head is usually mostly green. The body varies from olive to brown, and may be darkly blotched or spotted. Breeding begins in late spring or early summer and fertilization is external in ranid frogs, meaning

########
Rank: 18
Score: 39.011864
Retrieved Text: Like something out of Game of Thrones, a female olm lizard in Slovenia is about to give birth, and people are getting rather excited about the arrival of a new litter of ‘baby dragons’.
Calling this the birth of ‘baby dragons’ is not 100pc accurate, obviously, but it is a fair comparison for the olm lizard, which is one of those real almost-mythical creatures that breeds only once every decade or so.
While you’d wonder how such a species hasn’t just died off quite quickly, the species’ ability to survive despite such low birth rates is largely down to the fact it can live for a century, quite easily, in deep caves away from other animal contact or in aquariums.
According to The Guardian, the olm is perhaps one of the strangest-looking lizards out there, largely due to the fact it has no eyes and a skin that eerily resembles our own.
This particular female olm had been living in an aquarium for some time, but following the accidental discovery of a white dot on the side of her tank in January, biologists swooped in to protect the olm and her eggs by removing other creatures from the tank.
In total, the olm laid 57 eggs, of which three have gone on to develop into likely hatchlings that will be due sometime this June.
This is an amazing achievement considering that olm eggs have rather poor rates of survivability, with them needing to survive for 120 days in order to mature properly.
The team of Slovenian biologists are so protective of the olm

########
Rank: 19
Score: 38.743828
Retrieved Text: Day 11: For today’s Close Up Monday, the species in question is the tiny but mighty tadpole.
In our minuscule wildlife pond we have at least two tadpoles. It has been thrilling to see them develop. At present they have grown their limbs and will soon emerge from the pond. Let’s look more closely into their life-cycle.
A female frog or toad can lay up to 50,000 eggs known as frogspawn. Tadpoles are the larval stage of the cycle and hatch from around 1-3 weeks. They eat vegetation and have adapted jaws to do this.
The tadpoles in our yarden have been undergoing a fascinating metamorphosis. Unlike the butterfly, who goes into a crystals to morph, the tadpole changes before our very eyes.
Lungs develop, gills vanish, and limbs grow. I thought one of our tadpoles looked pretty mean! You can see its limbs clearly in the picture. Over time the tail is absorbed and the frog/toad becomes terrestrial.
Frogs and toads are Anuran which means tail-less. Their skin is permeable to water meaning that if a frog is thirsty they just have to jump into water, while toads just need to find a muddy spot in which to absorb moisture through their stomachs. Frogs and toads are carnivorous and eat mosquitoes, files, snails and other invertebrates. Frogs reach maturity at three years old whereas toads at four. Frogs can live up to eight years and toads 12 years. I found most of my information from the Woodland Trust website, here. and Arkansas Frogs and Toads.
Do you have any frogs/toads living

########
Rank: 20
Score: 38.74362
Retrieved Text: In a world first, researchers at the University of Sydney have observed a normally live-bearing Australian lizard lay three eggs and then weeks later, give birth to a live baby from the same pregnancy. This is the first time such an event has been documented in a single litter of vertebrate babies.
The three-toed skink (Saiphos equalis) is one of only a handful of rare "bimodally reproductive" species, in which some individuals lay eggs and others give birth to live babies. But up until now, no vertebrate has ever been observed to do both in one litter.
"It is a very unusual discovery," said Dr Camilla Whittington, from the School of Life and Environmental Sciences and Sydney School of Veterinary Science at the University of Sydney.
The three-toed skink is native to the east coast of Australia. In the northern highlands of New South Wales the animals normally give birth to live young, but those living in and around Sydney lay eggs.
"We were studying the genetics of these skinks when we noticed one of the live-bearing females lay three eggs," Dr Whittington said. "Several weeks later she gave birth to another baby. Seeing that baby was a very exciting moment!"
The observation will be published in Biology Letters this week, along with advanced microscopy of the egg-coverings.
There are at least 150 evolutionary transitions from egg-laying to live-bearing in vertebrates said Dr Whittington, who led the study alongside Dr Melanie Laird, a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Otago, and Emeritus Professor Mike Thompson.
"The earliest vertebrates were egg-layers, but over thousands

########
Rank: 21
Score: 38.740086
Retrieved Text: As adults, we have two categories of books, non-fiction and fiction. But have you ever asked yourself why we don't see as many non-fiction storybooks written for our juniors? Fortunately, the creative development team at Nosy Crow has released an innovative non-fiction storybook apps that are based on circular characters whose stories start where they end. In one of their storybooks entitled Rounds: Franklin Frog, the developers successfully explains the life cycle of a frog through the story of Franklin and his descendants.
Rounds: Franklin Frog is a non-fictional children's storybook about the life cycle of a frog.
The app stars a frog named Franklin, who accompanies you as you learn about his habitat and other fun facts about frogs. During your exploration, you will also learn about the daily activities of a frog, such as jumping round in the pond, swimming underwater while avoiding the predator heron and eating snails, earthworms, and flies.
When winter comes, Franklin shows how frogs typically hibernate until the season changes. And when spring comes, he starts to search for a mate. Along with other frogs, Franklin make sounds in the night to attract a mate. He is then able to attract a female frog named Felicity.
As soon as they mate, Felicity starts to lay her eggs. She lays up to 2,000 eggs, forming a frogspawn, knowing that only five of them would successfully hatch into a tadpole. To help the eggs hatch, you need to protect them from being eaten by a larger fish.
Once an egg hatches into a tadpole, you will

########
Rank: 22
Score: 38.602127
Retrieved Text: Female up to 1 3/4 in. or 8.5 cm.
Male up to 1 7/16 in. or 7 cm.
Hind legs are smaller than local frogs.
Frogs live independently. They lay eggs on a leaf. This is why its called a leaf frog. Then they roll it up and make sure it stays that way ith a waxy substance that they produce. Then when it rains, the eggs get caught by the water and are rushed out of the leaf and into a pond or other body of water. The eggs hatch and the baby spends the first part of its life as a tadpole. Eventually the tadpole forms legs and its gills change to lungs. It is then that the tadpole comes onto land in the form of a frog. This frog catches very small insects such as flies and ants for its food.
The Argentine Leaf Frog has several features that distinguish him from other species. His green skin generally matches the color of the vegetation around his home. The white spots are not only used for identification between frogs, but also for camoflauge from predators.
The Argentine Leaf Frog at the Fort Worth Zoo is a Female. Right now the zoo only has one of these frogs on exhibit.
In the zoo this frog stays in the same place most of the time. It is not the most exciting animal to watch, but it certainly is one of the more beautiful species in the Herpetarium.
A special thanks to everyone at the Fort Worth zoo for their help.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 38.600704
Retrieved Text: There are various species of frogs in this world, but one of the most surprising and strange specie is glass frog that belongs to Centrolenidae family of amphibians. The name “Glass Frog” is the depiction of crystal appearance of this frog with lime green background color.
However, there are also such frogs lie in this family that are characterized by translucent abdominal skin. Thanks to such skin membrane, the internal body parts of this frog such as liver, heart and intestinal system can be seen clearly. With respect to size, glass frogs are not very big with average length just 1-3 inches. The major distinction of glass frogs from its other species is the very cruel fact that is eating their little young. The green color of upper part and translucent lower body make the amazing combination that mesmerizes the viewers.
In terms of structural appearance, there is no such a great difference in glass frogs and other frogs especially the members of genus Eleutherodactylus. In fact, these frogs have much resemblance with Hylid tree frogs that belong to Hylidae family. The only difference between these two frogs is that, the glass frogs have face forwarded eyes while the hylid frogs have face sided eyes. The interesting thing is that, there are some species of hylid green frogs that even comprise the transparent abdominal skin just like the glass frogs. These species are Hypsiboas pellucens and Hyloscirtus palmeri. Here, it becomes very difficult to distinguish between glass frogs and green tree grogs. However, the translucent species of green

########
Rank: 24
Score: 38.525913
Retrieved Text: Hissing cockroach egg sacks are kind of like human eggs -- they exist, but if you can see one it means there's a problem. Mother hissing cockroaches gestate their eggs internally and give birth to live young. After giving birth, they eject the egg shells and the newborn nymphs eat it -- a process you're unlikely to see.
Madagascar hissing cockroaches (Gromphadorhina portentosa) are named for their characteristic form of communication. Unlike most insects, hissers use sound more than pheromones to tell each other what's what. They have special hisses with different meanings to scare predators, threaten trespassers, prepare for battle and achieve successful courtship. Males vigorously defend small territories within the cockroach colony. They "sword fight" with their antennae and noisily bash one another for the opportunity to acquire lady friends, who they treat very gently. Displays are impressive, but males rarely injure each other in these contests.
Females hissing cockroaches are peaceful. They hiss at intruders but don't fight with each other, males or their young. Mating begins with gentle touching and ends with very loud hisses of triumph. Fertilization is internal. They're ovoviviparous, meaning they don't have a uterus, but the young develop and hatch inside the mother, who then gives birth to as many as 50 per clutch. Babies usually continue to ride around on their moms until their first molt.
A hissing cockroach egg sack is properly called an ootheca. The sacs look like flat, segmented white worms and can be almost as long as the female's body. You really shouldn't ever see one,

########
Rank: 25
Score: 38.496925
Retrieved Text: Poison dart frogs lay their eggs in lukewarm pools of water at the brim of leaves, where the eggs are in a secure place, high in the canopy.
Darts coated with the potent toxin of Phyllobates terribilis were swiftly blown at birds and other animals through a blowshaft.
The poison of dart frogs is a subject of scientific research.
Poison dart frogs have a reputation for being difficult to care for in captivity, and in the past this was more true.
Poison dart frogs are still sensitive animals that will not tolerate a large amount of mistakes, but finding healthy frogs and purchasing the required supplies to keep them is now easier than it has been in the past.
If groups of frogs are housed together in one terrarium it’s important that there is plenty of extra room, visual barriers, and hiding spots, and that the keeper keeps a very close eye on all animals in the terrarium to assure that all have access to food.
Poison dart frogs live in the rainforests of Central and South America and on a few Hawaiian islands.
Poison dart frogs feed mostly on spiders and small insects such as ants and termites, which they find on the forest floor using their excellent vision.
Poison dart frogs, also called poison arrow frogs, are so named because some Amerindian tribes have used their secretions to poison their darts.
The Blue poison frog is one of the most striking of the poison arrow frogs.
Frogs with a less deadly toxin are skewered over a fire which excretes large quantities of concentrated poison.
Poison

########
Rank: 26
Score: 38.445633
Retrieved Text: Hedgehogs have spiny backs with soft fur underneath. When under threat, a hedgehog rolls itself into a ball with its spines sticking out in all directions; few animals can penetrate this armour. During the cold months of winter, European Hedgehogs hibernate among dry leaves, but they do emerge on warmer days to hunt for food.
The European Hedgehog pictured above is foraging for food on a bright winter morning, but if threatened a Hedgehog defends itself by curling into a ball (see below) and relying on the deterrent effect of its many hundreds of tough sharp spines.
The diet of hedgehogs comprises worms, frogs, snakes, mice, large insects and birds' eggs.
In the summer months - usually in July or early August - Hedgehogs give birth to litters of typically four to eight young.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 38.26148
Retrieved Text: These frogs are found in warm humid rainforest areas surrounded by dry savannah and always near small streams among moss covered rocks.
Blue poison arrow frogs are found only in the Sipaliwini savannah in the South American country of Suriname.
Although many frogs are green or have muted colors and patterns that help them hide from potential predators, some frogs like the blue poison arrow frog use bright colors as a means of defense. The brilliant blue color of these frogs serves as a warning to potential predators not to eat it. Often the more vibrant and colorful a frog is, the more poisonous it may be.
The most amazing adaptation these frogs have is their ability to produce toxins. The toxins in the skin of these frogs are found in high concentrations in the prey they eat, especially ants. After eating the ants, these toxic compounds are secreted by glands in the frog’s skin providing them with a powerful means of defense. The toxin is capable of paralyzing or even killing potential predators. The blue poison arrow frog contains an average of 200 micrograms of poison which would cause harm and could possibly prove fatal even to a human.
The blue poison arrow frog is 1.2 to 1.8 inches (3-4.5 cm) long; females are larger than males.
These frogs weigh about one-tenth of an ounce (3 grams).
These frogs have azure blue on their legs, sky blue on the back and darker blue on the belly with an irregular pattern of dark blue and black spots covering their back and head.
In

########
Rank: 28
Score: 37.829365
Retrieved Text: Time has come to talk about the tiny and lovely creatures that hide in the corals of the ocean. We’ll go over a few interesting and random facts about seahorses, their way of life, how and what they eat and how they reproduce. Later on you can tell us which fact you found to be the most interesting. Be sure to check out the fourth one. It’s quite amazing!
Now let’s go over to the most surprising facts about seahorses!
After so much debate between scientists, it was finally decided that seahorses are indeed fish, and they actually belong in the same group as cod and tuna (the group is called bony fish). It is not at all surprising that they would be classified as fish, as they do have the characteristics of one: they have gills, and they use their swim bladder to control buoyancy.
Among some of the most surprising facts about seahorses is the fact that they can’t swim very well! Although they are in the same fish group as tuna and cod, they are not so good at swimming. Rather than swim, they would prefer to rest in one spot for a few days, next to the same seaweed and coral. They do spin their fins at a fast rate, but they do not move as fast. One thing they can do quite well is swim backwards or in any other direction they desire.
These tiny little creatures can be found in temperate waters throughout the world. They do however have specific places they prefer to

########
Rank: 29
Score: 37.727745
Retrieved Text: There are so many interesting Fun Frog Facts for Kids!
Let’s learn with facts about frogs for kids!
So I made a life cycle of a frog worksheets a few days ago and I have to admit their life cycle is pretty fascinating, more fascinating than most other animals.
However there are a ton more Frog Facts for Kids about these amphibians that your kids (and you) just need to know (as some are downright odd).
So let’s do some hopping and learn about frogs!
They typically lay their eggs in the water.
A group of eggs is called a frogspawn.
Tadpoles have no lungs, they have gills.
They grow lungs before they mature into a frog.
Frogs don’t drink water – they soak it into their body through their skin.
They breathe through the nose and their skin.
They need to live near water as their skin must constantly be moist. If it dries out the frog dies.
They catch their pray with their tongue.
Their eyeballs assist them in swallowing food – they push the food down their throat by pushing down the eyeballs.
Their vision field is almost 360° so they can see all that is around them all the time!
Their call is called a croak.
Frogs can hibernate. In extreme conditions they can also enter a state called torpor which can last for months.
Free Printable PDF with Ant Facts!
Get your free printable Frog Facts for Kids here.

================



======= Instance Index 34 =========
Input Text: A woman wants to figure out what renewable resources she can use in order to be more environmentally friendly and sufficient. She decides to use all of these resources that are renewable, with the exception of the one nonrenewable, which is

Which is the correct answer?
- sunlight
- aluminium
- wood
- water

Target Text: aluminium

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 36.475014
Retrieved Text: The Green Chamber of Nevada is a 501(c)6 organization that promotes green, sustainability and conservation in Nevada. The Green Chamber is an independent organization not affiliated with any political party, candidate or other organization.
The Green Chamber of Nevada was established to encourage and foster the success of green businesses throughout the state. Our focus is to promote green ideas in our community and businesses, and to be a source of green education in our state.
We envision Nevada as becoming a leader in sustainable energy, renewable resources, and maintaining a vibrant, green economy committed to environmental and social responsibility.
Our members believe that even small changes in our behaviors and practices can make a big impact on our environment. Each of our members have pledged to maintain green practices from recycling to creating renewable energy sources. We advocate on behalf of bringing resources to the state of Nevada to protect our land, air, water, and future.
From businesses that want to construct a green building or make energy saving improvements to their existing one, to organizations making an effort to reduce their resource usage by limiting paper copies. The Green Chamber of Nevada supports the businesses and promotes these green ideas to other businesses, helping everyone reduce their environmental footprint.you have a green idea that you would like to spread the word about, the Chamber wants to hear it. Send us an email and let the team know about your resource saving tips, and your idea may even be featured in our publication.
The Green Chamber of Nevada has a

########
Rank: 1
Score: 35.98152
Retrieved Text: Home Science & Technology Where Does Energy That Powers My Gadgets Come From?
Where Does Energy That Powers My Gadgets Come From?
With light switches, plug sockets and electronic devices all around us, it can be all too easy to take energy for granted. However, the electricity that powers your household gadgets has already been on a long journey by the time it reaches your home, sometimes travelling hundreds of miles to light up your bulbs and power your TV.
The vast majority of the electricity that powers your central heating service comes from fossil fuels, with around 35% coming from coal and 28% from natural gas.
Though this may sound like a large percentage, the amount of energy produced by burning fossil fuels is actually at an all time low, with power from nuclear plants and renewable sources increasing every year. The charts below show just how much energy sources can change in a year, with the percentages of gas, coal and nuclear power altering significantly from 2011 to 2012.
The UK is currently home to 16 nuclear reactors that between them produce around 20% of the country’s electricity but it also received energy from other countries. In coming years, the majority of older reactors are to be retired with new, more efficient projects now in the planning stages. As power plants modernise and become more efficient, more and more of the electricity that powers our homes will come from a nuclear source.
Clean, green and potentially inexhaustible, renewable and environmentally friendly sources of electricity are set to become much more

########
Rank: 2
Score: 35.746243
Retrieved Text: Recent demand for new natural energy sources is closely intertwined with another green wave sweeping the country: Green building.
Also known as sustainable building or green construction, green building is essentially the process of creating eco-friendly and resource-efficient structures which minimize negative environmental impact. As people have become more environmentally conscious, the demand for green building has increased greatly. Today many contractors advertise themselves as green builders, emphasizing the fact that they build structures which are more environmentally-friendly than ever before. Trends such as green condos are taking off in big cities across the US, as more and more people seek to minimize their environmental footprint and endorse an environmentally-friendly lifestyle.
Green building can refer to any number of aspects in both the construction process and final product of a green building project. One way to make the construction process green-friendly is to properly dispose of waste produced during construction and to recycle any recyclable materials used in the process.
If a construction crew works on a demolition project, for example, it is possible that various parts of the structure being torn down can be recycled; this is far more environmentally friendly than simply sending all this material to the landfill.
Construction can also be green-friendly by using eco-friendly materials. Renewable plant materials like bamboo, recycled stones and metals, adobe blocks, and recycled industrial goods are just a few materials which builders have started to use when creating green-friendly buildings. By using sustainable, recycled and/or renewable materials, builders can avoid needless waste and reduce a building’s environmental footprint.
There are a

########
Rank: 3
Score: 34.965046
Retrieved Text: Climate change is a phenomenon that affects all of us. Traffic is one of the biggest sources of carbon dioxide emissions. Approximately one-fifth of the EU's carbon dioxide emissions are generated by traffic, and this figure is likely to increase.
To meet the goals relating to reduction of greenhouse gas emissions and increasing the use of renewable energy in the EU, we believe that the traffic sector will also have to contribute towards a reduction in carbon dioxide emissions.
The most significant environmentally friendly, cost-efficient and easily available solution for reducing greenhouse gas emissions is our Neste MY renewable diesel™ based on our proprietary technology. The use of Neste MY renewable diesel made from 100% renewable raw materials can result in 50–90% lower greenhouse gas emissions when compared with conventional fossil diesel.
In 2016, renewable diesel produced by Neste reduced greenhouse gas emissions by approximately 6.7 million tons.
We produce our Neste Renewable Diesel in the Porvoo, Rotterdam and Singapore refineries. We have increased the capacity of our renewable diesel refineries to 2.6 million tons.
We sell Neste MY Renewable Diesel as a component of bio and diesel fuel to corporate customers, mainly in Europe and North America. Due to the high quality of the product, customers can use it in a flexible manner, optimize their logistics chain, and produce high-quality blended products. The product can also be sold to distributor companies as a readymade blend of fossil and renewable diesel. Due to its excellent cold weather characteristics, it is also suitable for aviation.
Besides reducing carbon dioxide emissions from traffic, renewable

########
Rank: 4
Score: 34.944046
Retrieved Text: Exciting green business opportunities are around every corner, especially in today's market where people are leaning more and more toward green products and services. Why not take advantage of this amazing and environmentally friendly trend to make a living?
Did you know that over 60 million Americans are interested in products that are sustainable, organic, and healthier than traditionally offered products? They're also extremely interested in getting back to the basics or making good use of new renewable energy sources that have entered the market in the few years.
That sounds like a wide open market, doesn't it? Small business owners or anyone aspiring to become a small business owner could definitely benefit from this green trend! Why not solve a problem for the environment, serve consumers, and make a living too?
What Green Business Opportunities Are Available?
You must think out side the box when you're trying to come up with ideas about how to make a service or product that is currently available greener or completely green. Every market, whether it's food, clothing, fuel, plants, Internet, solar, wind, finance, furniture, or restaurants, every single one can benefit from making changes toward a more environmentally friendly product or service.
The following is a list of just some of the potential green business opportunities that are ready and waiting for anyone willing to jump in with both feet and work at it!
This is only a sampling of what is available when it comes to exploring possible green business opportunities!
Is The Green Movement Here to Stay?
Yes! The push toward a more environmentally

########
Rank: 5
Score: 34.770737
Retrieved Text: Have you ever wondered what happens to old crash helmets when they are damaged or thrown away? Giro did, and they came up with the Silo Helmet as a result.
Instead of chucking plastic helmets onto the scrap heap and adding to the already huge amounts of landfill waste, Giro decided to make an environmentally conscious helmet. For starters, the foam lining is made from a material derived from corn, known as Expanded Polyactic Acid (E-PLA), which is just as good at shock absorption but less harsh on the environment.
Others components of the helmet are also manufactured to reduce their environmental impact, using fewer non-renewable resources and offering the opportunity to recycle individual components after use. The bio-foam liner and straps can be put out to compost, while the other components can be recycled.
Giro spent a huge amount of money researching materials which are environmentally friendly without compromising performance. After all, it’s no good having a compostable helmet which doesn’t fulfil its primary function of protecting your head in case of an accident, and Giro has tested the helmet exhaustively to ensure its performance.
By making a more environmentally-friendly helmet, Giro offers cyclists an ethical choice when it comes to head protection, and innovation need not come at a high cost to the consumer. The Silo will cost $50 when it goes on sale early in 2016.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 34.39806
Retrieved Text: Over the years, there has been a growing emphasis on environmentally friendly materials and practices in the construction industry. Building an eco-friendly home does not just reduce the impact of construction on the environment – but also saves a lot of money in the long run.
As the world is constantly changing around us, it’s crucial to be environmentally aware and active. To take measures towards preserving nature, one should start by making their home eco-friendly. A lasting impact can be made by using sustainable products such as drywall, solar panels and various other recycled materials.
Solar energy is a clean and renewable source of energy. Solar panels are based on an emerging technology for people who want to switch to an environmentally friendly home. It uses various techniques for efficient utilisation of solar power. From generating electricity, regulating the temperature of the home and what not, solar panels can help in reducing carbon footprint. The location of a house and the way the solar panels are installed determines how much power can be generated. By taking advantage of solar power, one can effectively bring down the energy consumption through other means.
Made of an environmentally friendly material called gypsum, drywall is the perfect step towards building a green house. From saving water during construction to improving its insulation, there are various ways in which drywall proves to be environmentally-friendly. Brands like SCG Smart Build offer sustainable drywall solution which is completely recyclable and saves up to 99% of water as compared to the traditional brick wall.
The drywall products

########
Rank: 7
Score: 34.365116
Retrieved Text: Green investing is becoming more of a priority for many individuals in recent years. Because of an increased emphasis on protecting the environment, many individuals look for a way to invest in companies that are doing their part. Here are a few popular methods of green investing.
One way that you could get involved with green investing is to put money into an energy company. There are many companies out there that are trying to create alternative forms of energy that can be used on a widespread basis. Many of these companies are in the development stage and require additional capital in order to keep going. In some cases, this could be a great opportunity because you are getting in on the ground floor of a revolutionary method of creating energy. Many utility companies are also making an effort to transition over to using a certain amount of renewable energy. You could choose to invest in some of the companies that are leading this transition.
There are many car manufacturers out there that are also putting an emphasis on creating environmentally friendly cars. There are certain companies that are completely devoted to developing electric cars, hydrogen cars, or some other type of vehicle that does not rely on fossil fuels. You might also choose to invest in some of the bigger car companies that are integrating more electric cars and hybrids into their lineup.
Sometimes, companies can be green without actually being in a green industry. Many companies that are in other industries are leaders in their category in

########
Rank: 8
Score: 34.11796
Retrieved Text: 12 oz. Renewable bowls environmentally friendly making them the perfect bowls to use when you compost. A green product made from sustainable resources.
Opaque Design - DURABLE biodegradable bowls are comparable to the heaviest tableware available - made from Eco Friendly and renewable Plant Fiber.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 34.117798
Retrieved Text: The contemporary green building movement arose out of the need and desire for more energy efficient and environmentally friendly building practices. The oil price increases of the 1970s spurred significant research and activity to improve energy efficiency and find renewable energy sources.
Here are the top 5 greet insulation options by HowStuffWorks.com. Check out the 5 different types of insulation that are eco-friendly.
Eco friendly design methodology can further reduce energy consumption by minimising energy inputs for heating, cooling and light, and incorporating energy efficient appliances. Saving energy for the occupant also saves money – an issue that will become increasingly important as the cost of fossil fuels inevitably rises in the near future.
Eco-Friendly Roofing Options Asphalt shingles aren't your only option. Whether wood, metal, or rubber, you can choose from a variety of durable and eco-friendly roofing materials.
Meet Trupti Doshi -- an architect who has resolved to use eco-friendly building techniques. She led to the construction of Sharanam Rural Development Centre. Meet Trupti Doshi -- an architect who has resolved to use eco-friendly building techniques. ... This Architect Has Mastered the Use of Sustainable & Eco-Friendly Materials in Construction.
Eco-friendly construction involves the use of materials and processes that are resource-efficient and environmentally responsible throughout the life cycle of a building.
Building Materials for Low Cost Housing Construction. ... low cost materials, economical construction technologies and use of alternate construction methods available. ... The first step to low cost building material selection is to select eco-friendly building materials. This also enhances the sustainable design principle.
Environmentally friendly apartments - Living

########
Rank: 10
Score: 33.976883
Retrieved Text: The definition of a green economy is as elusive as the name itself. It appears to be divided somewhere between a green environment and green economy. In this article we will be looking at how Canada is doing today with a peek into the future. I consider every person living in Canada a Canadian when referring to this topic. No matter how many ways we think of a greener future everyone can participate.
The population of Canada is slightly less than 37 million in 2018. Statistics Canada released the following statement in early 2019.
"Motor vehicles accounted for close to three quarters of the total registered vehicles in Canada, with 24,000,000 million registrations. Ontario had the highest number of road motor vehicles registered at 8.7 million... with the 2016 census showing 15,900,000 million commute to work"
The largest majority of the vehicles use either regular, diesel or a bio-fuel combination. Almost an additional 35,000 plug-in electric vehicles were sold in Canada as of September, 2018.
My purpose is not to drown you in page after page of statistics. Vehicles for the most part, are an extension of another fuel consuming location, our home. Canada is almost self-sufficient when looking at our natural gas and fossil fuel use. The question becomes: How do we get to a green economy without risking further loss of the natural environment? We have to some extent a country admired for natural wonders, given to us through the billions of years of the ever evolving planet Earth. Every human along with all life is indigenous and

########
Rank: 11
Score: 33.88152
Retrieved Text: As proposed, the Grain Belt Express project would span from eastern Kansas through Missouri, Illinois, and Indiana, and will deliver power at interconnection points within MISO and PJM. The project is to be funded, constructed and operated by Invenergy Transmission, LLC, which will recover its costs by selling transmission service to wind generators and load serving entities that use the line. The project has been seeking approval from the MPSC since 2014. Following the MPSC’s denial of Grain Belt’s CCN application in 2015, the project filed another CCN application in 2016. The MPSC again denied Grain Belt’s application in an August 2017 order concluding that it lacked statutory authority to issue the CCN because Grain Belt had not obtained the required pre-approval from those Missouri counties that would be impacted by the project. On appeal, the Supreme Court of Missouri concluded that the MPSC had erred in finding that it could not lawfully grant a CCN to Grain Belt, and remanded the case back to the MPSC.
There can be no debate that our energy future will require more diversity in energy resources, particularly renewable resources. We are witnessing a worldwide, long-term and comprehensive movement towards renewable energy in general and wind energy specifically. Wind energy provides great promise as a source for affordable, reliable, safe and environmentally-friendly energy. The Grain Belt Project will facilitate this movement in Missouri, will thereby benefit Missouri citizens, and is, therefore, in the public interest.
The MPSC’s 2019 order granting Grain Belt’s application is available here.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 33.87771
Retrieved Text: Australia has been working towards more environmentally friendly and renewable sources of energy for decades. The goal is to find a renewable source that can cover high demands while limiting or eliminating harmful emissions. Through the decades of research and development Australia has developed many kinds of renewable energy sources. These sources range from solar energy to wind energy to water energy and many more. Each of these energy sources has little to no negative impact on the environment. The goal for a renewable energy source that is good for the environment is closer than many believe.
Environmental and energy systems are vital to renewable energy and environmental health. Many of the source are from the environment itself such as water and wind. This allows the source to be better for the environment as it is not harmful. Australia has combined many environmental resource to produce renewable energy systems. Combining environmental resources with energy production is how we can guarantee a renewable source for future generations. The future generations can continue the production of renewable energy and environmental care.
There are many sources of renewable energy available in the environment. Biomass sources such as wood are a leading source of environmental energy production in Australia. Solar follow biomass resources in the environmental energy systems. Other energy resources derived from the environment include water (hydro), waste water, wind and agricultural waste materials. These systems are unique in the type of sources they use, but they are successful in producing energy for consumption. In waste water and agricultural waste systems

########
Rank: 13
Score: 33.679276
Retrieved Text: In this episode of Keipert Labs, we'll talk through the difference between renewable and non-renewable resources, as well as examples of each. Tune in to find out more!
Renewables are replaceable if the rate of extraction is less than the natural rate at which a resource renews. Examples of renewable resources are solar energy, tidal power, oxygen, biomass, fish stocks and forestry. Providing affordable, reliable and sustainable energy is a key issue in UK policy. Renewable energy is having an increasing impact on UK electricity generation and the same is true in many emerging and other developed countries.
Hello Welcome to my channel Kids Day, a channel dedicated to the entertainment of children and their parents, where you will find videos of Play Doh, drawings, colors, homemade experiments, crafts, and curiosities. We make a super cool Kids-Friendly Educational and Fun videos that will entertain the whole family. Art, drawing, painting, coloring for preschool kids. All our drawings are 100% original. Thanks for your support. SUBSCRIBE, Relax, Learn the Rainbow colors and Enjoy Coloring with us.
This movie is an example of renewable resources and how SKF's can further help the industry overcome today and tomorrow's challenges concerning ocean energy. Find out more at http://bit.ly/1eFMyc5. Related video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IbIwhB6KGPk The harsh underwater climate of Scotland's Orkney Islands provides the perfect location for ocean energy research. Knowledge engineer Cengiz Shevket and team make the trip to see how SKF can further develop renewable resources. SKF is changing the world through the power of knowledge and engineering. SKF started in 1907 as a

########
Rank: 14
Score: 33.640514
Retrieved Text: Youth Environmental Parliament (YEP) was organized by Friends of the Baltic NGO with the support of Nordic Council of Ministers and assistance of Youth Environmental Club "Domovjonok", theater studio "Rubikon", Lomonosov Center of Youth Environmental Tourism "The South Shore", "Optimal World" NGO RUSSIA; Tölö gymnasium, Högstadieskolan Lönkan school, Porkkala Senior High School, Joutseno upper secondary school, FINLAND; Östra Reals gymnasium SWEDEN, Center for applied ecology ESTONIA.
These 5 orders are important to us in regards to this subject. We will try to follow them and educate our friends and family about them.
Be informed about where your water comes from. Try to influence on the purity of your water. Use your water rationally. Avoid putting things in the water that shouldn't be there.
Minimize your waste by separating your garbage. Think about your ecological footprint.
Be cautious with the amount of radiation you expose yourself to. Think about the noise level.
If you can, try to use renewable sources of energy: like solar, wind, bio etc. Try to save energy: better insulation and regulation to save heat-energy. For electricity, use energysaving appliances like bulbs, turn off the "stand-by" function, use appliances rationally, use automatic electrosystems etc. "Use renewable energy-it just keeps coming back…"
Use local materials to avoid long transportation. Use natural, non-toxic materials like: wood, clay etc. Use materials with eco-labels. Use recyclable materials and less of synthetic materials, like plastic.
These 6 orders are important to us. Our goal is to educate people around the Baltic Sea about them and to follow these orders if possible.
To minimize transports and emissions it

########
Rank: 15
Score: 33.5176
Retrieved Text: Environmentally friendly GREEN POWER is now available from Clark County REMC through a program called Enviro-Watts.
Enviro-Watts is our name for energy generated from renewable, environmentally preferred sources.When you participate in this voluntary program, we’ll purchase the energy to meet your needs from an environmentally renewable resource. This program puts the power to help the environment in your hands by purchasing blocks of Green Power in 100 kwh blocks for just an additional $2 per month. You may purchase up to 10 blocks of Green Power or 1,000 kwh’s. It just got easier being green by supporting and promoting the conservation of natural resources and the development of renewable energy resources from Clark County REMC.
To sign up for GREEN POWER from Clark County REMC through a program called Enviro-Watts please contact our office.
Each block purchased will be an additional $2 to your monthly bill. You can purchase up to $1,000 kwhs of Green Power. The minimum participation period is one year.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 33.50092
Retrieved Text: As modern society increasingly demands sustainable resources and environmentally friendly materials, the extensive use of fossil fuels is becoming a significant burden. In response to the growing call for clean fuels, researchers at Curtin University have developed a low-cost and environmentally friendly method that harvests energy from sunlight to create hydrogen.
The development of innovative research continues to propel Australia forward in the renewable sector, and drives us towards being a world leader in the hydrogen industry.
An environmentally and economically sustainable hydrogen industry could soon be a reality. Research lead by ARC DECRA Fellow, Dr Guohua Jia, from Curtin’s School of Molecular and Life Sciences, has successfully used tiny nanocrystals that provided efficient catalysts to generate solar energy for the production of clean fuels.
“Previously, in order to use catalysts to derive energy from sunlight and transfer it into clean fuels such as hydrogen, we would have had to use cadmium-based semiconductors in combination with expensive noble metals including platinum, iridium and ruthenium,” Dr Jia said.
Researchers targeted synthesis of semiconductor nanocrystals using non-toxic, earth-abundant elements and use the tiny nanocrystals for clean fuel production through water splitting.
The tiny nanocrystals can absorb the light and generate electrons. The electrons can reduce the hydrogen ions (H+) to hydrogen in a water splitting process.
In order to achieve this, the researchers developed general synthetic strategies for compositing nanocrystals with controlled size, shape and composition.
Dr Jia said the research developed a more efficient and greener alternative to use solar energy to produce clean fuels.
“Our research invented tiny crystals that do not contain any

########
Rank: 17
Score: 33.300552
Retrieved Text: Besides stepping up or building eco-friendly innovations into homes, an area that’s been gaining a lot more acceptance recently is that of ‘eco-furniture’. There is so much variety with eco-friendly furniture, including modern and modular designs to more traditional, wood-based furniture. Using furniture that’s eco-friendly is great because they are created with very little impact on the natural world. The furniture is constructed using renewable or recycled materials and the manufacturing process uses very few chemicals to have the minimal negative impact on the environment. To make the furniture less toxic, herbal oils and also polish are used instead of traditional standard chemical-based products. Furniture is in the identical category when it comes from recycled materials, and it can eventually be recycled. To live a green life, it’s all about using resources that may be used over and over again and not mistreating our environment.
It was not long ago that quite a few people thought that eco-friendly furniture was boring but that has certainly changed in recent times. There are many examples of affordable eco-friendly furniture that can take on the designs of more trendy ones. You will also discover creative furniture designers that are using eco-friendly materials to build them. When you are looking for furniture, you need to be looking for certain certifications like LEED and FSC. Other factors to look for are the materials recycled or were they made with renewable natural resources.
There are specific points you want to look at when you want your furniture to be green furniture. Is the furniture

########
Rank: 18
Score: 33.127094
Retrieved Text: It’s not only the birdies hummin’ it in the trees, but also studies, such as the Global e-Sustainability Initiative (GeSi) from 2015, are convinced that ICTs can reduce CO2 emissions by 20% by 2030. What does this mean for us as a telecommunications company, you ask? Just read on!
Digitalization has resulted in telecommunications companies facing challenges on two sides: On the one hand, it is important to expand the infrastructure across the entire country in order to make corresponding products and solutions available on a broad spectrum. On the other hand, it is also important that the increasing energy demand of a growing network should be environmentally friendly and the handling of resources gentle.
We are facing our environmental responsibility and since 2010 have implemented environmental management across the Group that controls and measures goals and activities. When it comes to reducing CO2 emissions, we first employ targeted measures to reduce emissions, and in a second step we obtain all the energy we need through renewable sources wherever possible and economically viable. In search of role models throughout our group of companies, we came across some outstanding projects: A1 Austria is a pioneer in the environmentally friendly supply of its customers with its green network. In almost all countries, we take guidance from nature and use solar and wind energy as well as hybrid models for our base stations; in Belarus and Austria, photovoltaic parks contribute to green energy production.
Despite the progress, we have made and the steps we have taken, our path is not over yet.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 32.965786
Retrieved Text: If you are considering making improvements to your current home or want to explore ways to improve your future home, here are some of the ways in which you can make changes. Each category has ideas and product big and small with links to our associates so that you can explore and purchase products.
Reducing the water usage and improving its quality in your home are some of the best ways to improve your impact on the environment.
From natural to artificial to automated light options.
Learn how to improve the air quality of your home through a variety of ways.
Suggestions for replacing or adding new energy efficient and environmentally friendly windows, doors and roofs.
Flooring, countertops and more. There are many ways to improve the inside of your home while being more environmentally friendly.
If you are considering an addition or renovation or building a new home, learn more about the types of products available which are more environmentally friendly and may even reduce your homeownership costs.
There are many options to make sure that your patio and landscape are environmentally friendly with reduced water usage and storm water runoff.
From renewable energy options, like solar, to improved energy efficiency, tackling the energy consumption in your home is a big step towards reducing your impact on the environment.
Homes are just as unique as the lifestyles of those who live in them. Check out these resources to see how to have an environmentally friendly designed home and lifestyle.
Technology can make homeownership more convenient and it can improve the efficiency of the systems and

########
Rank: 20
Score: 32.883976
Retrieved Text: Quinnipiac University is making every effort to become more environmentally-conscious with their electrical power – in fact, a 100 percent effort.
Since Jan. 1, 100 percent of Quinnipiac’s electricity requirements have come from renewable energy credits.
The University has decided to “go green” to advance its environmental position in the community and in the realm of higher education, according to Associate Director of Facilities Keith Woodward, leader of Quinnipiac’s Sustainability Interest Group.
“We have been talking for three to four months about wanting to make all of the electricity green,” Woodward said.
Through Quinnipiac’s electric supplier, Trans Canada, the University obtained Connecticut Class II Renewable Energy Credits, converting garbage, certain hydropower and bio mass supplies to energy.
“We needed to work through the renewable energy credits with our supplier and in the end we could provide Quinnipiac with 100 percent green electricity as defined by the state of Connecticut,” Woodward said.
Laboratory Instructor Kristen Richardson, organizer for Quinnipiac’s Sustainability Interest Group, is also aware that more can be done for the environment.
According to the American Coal Foundation, nine out of every 10 tons of coal mined in the United States today is used to generate electricity, and more than half of the electricity used in the U.S. is coal-generated.
“I feel electricity can be the dirtiest form of energy,” Richardson said.
Most electricity is generated by coal because it is the cheapest fossil fuel. When coal is burned, it creates steam that pollutes the air.
The University has also made other environmentally-friendly changes to improve the school. Approximately 40 percent of its chemicals are Green

########
Rank: 21
Score: 32.875896
Retrieved Text: Energy storage solutions for naturally derived power have been important to the advancement of the usability of environmentally friendly energy as the world searches for ways to reduce dependence of non renewable energy sources. The ability to store environmentally friendly energy to be used on an as needed basis has greatly increased the efficiency of renewable energy sources. Renewable energy is so much more efficient and better for the planet that it’s quickly becoming a choice that is common in both businesses and homes.
Consumers no longer have to depend on the sun shining brightly for solar energy, but can rely on the power generated during the day being available after the sun goes down to reduce dependence on other sources for energy. If the wind dies down or changes direction, the power harnessed from wind turbines and directed to batteries to be stored can be relied on.
Battery packs charged by a wind turbine or solar panel can be used in residential and commercial settings. They offer scalable power, so that the volts, amps and current can match almost any requirement. Homeowners, businesses and the government are able to reduce dependence on dirty fossil fuels that may soon run out and instead use the power that has previously been harvested from natural sources.
Fuel cells are also used to provide power in many applications, much like batteries do. While the energy used in batteries can become depleted and need to be recharged on a regular basis, a fuel cell works differently. It will never run out of the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 32.7831
Retrieved Text: In Norway, our work focuses specifically on SDG12, which deals with sustainable consumption and production by getting more out of less resources.
Climate change urges the need for more sustainable industries. This requires conversion, and Norges Vel helps green industries such as food production and renewable energy to create jobs and value in local communities.
We help entrepreneurs to deploy local and unused resources to create new industries and jobs, especially within the primary industry. It is a goal to utilize all the resources in the community and contribute to the creation of the values that remain. Reuse and recycling contribute to a sustainable circular economy that is good for the environment in the long term.
Together with entrepreneurs, Norges Vel develops a bio economy for agriculture, so that we can turn an environmental problem into a business opportunity. Waste from biogas plants and fish sludge from aquaculture plants can become environmentally friendly fertilizers, while residues from logging or press cake from rapeseed oil can become animal feed. Biofuel can bind greenhouse gases while contributing to better soil and better crops.
Internationally, Norges Vel contributes through our commitment in several developing countries, primarily in East and South Africa. Our core focus countries are Tanzania, Mozambique, Uganda and Madagascar. Our work aims to contribute to SDG 2, 8 and 17.
Norges Vel works to create sustainable agriculture and food production, which gives more people the opportunity to eat healthy and nutritious food. Most farmers in developing countries are poor small-scale producers. Through our projects in Africa, Norges Vel contributes to a better

########
Rank: 23
Score: 32.74591
Retrieved Text: The global energy requirement for sustaining economic activities, meeting social needs and social development is increasing daily. Environmentally friendly, renewable energy resources are an alternative to the primary non-renewable energy resources, which devastate ecosystems in order to meet increasing demand. Among renewable energy sources such as hydropower, biopower, geothermal power and solar power, wind power offers distinct advantages to Turkey. There is an increasing tendency toward wind globally and the European Union adjusted its legal regulations in this regard. As a potential EU Member state, Turkey is going through a similar process. The number of institutional and legal regulations concerning wind power has increased in recent years; technical infrastructure studies were completed, and some important steps were taken in this regard. This study examines the way in which Turkey has developed support for wind power, presents a SWOT analysis of the wind power sector in Turkey and a projection was made for the concrete success expected to be accomplished in the future.
The article reports that wind power is being used by Asia's biggest economies and the U.S. as renewable power resources.
Focuses on the economic advantages of using wind energy. Overview on the wind energy industry in the Spanish city of Pamplona; Estimated value of the worldwide industry in 1998; Advantages of wind power over electricity and other traditional means of power generation; Renewable energy sources.
Reports on the progress of the Pennsylvania wind energy project. Generation of clean renewable energy; Environmental message of hotel.
The article reports on the analysis made by the National Renewable Energy Laboratory, stating

########
Rank: 24
Score: 32.7315
Retrieved Text: Asofenix is a Nicaraguan non-governmental organisation that was founded in 2001, with the objective of contributing to improve the living conditions of the rural population through the use of renewable energy sources and appropriate use of natural resources.
In consequence with this objective, Asofenix believes it is relevant and a priority to address the problems linked to the unsustainable consumption of forest energy resources in Nicaragua, such as firewood and charcoal.
In this sense, and in response to growing demand and shrinking replacement capacity for energy resources, the Improved Biomass Stove (IBS) program focuses on reducing use and consumption of firewood as household fuel. Asofenix fosters and facilitates access to models of safer and more efficient stoves that save firewood and reduce smoke emissions, for rural and urban use.
This program responds to the mission of Asofenix: To contribute to the promotion, development and innovation of renewable energy sources and sustainable production with environmentally-friendly techniques.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 32.624413
Retrieved Text: The railway is one of the most environmentally-friendly means of transport. We, at ÖBB-Infrastruktur, form the backbone of sustainable mobility and logistics services on the railway. We are constantly expanding this position. If you travel by rail, you conserve resources, and contribute towards a future fit to live in for future generations.
Environmentally friendly energy supply, 100 percent traction current from renewable energy, efficient use of energy: There are many reasons why rail is one of the most sustainable means of transport.
Committed to the environment: Low land consumption, clean railway stations with environmentally friendly cleaning, waste management and noise protection, investments in electromobility. People and the environment are our top priority.
Sustainability and the protection of biodiversity. Healthy habitats for humans, animals and plants. ÖBB-Infrastruktur focuses on responsible, sustainable and environmentally friendly mobility.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 32.613266
Retrieved Text: The lost art of recycling being reclaimed in Panama?
Here at Casa de Montaña Bed and Breakfast we try our best to be environmentally friendly. We re-use, reduce, and recycle what we can.
This Sunday morning before Halloween, I got up at 5:30, so that we could join the Boquete Recycling group at 7 to “clean up Boquete.” The whole team split into at least four groups. For two hours, we picked up trash (7 bags with our small group), as well as a bag of recyclable metal and recyclable plastic bottles. We would have stayed longer, except that we had another event to go to.
Boquete is attempting to get “reuse/recycle/reduce” and “clean up” to be a larger part of life. It’s been difficult to get recycling service in town, so far from everything in Panama. We always say we are at the end of the distribution line here in Boquete, and that includes recycling.
It was heartening to see so many people gather together so early in the morning to pick up trash and recycling along the main road into town. We had a number of people thank us and help us—one young woman staying with our team for an hour to help in cleaning up the trash before she had to go.
Now, we just need to figure out how to get the beer and water bottling companies to pay for recycling efforts, since their products are the majority of what seems to get dumped. Wouldn’t that be something?
Another former guest that lives in Panama City named Colin,

########
Rank: 27
Score: 32.311707
Retrieved Text: Fantastic Eco-friendly Vitality Answers Anybody Can Use!
While several people want to integrate green strength habits into their existence, they are usually not certain the place to start. There are numerous solutions for customers to defend the setting by utilizing renewable, substitute energy sources. This report has wonderful tips to assist you use inexperienced strength now.
Employing less energy daily means large vitality and monetary cost savings. If an equipment is not in use, unplug it. When you are no longer utilizing them, turn off lights and the television. This is an simple way to conserve income as properly.
Use solar heating systems to heat all your drinking water in order to help save cash. Photo voltaic drinking water heaters faucet into the ample and totally free vitality presented by the solar. Water heated by other methods, like organic gasoline, propane, or electrical power, is not an successful technique. Whilst many of these updates have substantial up-entrance expenses, they might qualify for tax credits or other rebates.
Relatively than employing an air conditioner throughout the summer time, dress in outfits that are natural. Materials like cotton by natural means draw moisture absent from the skin, allowing it to stay cooler. Put on lighter colored garments, as darker colours tend to make you really feel hotter, which benefits in your putting on the AC.
The U.S. Govt tends to make grant resources accessible as an incentive for buyers to begin utilizing environmentally friendly power. Contact your metropolis or county federal government and request about power conservation programs accessible in your spot. There

########
Rank: 28
Score: 32.223007
Retrieved Text: Akenerji is the first power generation company founded as an autoproducer group in Turkey. One of the biggest players in the Turkish energy industry, Akenerji is an integrated power company operating in the wholesale energy trade as well as power generation, with over 25 years of experience.
The partnership between Akkök and Czech power company ČEZ Group evolved into the equal-stake strategic joint venture of Akenerji, with an agreement signed in October 2008. Since 2005, Akenerji has concentrated on energy generation investments based on renewable energy resources in order to attain resource diversity in power generation. With the commissioning of its wind energy plants and hydroelectric plants, Akenerji has reached a generation capacity of 388 MW based on renewable energy resources. After the Erzin Natural Gas Combined Cycle Power Plant, which alone has the capacity to meet 3.1 percent of Turkey’s energy demand, was commissioned in July 2014, Akenerji’s total installed capacity reached 1,211 MW.
With the completion of the Kemah Hydroelectric Power Plant, which is currently in the project phase and expected to generate approximately 560 GWh of electricity annually, Akenerji alone will be handling a considerable amount of Turkey’s energy generation.
Leading the change and development in the industry, Akenerji not only trades its own generation capacity but also the energy supplies of other market players. Akenerji maintains its entire operations in this area in line with the principle of making the most of each unit of energy generated. While managing potential risks proactively, Akenerji develops its products with the aim of using its assets and opportunities

########
Rank: 29
Score: 32.085655
Retrieved Text: Inexperienced strength is turning out to be more and more common nowadays. Supporters of it declare that you can conserve funds and the earth at the same time. Is there real truth in this? Find out the real truth about environmentally friendly power for yourself by reading through and applying the easy ideas that stick to.
If you want to protect power, maintain your home windows so they are shaded from sunlight. An additional recommendation for window remedies is putting in curtains or blinds. Performing these factors will enable you use much less air conditioning in the summer. You will save strength and money.
Put on natural materials alternatively of usually making use of the air conditioning throughout summer season. Dampness-wicking athletic fabrics pull moisture away from your skin, creating a cooling sensation. Wear lighter colored clothes, as darker colors are inclined to make you really feel hotter, which benefits in your placing on the AC.
You may be ready to get a authorities grant to finance your eco-friendly energy set up. Talk to your neighborhood consultant to see if plans function in your community. You can qualify for installation of solar electricity at little to no expense.
Do you have a great deal of land? If you do, then you almost certainly own residence. This may possibly be an possibility to lease a part of that house to a organization that will create a wind turbine on it. You will experience the positive aspects of this power and the room needed is minimum.
When away from residence, protect the home

================



======= Instance Index 35 =========
Input Text: Cocoon creation occurs

Which is the correct answer?
- after the caterpillar stage
- after the chrysalis stage
- after the eggs are laid
- after the cocoon emerging stage

Target Text: after the caterpillar stage

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.120754
Retrieved Text: Burma is a land of creation, innovation, inspiration.
The Burmese Student Association at UCLA is proud to present a screening of a brand new documentary: "Rangoon Cocoon", on another side of Burma, a vibrant Burma that hasn't stopped dreaming.
Join us Wed. May 12 @ De Neve Auditorium, starting at 7 pm to discover for yourself, the enduring spirit of the Burmese people.
Headlines claim: Burma is a land of blood and tears. A land of raised fists against raised batons. A land scarred by cyclones and drug trade.
And yet, Burma is also a land of creation, innovation, inspiration. A cocoon where a thousand metamorphoses take place and a thousand butterflies take flight - rock stars and intellectuals, journalists and bar owners, high tech monks and transsexuals, contemporary artists and daredevil entrepreneurs. Even caught in a nightmare, Burma never stops dreaming.
The documentary presented this year at UCLA is the fruit of the 15,000 pictures and 40 hours of video they brought back. More than a tribute to the enduring spirit of the Burmese people, “Rangoon Cocoon – A story of Burmese Butterflies” illustrates how the faintest flapping of wings can herald the most profound changes.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.321457
Retrieved Text: Creightons Vanilla & Macadamia Cocoon Body Butter. Indulge your senses with luxurious extracts of Vanilla & Macadamia.
Massage a generous amount into your skin until fully absorbed.
For adult use only. For external use only. Avoid direct contact with the eyes. If contact occurs, rinse thoroughly with clean water. Do not apply to broken, irritated or sensitive skin. If irritation occurs discontinue use immediately. Keep out of direct sunlight.
I love, love, love this lition!!!!
Creightons vanilla and macadamia cocoon body butter is a DELICIOUS product for those of us who love vanilla! The scent is perfect - strong but not overpowering - and it lasts all day. The moisturising quality is very good, goodbye nasty, weary, flaky, revolting old legs! Hello SMOOTH and beautiful! The product handles quite well, and is absorbed fairly easily. (That is always the thing I like least about any moisturising cream, but my distaste for creamy hands is here offset by the gorgeousness of the product...). If your nearest and dearest don't notice how well-moisturised you are, they will certainly admire your fragranced aura.
I bought enough to give to friends.......and they love it too!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.31349
Retrieved Text: Cocoon’s media management software allows you to store all your media files in the cloud and to make them available through any device and any location.
* When you upload a file with a high resolution, the system automatically reduces it to a number of lower resolutions (eg. suitable for web). The settings of the file formats can be customized. To do so, please contact the support department.
* It is possible to import your existing files (including tags and folder structure) once. In this case, please contact our support department.
By adding a watermark to your media files, you can prevent unauthorized use of high-resolution files or stock photos. In Cocoon, you can add a watermark to all the media files you upload to Cocoon. The watermark will only be displayed in the file preview. Once a file has been downloaded, the watermark is no longer visible.
When uploading images, the EXIF data (Exchangeable Image File Format) is automatically stored and visible in the file in Cocoon. The EXIF data show the characteristics of the image, and for example, the camera’s settings.
You can upload images, documents and videos through Cocoon. The most common formats are supported, such as .JPG, .GIF, .PNG, .PSD, .EPS, .PDF, .DOC, etc. It is possible that you can upload a file, but no preview is shown. Please contact our support department if this occurs.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.734238
Retrieved Text: Snuggle up your little one in this Shark Blanket Cocoon. Great for a newborn photo prop!
Please allow up to six weeks for creation and delivery.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.442131
Retrieved Text: Ayyam Gallery London is pleased to announce Cocoon, a solo exhibition by Paris-based Lebanese painter Walid El Masri, from 5 June until 2 August, 2014. Featuring a new body of work, Cocoon will reflect a departure from the artist’s ongoing Chair series in which an inanimate object provided a point of entry for meditative explorations of the equilibrium of life despite its unpredictable nature. In contrast, the artist’s recent works have been inspired by the violent conflict that has besieged his native Syria.
In the new series, El Masri continues formal investigations of movement, repetition, and the transcendence of the boundaries of the picture plane through expressive compositions that utilize space to create a sense of instability in the representation of time. Here, movement refers to four stages in the life-cycle of a butterfly, with a cocoon being, “the silky envelope spun by the larvae of many insects, as silkworms, serving as a covering while they are in the pupal stage,” whereas repetition refers to multiple representations of the same subject, and transcendence refers to the reach beyond the physical limits of the canvas, causing the viewer to find himself in media res, surrounded by pictorial elements.
Large-scale works in the exhibition examine both change and continuum while an earthen palette allows for studied reflection. Smaller works contain a more palpable energy and dynamism that are underscored by the use of vibrant orange and green, indicating violence and breakage. In the context of a butterfly this signals the moment of transformation in which a larva emerges out of

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.059488
Retrieved Text: Download.com has removed the direct-download link following the publisher's request and offers this page for informational purposes only.
Online privacy and security are two sides of the same coin. Cocoon is a free browser add-on and Web-based security solution that lets you surf securely and anonymously, even from public Wi-Fi access points. It insulates your computer from cookies, viruses, and prying eyes. The ad-supported version is free, but you have to register online to use it. We tried Cocoon for Firefox.
After installing Cocoon and restarting Firefox, you'll need to create an account, but it's fairly painless. You can sign in to your Cocoon account from any computer or location, provided your browser has the Cocoon software, but you can only log on to your account from one computer at a time. You can create multiple Cocoon accounts; one for each email account, for instance, or family members. We pressed the Power On button on Cocoon's toolbar and logged in to our account. Cocoon uses the time-tested method of routing traffic through proxy servers to hide users' addresses, and it takes a moment or two for Cocoon to find and log on to a server. As soon as we were logged on, Cocoon's home page opened, and the program activated the Settings, History, Mailslot, and other features on the Cocoon toolbar. Cocoon's home page offers a lot of help for new users, including a series of video tutorials. But you don't have to do anything to use Cocoon; just start browsing. We typed some searches into the Cocoon

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.711834
Retrieved Text: We interview Beam Wong, Thai filmmaker, circuit bender, illustrator, singer-songwriter and noisemaker, about his new short film Flummoxed Cocoon. Main photo by Graham Meyer.
This is the first film he made since graduating from Silpakorn University, his last short film Huu which was his university thesis work, was screened at the inaugural Bangkok Underground Film Festival in 2015, both short films are like different stories from his same universe, with familiar themes of the creation vs creator, the intersection of dimensions and a very strange cyberpunk metamorphosis, scraping the boundaries of imagination and possible psychosis. A more mature perspective comes through in Flummoxed Cocoon, however, we are left with our own even more ambiguous interpretation of what the film may actually be about.
Experimental, sci-fi musical? That would barely begin to describe Theerapat Wongpaisarnkit’s (Beam Wong) new short premiering at Bangkok Underground Film Festival at Noise Market 6, 3 June 2017 at Museum Siam. We learn what started originally as songs for an EP, transmogrified into a short film. The result is a highly stylised work with a killer lo-fi, experimental folk, post-rock soundtrack, composed and performed also by Beam Wong, intertwined throughout. Set in fictionalised Bangkok it tells the story of a songwriter who develops an unusual disorder and tries to cure this affliction by creating more music. Beam talks to us about how he is more interested in conveying a feeling than meaning.
I understand Flummoxed Cocoon is something you have been wanting to create for a long time, how did the story develop?
The feeling to make

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.619091
Retrieved Text: Capsule: The Eviscerator was first designed by Lobic Arms for use on Donnin in order to shoot the local animal life without causing large explosions (see the entry on Donnin for more details). The idea behind the design was simple: the weapon would propel highly condensed gas wrapped in an energy cocoon. When the cocoon hit a target it would have enough energy to penetrate the target, but the act of penetration would use up the cocoon, allowing the compressed gas to expand. This would result in an extremely messy, but flameless explosion of the target. The methods used to compress the gas worked so well that the gas comes very close to being in a solid state inside the energy cocoon. This means that the resulting explosion when the cocoon is dissipated is extremely violent. The weapon has a few quirks, however. First of all the energy cocoon can only travel so far before it dissipates on its own without hitting anything (this is the maximum range given above). At this point the cocoon fails, and the gas expands. This causes an extremely loud boom, and anyone within 2 meters of the failed cocoon suffers 3D stun damage from the shockwave. Another quirk is that if the cocoon hits a hard target (wood, metal, any type of armor, basically almost anything but cloth or flesh) it will dissipate without penetrating the target. If this occurs then the target will not take 8D damage, but will instead take 4D stun damage from the shockwave (as above

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.59336
Retrieved Text: Butterflies are a perennial favourite insect for many people, thanks to their wonderful diversity of colour and form. Of course, they are also important pollinators, and they are also famous as masters of the miraculous transformation, owing to their incredible life cycle morphing from tiny eggs, into caterpillars, then into a cocoon, and finally into the beautiful butterfly.
When the surgeon in the hospital showed me a model of the spine, I knew that was what I wanted the caterpillar to look like; like a crawling spine. I was shocked by the beauty of the bones; pure and elegant remainders of life. How they’ve grown and developed into a shape that perfectly complements its function. I’m inspired by how organisms in nature evolve in a way in which beauty and functionality complement each other; the beauty of human bodies, the function of butterfly wings. In this work, you can see equally elegant and functional shapes, both organic and geometric ones. Every element has a function; the angular shapes at the top of the cage are not just beautiful but also strengthen the shape.
Zoetropes are intriguing devices that pre-date animation; they create the illusion of motion by displaying a sequence of drawings or photos that progressively go through the stages of some movement. Put together, it really looks like a film.
Here, Coppoolse's sculpture is made out of paper cuts, and is actually a model for larger version that Coppoolse is hoping to realize though the Dutch crowdfunding platform Voordekunst. Her aim is to build something life-scale on a

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.385284
Retrieved Text: Brigalow ( Acacia harpophylla, MIMOSACEAE ).
Pupation occurs in a stout oval cocoon covered in erect black hairs from the skin of the caterpillar.
Each forewing of an adult moth of this species is grey with a number of parallel submarginal dark stripes, and a prominent white spot. The hindwings are each dark grey fading to pale yellow at the base. The moths have a wingspan up to 10 cms.
Moths of Australia, Melbourne University Press, 1990, pls. 13.13, 28.3, p. 395.
Series 2, Volume 6, Part 2 (1891), pp. 288-289.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.314163
Retrieved Text: If you would rather reading books than watching TV, you are able to even utilize it for a bookshelf. You might like to pick one that looks like spiral and can be inserted into the wall. This way, the cocoon air core down travel pillow will look much fancier and classier. It may help save you some expense from obtaining added serta travel pillow or ornaments to embellish your pillow. Today everyone loves it practical yet arty anyways. You may even pick a vertical and tall dresser to make your place appear larger, as it only utilizes top.
Okay, the preceding selections might function as the best possible examples whenever you need to pick a pair with a conventional design and style for your pillow. However, what if you want cocoon air core down travel pillow having a newer approach? In this instance, you are able to glance from the versions offered by Wade Logan with its the best airline travel pillow sets. The collections offered by the business are so beautiful and it would tempt you for buying it, due to this clever utilization of contemporary materials such as plastics and acrylics, combined with all stainless steel and wood. Additionally, it has a lovely high gloss end, added featuring a modern style and design for your pillow.
Besides the pillow, the next cocoon air core down travel pillow which you want to pay attention may be that the cocoon inflatable pillow. On account of the majority colors of these Ashley collections are black, the nightstands are best

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.949966
Retrieved Text: Happy Mother Mother’s Day, Happy Mother Mary month, Happy Wesak Festival and Happy Samhein Festival to all of you from all of us!
Guided meditation- This month to celebrate the Divine and festive days of this month, we have a beautiful meditation; the Cocoon of Turquoise Blue Light of Great Silent Watcher for Protection and Empowerment.
Our new series of courses start on May 29th entitled Past Life Regression series. This will be a beautiful and powerful series which will be engaging, instructive and entertaining, as we will visit lifetimes in the past, into the future and to star systems outside of our own as well.
Wash Away your Obstacles- Abishakam Ceremony is a special series which we perform on your behalf every Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday during the Month of May. Divine Mother encourages us all to participate in this series and clear our own bodies and become open to receiving higher and better life force and guidance from your guides and angels. It is also very beneficial for your 5 Body System and Sacred Geometries, the Energy Bodies which connect you to the Higher Realms and your guides.
Please look out for the upcoming email announcing the grand opening of our new Waves of Bliss website with tons of new info and pictures, especially of Crystals and new services and products.
We wish you a smooth and joyful month of May and a great journey to past/future lives.
Portal Days: 5/1/16, 5/5/16, 5/10/15, 5/15/16, 5/18/16, 5/20/16, 5/22/16, 5/25/16 & 5/30/16. The Full Moon is on 21st and the New

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.92424
Retrieved Text: Wedding PR: PopSugar, WeddingIQ, Wall Street Journal and more!
Another week means another amazing roundup of client features, including PopSugar, WeddingIQ, Wall Street Journal and so many more! Keep scrolling to see more.
Mike B Photography, Destination Weddings, International Academy of Wedding & Event Planning, Belladeux Event Design, Cocoon Events Management Group, Jenny DeMarco Photography, Rochelle Cheever Photography and Wente Vineyards were featured on PopSugar in the article, Under-the-Radar Destination Wedding Locations for 2017. Check out the full feature here.
OFD Consulting was featured on WeddingWire EDU with her guest article, 4 Easy Steps to Content Creation as a Wedding Pro. See the full article here.
Belladeux Event Design was featured on WeddingIQ with her guest article, How to Create a Destination Event at Home. See her full article here.
Destination Weddings Travel Group was featured on Caribbean Bride with the real wedding, Marisa and Suresh, Aruba. See the wedding in its entirety here.
Belladeux Event Design was featured on Catersource with her guest article, The Hidden Cost of Backyard Events. See the full article here.
Sunshower Photography was featured on How He Asked with the proposal, Risa and Austin. See the full feature here.
Cocoon Events Management Group was featured in the Wall Street Journal in the article, Small Weddings, Big Budgets. See the full article here.
Kylie Carlson of International Academy for Wedding & Event Planning was featured in the True Trae article, Beauty Secrets-Kylie Carlson. See the full feature here.
Cocoon Events Management Group, Jacqueline Events & Design, Belladeux Event Design, and Fantasy Sound Event Services was featured on Brides.com in the article,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.844679
Retrieved Text: Over the last couple of years, Moco Loco has been very kind to publish 3 of my previous custom motorcycles Loki, Magnus and Nero. Today, I’d like to share the latest creation from Bandit9. We call it “Hephaestus,” named after the greek god of blacksmiths.
An evolution of a 400cc Honda Bros, Hephaestus shed its original plastic cocoon and is reborn with a steel exoskeleton. The gas tank and gas cap, cowl, and fender were all handcrafted from stainless steel. There’s nothing soft about Hephaestus.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.687365
Retrieved Text: Silk is often praised, and justifiably so, as the queen of all textile fibers and a natural wonder. No other clothing raw material has so many fine qualities. Silk is elegant, fine, precious and smooth. Silk fabrics create that pleasant coziness that makes people feel good; properties that also optimally fulfill the highest clothing demands of our bodies. No other textile fiber combines fashionable elegance and noblesse with extraordinary wearing comfort so fully.
The country were silk originated is China, where the precious Bombyx mori has been living for the last 5000 years or so. The Chinese guarded the art of silk manufacturing for 3000 years like a state secret. It was prohibited and punishable by death to smuggle cocoons and eggs out of the country. Thus, for many centuries, silk fabrics could only be found in China. Around 200 BC, silkworm breeding reached Korea, Japan, India and Persia. Finally, in the 4th century, silk reachded Central Asia. In 552, it was first transported in caravans along the Silk Road to Constantinople, which for many centuries was the biggest and most important silk market. Around the 9th century, the secrets of silkworm breeding reached Sicily and Spain through the Arabs, and it was approximately in the year 1400 when extensive mulberry plantations were started in Lombardy. Silkworm breeding reached its climax in Italy in the 19th century. From Lombardy, the silk trade expanded via the St. Gotthard pass until it reached Lake Lucerne as well, where silk waste was processed for the first time in Gersau in

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.473637
Retrieved Text: The species is polyphagous, They feed often on trees and bishes (Prunus, Salix, Quercus, etc.), but also on conifers and other plants. In my youth, I bred the species in winter from clutches of eggs found at spruce branches with Picea and found larvae on Geranium sp. in an urban park in Memmingen (Germany).
Orgyia antiqua inhabits in particular forests and hedgerows, but also occurs in all other habitats, especially when woody plants are available.
Orgyia antiqua occurs from a single up to partial three generations with moth from June to October. Usually already the second generation is not quite complete. Larvae occur from May to early September. The wingless female lays her eggs on the outside of the pupal cocoon where they hibernate. In winter, the cocoons that are usually attached to perennials and shrubs or trees higher above ground are conspicuous.
Orgyia antiqua is not endangered. However, even this species is often not as frequent as it used to be.
Orgyia antiqua is missing in the Alps above about 1400m above sea level (higher in the south). According to literature, male larvae moult four times and female five times (SBN 2000).
Orgyia antiqua shows an holarctic distribution (much of Europe except for Southern Spain, temperate Asia and North America).

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.292831
Retrieved Text: spider species of the genus Misumena, numbering about 40 species. It occurs in open areas: fields, meadows, marshes, gardens, edges of forests and paths. It does not build the network, and the resulting thread is used as a tool for rapid movement. Effectively attacking various insects, including bees and wasps poisonous. After a lightning attack on the completely surprised victims injected with venom and digestive juices. Body length females 7-10 mm, 3-5 mm male.
It is characterized by the ability to color changes - coloring adapt to the place where is present, and to the type of insects that are hunted. The ability to color changes have only females, the process is gradual.
The female lays eggs in egg-cocoon between leaves, which connects to another thread.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.163841
Retrieved Text: Most butterflies and moths "spin" or "weave" a cocoon into which they kind of "hibernate" - or so it may seem on the surface. The cocoon is an illustration of "going in one way, coming out another" - what once was may have the same "roots", but it is quite different from the way it once was. Whether it is the cocoon or chrysalis "process" we consider, a living thing goes inside this object, then a transforming process begins: 1) A larva transforms into the pupa; 2) the pupa begins to transform into the imago; and 3) the imago begins to emerge as a "new life form". What once was is no longer what emerges - there is a new life form, unrecognizable as its former "form" any longer - the image is affected within that cocoon.
The caterpillar crawls around and around, making its way through life until one day it recognizes it is time for a season of change. It was happy as a caterpillar, finding enjoyment in hiding beneath leaves in the trees, munching away on veggies in the garden, and pretty much being able to hide away in undiscovered places until one day it senses this need to prepare for change. Much in the same way, we go through life just enjoying ourselves (or maybe not so much enjoying ourselves as much as being oblivious to the beautiful potential within). We "hide out" in a whole lot of different ways, just going about "life", without really desiring or knowing what beauty is possible

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.994995
Retrieved Text: Nestlé Japan's latest and boldest creation, Sake Flavored Kit Kat have been renewed this year too in this special 'Umeshu' edition in collaboration with pro-footballer Hidetoshi Nakata.
This features plum sake powder infusion nestled between crispy vanilla wafers all inside a white chocolate cocoon. Smooth, sweet, delicious; you can taste the distinct umeshu flavor - and, if you eat enough of the 0.4% alcohol snacks, you might be able to feel it too. Everything you expect from Nestlé Japan and the country's other signature beverage, known as Umeshu in Japan.
This Japanese limited edition comes in a nicely designed bottle-shaped gift box containing 9 unique mini Umeshu Kit Kats. These Kit Kats contain small amounts of alcohol.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.976763
Retrieved Text: 5 star: 68% : 4 star: 16% : 3 reviews star: 8% :. Cocoon Silk Travel Sheets. A Travel Sheet is an extremely lightweight roomy sleep sack sleeping bag liner. went to Brazil for 2 weeks to attend the World Cup. This Cocoon Travelsheet weighs in at an incredibly light 6. Traveling in Europe some places give a discount if you bring your own sheets ( liner) it is added protection when sleeping. Who Should Travel with Sleeping Liners.
Would recommend: Yes 0 of 0 found the following review helpful. Read honest and unbiased product reviews from our users. A TravelSheet is an extremely lightweight planes , youth hostels, boats, sleeping bag liner for hotels, roomy sleep sack , alpine huts trains. reviews Find helpful customer reviews and review ratings for Cocoon Cotton TravelSheet at Amazon. Cocoon travel sheet reviews.
These versatile sheets are excellent as a warm cocoon weather sleeping bag or a rectangular sleeping bag liner. All said, I recommend these. Cocoon CoolMax travel Travel Sheet. All cocoon Reviews Cocoon Reviews + Camping Gear Reviews Cocoon Camping Gear Reviews + Sleeping Bag Accessories Reviews Cocoon Sleeping Bag Accessories Reviews Cocoon TravelSheet - Microfiber Reviews Subscribe to Our Email List. Since it was last travel minute & I had no idea what this. Orders of $ 50 or more ship for free. Cocoon Silk TravelSheet › Customer reviews; cocoon Customer reviews. Travel Sheets: How to sheet Choose One for Your Trip. ALPS Mountaineering MicroFiber Liner.
I did some research , as they would be staying in Hostels a

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.826042
Retrieved Text: ……………. Now in regard to the upcoming portal. What I am being told is that this particular Lion’s Gate portal carries the energies and the theme of a butterfly. And just like a butterfly emerges out of her cocoon, so is our inner child emerging to remind us to tune into the energies of creation abundantly flowing to GAIA for us to play with.
The energies of the 8/8/8 portal allow us to playfully get things done. To soak up all the energies flowing our way in preparation for the final merger with the creative aspect of ourselves. To finally carve a new divine path for our lives, co creating a new world.
We are asked to acknowledge the goddess within, and embrace her fully and completely. Allowing her to unite within our heart space with the masculine energies. Swirling within a vortex of our own creation, formulating a new direct line to the source from which we can draw the energy, love and knowledge of truth of that which we are.
Now is the time of infinite potential and possibility. Now is the time to create and materialize what we want, into our environment. We are reminded to utilize all 4 elements at our disposal, doing simple things like sprucing up our living quarters to get our creative juices flowing. To more intricate things, such as rearranging our thoughts, doing something we’ve always wanted to do but were stopping ourselves due to various programming ingrained in our psyche.
We are asked to finally come to the understanding that we

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.749763
Retrieved Text: coccon cribs cocoon with baby room ideas grey.
coccon cribs cocoon series toddler guard rail mahogany baby room furniture singapore.
coccon cribs ladybird royal lace 3 piece wicker starter set with drape and rod baby room temperature.
coccon cribs cocoon crib bedding custom colors available baby room decoration.
coccon cribs cocoon crib cm edited crop s baby room thermometer asda.
coccon cribs baby room wall decor diy.
coccon cribs cocoon furniture nest 4 in 1 crib and bassinet system baby room themes boy.
coccon cribs baby room wall decorations boy.
coccon cribs baby room ideas unisex.
coccon cribs cocoon baby crib dream series guard rail room temperature too hot.
coccon cribs nifty clear 3 in 1 convertible crib baby room wallpaper ideas.
coccon cribs cocoon crib cm home design online free app cheats baby room.
coccon cribs double sided baby nest cocoon personalized room furniture list.
coccon cribs cocoon 4 in 1 cot now at the baby closet room design games.
coccon cribs photo baby room temperature monitor egg.
coccon cribs dream cocoon series crib website has good price baby room furniture set.
coccon cribs cocoon baby cradle room ideas.
coccon cribs cocoon crib grey baby room wallpaper singapore.
coccon cribs baby room themes girl.
coccon cribs cocoon crib bedding custom colors available baby room thermometer argos.
coccon cribs baby room decoration in sri lanka.
coccon cribs baby s dream cocoon series crib website has good price room designs boy.
coccon cribs cocoon crib cm mosquito net baby room design online.
coccon cribs cocoon crib cm edited baby room temperature egg.
coccon cribs new baby crib hammock healthy development for crochet newborn photography props cocoon photo room decoration wallpaper.
coccon cribs

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.71001
Retrieved Text: Are you an imaginal cell for humanity? We are familiar with the story of transformation of the caterpillar to the butterfly, but most accounts leave out a key factor in that process that has great implications for our society as we transform and evolve.
When the caterpillar feels the urge to spin a cocoon and enter a state of profound inner focus and quiet, we can apply that to what many of us felt during 2014 and sporadically since then—moments of wanting to withdraw. It continues as frequent opportunities to let go of habits, beliefs, and patterns that were useful to us in the past but no longer fit who we are becoming. For example, when my “To Do” lists no longer spurred me into action but instead lay reminding me that I wasn’t accomplishing what I thought I “should” be and thereby offering an easy source for guilt, I had to let them go.
The discs mature and form imaginal cells, clumping together into new patterns, using the protein in the disintegrating body of the caterpillar to fuel their co-creation of new structures that then emerge from the cocoon as the soaring butterfly. The butterfly has transcended and incorporated the caterpillar (old society). It is the coming together and joining in mutual intent that infuses imaginal cells with the power to realize their potential. That’s us. Only by choosing and learning to come together in true co-creation, not just collaboration, do we form the society we yearn to see. In collaboration we each bring our creations and

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.44874
Retrieved Text: I have been seeing a million and one wonderful crafts, so why throw my recent adventure into the mix. I created this craft during a shared book reading task to give my children manipulatives to play with.
First make the caterpillar by cutting a length of streamer (approximately 1 foot) and paste eyes onto it.
When the caterpillar gets larger in the book, have the kids wrap the caterpillar in brown tissue paper and put it to sleep in the cocoon.
While “metamorphosis” occurs, decorate the wings of the butterfly with the tissue paper. You can have the kids follow a pattern of putting the tissue paper one (blue, red, green, blue, red, ____) and this task is also good for increasing fine motor control, as the kids have to take only one piece of tissue paper at a time, and sequence putting glue on the paper wings and then pasting the tissue paper down.
Don’t forget to review the vocabulary related to butterflies, which will differ based on the age and target goals for each child.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.413923
Retrieved Text: Can’t find the user manual for your new Cocoon? If you have lost or thrown out the CD with the Cocoon manual and you need advice with settings, error messages or are just interested in the capabilities and different functions of your Cocoon, then you can download a user manual from the Cocoon website.
If the manufacturer’s website does not give instructions on where to download a Cocoon user manual, then you will find plenty of Cocoon fans in our database. Take a look at our discussion forum for your particular product, a more experienced Cocoon user will surely be able to help you with the settings.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.361588
Retrieved Text: Sanjay Garudapally, http://corporatedir.com/company/cocoon-technologies-llp. Designation Partner at COCOON TECHNOLOGIES LLP.
Shyam Sunder Pareek, http://corporatedir.com/company/cocoon-technologies-llp. Designation Partner at COCOON TECHNOLOGIES LLP.
Located at Unit A-2, 8-2-269/A, Space & More Building Road No.2, Banjara Hills Hyderabad Hyderabad TG 500033 IN, , . https://corporatedir.com/company/cocoon-technologies-llp.
Cocoon Technologies Llp was registered at Registrar of Companies Hyderabad on 02 November, 2017 and is categorised as Limited liability partnership firm.
Cocoon Technologies Llp registered address on file is Unit A-2, 8-2-269/A, Space & More Building Road No.2, Banjara Hills Hyderabad Hyderabad TG 500033 IN, - , , .
Cocoon Technologies Llp currently have 2 Active Directors / Partners: Sanjay Garudapally, Shyam Sunder Pareek, and there are no other Active Directors / Partners in the company except these 2 officials.
Cocoon Technologies Llp is involved in Business Services Activity and currently company is in Active Status.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.357964
Retrieved Text: If you or a member of your Cocoon 'Household' has deleted the app from your smartphone you have severed the secure link to your Cocoon.
Other members of the 'Household' can invite you back to the existing Cocoon setup by going to the 'Your Cocoon' section of the app.
Please note, if you deleted the Cocoon app from your smartphone whilst at home, your Cocoon will continue to believe you are located at that location for 72 hours before it automatically sets you as Away.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.345417
Retrieved Text: The German photographer and artist Andreas Gursky and Sven Väth know each other for quite some time already. Now, Gursky has published a cycle of large-sized pictures that pick 'Cocoon' out as the central theme: The Cocoon pictures sre referring to the current club culture: Gursky uses the big Techno events Cocoon is staging as drafts. The architectural frame of his works is referring to the design of the CocoonClub Frankfurt. The spatial concept was developed by Techno Dj and musician Sven Väth, together with the design agency 3deluxe. Gursky's pictures refer to the graphic templates and thus form an ideal approach to the original CocoonClub. "Cocoon I" was already the cover of the 'Cocoon Morphs Tokyo' CD, which was released in spring in Japan exclusively. In autumn, this CD containing only exclusive tracks is to be released in Europe, too. However, Cocoon fans don't have to wait until then: six of the seven tracks of the CD will be released on three 12" vinyl records (that form the total of Gursky's picture when put together) in order to celebrate the 50th vinyl release of Cocoon Recordings.
Here, excellent electronic music meets the work of the most important contemporary German artist worldwide – again, Cocoon explores new frontiers and combines art forms of the 21st century.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.334171
Retrieved Text: Happy Cocooning Built-in-wine cooler for garden table (Square/Rectangle)Fantastic! What a cool inven..
Happy Cocooning Glass screen surround for Cocoon table (small, large, square, rectangle)Do you alrea..
Happy Cocooning Griddle PlateHappy Cocooning offers all kinds of fun accessories to make your stay i..
Happy Cocooning Side table for Cocoon table Oval / Round / Bowl / ConeYou have a nice Happy Cocoonin..
Happy Cocooning Side table for Cocoon table Square/RectangleYou have a nice Happy Cocooning fire tab..
Happy Cocooning Side table for Cocoon table Round (Black, Anthracite)You have a pretty fire table, b..
Happy Cocooning Side table for Cocoon table Square (black, anthracite, white, taupe)Y..
Happy Cocooning Side table / Enclosure for Cocoon table Teak Wood, Driftwood and Nice &..
Happy Cocooning Side table for Cocoon table Teak and Nice & Nasty Wood (Small, Large S..

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.243896
Retrieved Text: How can I reach my Cocoon app from an URI other than <your-server>/cocoon/<my-app>?
You want the "bar" app to be called from http://www.foo.com/bar/index.html instead (getting rid of "cocoon").
There are, basically, two methods to achieve this.
Let us explore the first method (Cocoon as the root servlet).
This entry was tested under: Windows 2000 Professional + IIS 5.0 + Tomcat 4.0.1 + Cocoon 2.0.2.
Go to the line containing "Tomcat Root Context". (This should be a comment).
Now, http://www.foo.com/bar/index.html should also work.
Let us explore the second method (URI rewriting).
This entry was tested under: Windows NT 4.0 + Apache 1.3.14 + Tomcat 3.2 + Cocoon 2.0b1. It is Apache-specific.
The idea is just to redirect a portion of the desired URI (bar) to the one within the cocoon context (cocoon/bar).
Apache has an handy feature called mod_rewrite that does just this: URI rewriting. (See the "URL Rewriting Guide" in the Apache user's guide for details).
(By the way it's quite likely that this line is already on the httpd.conf. You just have to uncomment it).
The first line tells Apache to put the URI rewriting log in the c:\logs\rewrite.log file (which happens to be on a Windows system, of course). The second one tells Apache to record everything mod_rewrite does. If you don't want to log anything, just set RewriteLogLevel to 0.
Now, it's time to do the URI rewriting trick.
This line instructs Apache to redirect everything under "bar" to "cocoon/bar" and to pass it on for other processing ("[PT]" option), like mod_alias.
Another user adds: In my experience, session support is lost when you use mod_rewrite because the

================



======= Instance Index 36 =========
Input Text: Where would animals shiver the most?

Which is the correct answer?
- Arctic Circle
- Sumatra
- Java
- tropical rainforest

Target Text: Arctic Circle

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.670055
Retrieved Text: will I have shivered ?
will you have shivered ?
will she/he/it have shivered ?
will we have shivered ?
will they have shivered ?
will I be shivering ?
will you be shivering ?
will she/he/it be shivering ?
will we be shivering ?
will they be shivering ?
will I have been shivering ?
will you have been shivering ?
will she/he/it have been shivering ?
will we have been shivering ?
will they have been shivering ?
have I been shivering ?
have you been shivering ?
has she/he/it been shivering ?
have we been shivering ?
have they been shivering ?
had I been shivering ?
had you been shivering ?
had she/he/it been shivering ?
had we been shivering ?
had they been shivering ?
That do I shiver ?
That do you shiver ?
That does she/he/it shiver ?
That do we shiver ?
That do they shiver ?
That have I shivered ?
That have you shivered ?
That have she/he/it shivered ?
That have we shivered ?
That have they shivered ?
That did I shiver ?
That did you shiver ?
That did she/he/it shiver ?
That did we shiver ?
That did they shiver ?
That had I shivered ?
That had you shivered ?
That had she/he/it shivered ?
That had we shivered ?
That had they shivered ?
would I be shivering ?
would you be shivering ?
would she/he/it be shivering ?
would we be shivering ?
would they be shivering ?
would I have been shivering?
would you have been shivering?
would she/he/it have been shivering?
would we have been shivering?
would they have been shivering?
do I not shiver ?
do you not shiver ?
does she/he/it not shivers ?
do we not shiver ?
do they not shiver ?
did I not shiver ?
did you not shiver ?
did she/he/it not

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.109932
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'The Shop' started by Hanger, Aug 24, 2005.
My bike's stackheight including the headset is 152mm. Would i be able to fit a 05 shiver dc onto it? Currently running a 04 boxxer.
Does the 05 dc shiver have 2 different crown??!!
I think there's a drop and a flat crown for the shiver. It's not as dropped as say a boxxers but it's got a drop to it.
If it's got the full length uncut steer tube you could fit it on anything. If it's been cut down (the steer tube) then that's where your problems are. You just need to see what how long the steer tube is, forget all this MAX steer tube stuff.
I have a 02 Shiver DC, Intense M1 (headtube is large), FSA PIG DH Pro headset, and I have to run atleast 30mm of spacers running the bolt on crown. You can get away with less steer tube if you run the bolt on crown. If you run a regular stem then that's where you'll need to make sure you got enough room.
If the fork is unused than Marz may trade stems with you. I think that if you call up and give them your serial # and a cc# as a deposit that they will send you out a drop crown right away. Its a tall enough fork that I would recomend the direct-mount stem. Its lower porfile than a trad stem and much stiffer.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.761683
Retrieved Text: Alabama lawmakers think that the need to protect ladies must be addressed and for that, they should not be armed. The suggestion might feel paramount to absurdity, however, it’s true. The Alabama Lawmakers are reserved in making a move to arm the women.
The argument came from the State Rep. Harry Shiver, R-Stockton, this morning. “Most women, and women teachers in particular, “are scared of guns,” and should not be expected to carry them in classrooms.,” he said.
Shiver’s comments particularly came after the discussion of a bill which would allow the school systems to designate trained teachers and administrators to carry guns in the school premises. A little background on Shiver, he’s a retired physical education teacher and a coach of 32 years in Bay Minette. Shiver has been a vocal opponent of the bill.
Shiver is of the opinion that the teachers are not ready to inject themselves in an active shooter situation. However, the public safety committee this morning approved Ainsworth’s bill to arm teachers.
Shiver also said that the teachers might face another situation, the police might end up shooting teachers if some terrorist activity takes place while the teachers are armed.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.547256
Retrieved Text: On this day, 12 October 1974 … Whoopee! had launched in March of this year, a decent comic but not particularly outstanding or especially different from stablemates Buster, Whizzer and Chips or Cor!! (which came to an end shortly after Whoopee!’s arrival). One wonders whether it was felt a shot in the arm was needed for Whoopee! to make it because its merger with Shiver and Shake seven months later marked something of a re-launch – a Whoopee! 2.0 – which gave the comic the particular character that will be far more recognisable to those who read and loved the comic throughout the rest of the decade and into the early 1980s: a wacky mix of slapstick humour and horror-based fun following the arrival of Shiver and Shake favourites such as Sweeny Toddler, Frankie Stein, Lolly Pop, Scream Inn and Creepy Car.
Because the editorial team took the re-boot, and the arrival of new readers from both merging comics, so seriously, they – and we now – were and are treated to a raft full of re-caps and character explanations that make this issue especially fun reading. Whoopee! stories such as Spy School (through the introduction of a new pupil), The Bumpkin Billionaires and Scared-stiff Sam, and Shiver and Shake’s Blunder Puss, Frankie Stein and Creepy Car all tell their origin stories, mostly through the use of flashback thought bubbles. Frankie’s three-page origin story is particularly good value so I’ve scanned it in full below, and I’ve also included a couple of frames from the original first

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.332754
Retrieved Text: Why Would a Puppy Shiver While Asleep?
If you notice your young pup shivering in his sleep, the most likely cause is that the little guy is simply dreaming, but there are several other reasons for this behavior. Puppies easily can become chilled, so he just may be cold and need a warmer spot to snooze. If his shivering is constant, even while he's awake, or if he's sleeping more than usual, he could be ill and need veterinary care.
Like people, puppies dream and may shiver, twitch or even vocalize a bit in their sleep. When your puppy sleeps, he goes through periods of slow wave sleep and rapid eye movement; dreaming occurs most frequently during REM sleep. Once he settles down for a snooze, your puppy will enter REM sleep after about 20 minutes, according to the Popular Science website. Small dogs, like puppies, experience short periods of REM sleep, around one minute in length, which occur every 10 minutes while asleep, states the Health24 website. It's during these times that you'll probably notice your little pup shivering or performing other involuntary movements in response to an exciting dream.
Young pups can quickly become chilled if kept in a room with a draft or in extremely cool temperatures. Puppies actually develop the shiver reflex to help keep their bodies warm at 2 1/2 weeks old, but will need an external source of heat to stay cozy until they reach around 4 to 5 weeks old, recommends the Hartz website. During their third and fourth weeks of life,

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.173693
Retrieved Text: Cold blooded does not mean reptiles have cold blood. They are, however, referred to as “cold-blooded” animals because of how they regulate their body temperatures through a process called thermoregulation.
In thermoregulation, reptiles are able to regulate their own body temperatures by moving to different types of environments. If a reptile feels the need to warm up, it heads to an area where it senses warmer temperatures, such as a warm rock or an area with a warmer channel of air. It then stays in that place to readjust its internal body temperature. In turn, if the reptile requires cooling down, it seeks out a cooler location, such as a shady place or a body of water. Another way reptiles maintain body temperature is by huddling together with other reptiles to either warm up or cool down.
Reptiles differ from mammals because mammals must sweat to cool down or shiver their muscles to warm up. Sweating or shivering to regulate body temperature is referred to as endothermy. Mammals and even insects, such as bees, mimic traits of thermoregulation by seeking out warmth or cold. However, unlike reptiles, amphibians, insects, and other cold-blooded animals, mammals are not able to inherently regulate their body temperatures.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.017622
Retrieved Text: Reading and share top 13 Basith famous quotes and sayings.
Browse top 13 most favorite famous quotes and sayings by Basith.
He stopped walking. I stopped walking. He moved his face to mine. I stayed there. He put his mouth on mine, soft. We kissed like that, lips on lips, and I could feel the softness of his mouth and the rougher line where his lip was chapped. The shiver in my stomach was there. The way I knew it would be, only more. It was real."
What Did Basith Talk About?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.91486
Retrieved Text: Torrill and unfortunate companion at the ‘Edge Of Salvation’ premiere in Los Angeles last night. Image: Tibrina Hobson/FilmMagic.
There’s something about staring into those cold, dead eyes that sends a shiver down my spine.
But enough about Norwegian singer Torrill. Let’s just hope that thing around her neck is dead. You don’t want stunned wild animals wandering around a dark movie theatre when you’re trying to watch a film, do you?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.518745
Retrieved Text: Mike Shiver, one of Sweden’s most well-known dj’s and producers, teamed up with Fisher for their brand new release on Black Hole Recordings.
The result is an uplifting and danceable trancer to which Fisher’s vocals are a perfect match. Priceless!
Listen to Fisher & Mike Shiver – Priceless (Original Mix) below.
Hey Buddy!, I found this information for you: "Fisher & Mike Shiver – Priceless (Original Mix) [Black Hole Recordings]". Here is the website link: https://themusicessentials.com/artists/fisher-mike-shiver-priceless/. Thank you.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.26472
Retrieved Text: (Shiv"er), v. i. To separate suddenly into many small pieces or parts; to be shattered.
There shiver shafts upon shields thick.
The natural world, should gravity once cease, . . . would instantly shiver into millions of atoms.
(Shiv"er), v. i. [OE. chiveren, cheveren; of uncertain origin. This word seems to have been confused with shiver to shatter.] To tremble; to vibrate; to quiver; to shake, as from cold or fear.
On icy Caucasus to shiver.
Thus steeled and hardened, ventures boldly in.
(Shiv"er), v. t. (Naut.) To cause to shake or tremble, as a sail, by steering close to the wind.
(Shiv"er), n. The act of shivering or trembling.
(Shiv"er*ing*ly), adv. In a shivering manner.
(Shiv"er-spar`) n. [Cf. G. schiefer-spath.] (Min.) A variety of calcite, so called from its slaty structure;  called also slate spar.
2. Easily broken; brittle; shattery.
(Shoad"ing), n. (Mining) The tracing of veins of metal by shoads. [Written also shoding.] Pryce.
(Shoal) n. [AS. scolu, sceolu, a company, multitude, crowd, akin to OS. skola; probably originally, a division, and akin to Icel. skilja to part, divide. See Skill, and cf. School. of fishes.] A great multitude assembled; a crowd; a throng;  said especially of fish; as, a shoal of bass. "Great shoals of people." Bacon.
Beneath, a shoal of silver fishes glides.
(Shoal), v. i. [imp. & p. p. Shoaled ; p. pr. & vb. n. Shoaling.] To assemble in a multitude; to throng; as, the fishes shoaled about the place. Chapman.
(Shoal), a. [Cf. Shallow; or cf. G. scholle a clod, glebe, OHG. scollo, scolla, prob. akin to E. shoal a multitude.] Having

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.188496
Retrieved Text: Summary: In Maggie Stiefvater's Shiver, Grace and Sam found each other. Now, in Linger, they must fight to be together. For Grace, this means defying her parents and keeping a very dangerous secret about her own well-being. For Sam, this means grappling with his werewolf past . . . and figuring out a way to survive into the future. Add into the mix a new wolf named Cole, whose own past has the potential to destroy the whole pack. And Isabel, who already lost her brother to the wolves . . . and is nonetheless drawn to Cole. At turns harrowing and euphoric, Linger is a spellbinding love story that explores both sides of love -- the light and the dark, the warm and the cold -- in a way you will never forget.
My Thoughts: After reading Shiver, I did not think I could be more blown away! I was wrong! Linger is even better! We are reintroduced to Sam and Grace. I love how the story shifts back and forth between four different point of views! We also get to know Cole and Isabel better. With each word of Linger, it brings me back to the beautiful love story between Sam and Grace from Shiver. Throughout this book we learn more and more about each character. Sam is working at the bookstore, living in Beck's place. Cole is shifting from wolf to boy. Cole was chosen to take Sam's place in Shiver. We learn more about Cole such as he used to be in a

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.148104
Retrieved Text: Last week a new boy joined my eleventh-grade homeroom class. We clicked immediately. His name is Mike Patterson, and I think there is a possibility he will ask me out. Instead, he asked me: “How do you shiver and shake?” I could not believe it he asked me a stupid question! I figured maybe he asked it because he was afraid to ask me out on a date. Except it turned out he was serious. Mike wanted to know how do you shiver and shake.
I wasn’t going to hurt his feelings, so I suggested Mike see a scary movie to shiver and shake all over. He then asked: “Will you go to with me to see the movie?” I couldn’t believe it – Mike was, after all, asking me out. Of course, I said yes. He then asked if a week from Saturday was good. I said it was and gave him my address so he could pick me up. With a smile on my face, I went to my history class.
Later that same day, Mike and I met again. I asked why he wanted to know how to shiver and shake. Prior to coming to Boston, he and his family lived on a farm in Kansas. Everyone worked hard on it except for him. He was lazy and often made his brother William do his chores. When it was time for the produce to be sold in town, his father would ask his brother to go. William would tell their father going alone would make

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.027018
Retrieved Text: Mr. Reich is a documentary filmmaker.
Montana’s harsh winter persists into April. That’s bleak by most metrics, but especially so if you’re a cattle rancher — the snows continue straight into calving season. When I spent a winter there to make this short film, I was astonished by the conditions: Pregnant cows would wander off alone to give birth and drop their babies into freezing ice, and calves would shiver as they struggled to survive their first night. To save the newest members of their herd, ranching families work through the snowy nights in rotating shifts, searching for newborn calves with their flashlights and pulling them into the warming shed.
I met this ranching family after visiting the nearby town of Marmarth, N.D., a few miles east of the Montana border. It was a strange, nearly forgotten little town of a hundred residents that had been a thriving community before the railroad was rerouted, and now it represented the cycle of boom and bust that has come to characterize so many towns in that area. The family who rented me my room owned a cattle ranch and were preparing for calving season. It was not long before I met their seven children, grandparents and great-grandparents. We shared Christmas dinner. I was adopted.
Seeing what goes into raising animals for consumption was an eye-opening experience. What struck me most was the intimacy and comfortable relationship each child had with the life and death of the animals. Their jobs on the farm were not just excuses to teach responsibility; they were

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.948858
Retrieved Text: When it comes down to dead-easy practicality and clever solutions, အဆိုပါ Aprilia Mana 850 GT is right up there. Under the tank-dummy, there’s room for a full-face helmet. and in the panniers you can put everything else needed for touring. Release the hand brake, fire it up twist and go.
I rode the Aprilia Mana 850 GT alongside the conventional Aprilia Shiver 750 GT ကို, and I must say that for touring I would choose the Mana 850 GT each time. Everything is so smooth, easy and practical, and I don’t miss the conventional gearing. The big Mana 850cc twin is a much smoother than the raw 750 twin in the Shiver, and nearly as fast.
With powerful radial mounted brakes the Aprilia Mana 850 GTcould possibly be a bit of a handful for customers upgrading from a scooter, so the ABS version would be recommended for those not so accustomed to a powerful front brake. Riding up and down steep mountain passes I was more than satisfied with both the brakes and the power of the automatic engine. No scooter can do these steep Alpine passes as effortlessly as the Mana 850 GT ကို.
အဆိုပါ Aprilia Mana 850 GT is many things to many different riders. If you’re upgrading from a scooter or a small motorcycle, the Mana 850 is a real motorcycle. If you’re downgrading from a more powerful conventional motorcycle, the Mana 850 is a bit of an oddity, though a practical no nonsense real world vehicle that will take you from A-to-B in the most

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.862177
Retrieved Text: Halal and kosher meat will no longer be produced in Denmark, where the ritual slaughter has been banned after years of campaigning by animal welfare groups.
Dan Jørgensen, Minister for Agriculture and Food, backs the decision with certainty of his conscience, even as he is widely quoted by the media as saying, "animal rights come before religion".
The statement has stirred up much controversy and debate from Jewish and Muslim religious groups, which are not willing to take non-halal/kosher meat on a "platter".
Animals in most countries are required to be stunned before slaughter to avoid excruciating pain at the time of death, but Jewish and Muslim rituals require the animal to be conscious during slaughter. Their legs and stomachs shiver, their necks twist and their bodies convulse painfully.
From the perspective of animal welfare groups, suffering of sentient animals should not be overlooked for the sake of unsympathetic religious sensibilities.
Supporters of the new law point to the fact that regulations of stunning animals before death are already in place in European Union countries.
The Economist notes that Denmark has not recorded any ritual slaughter in the last ten years.
"No slaughter without pre-stunning has been registered in Denmark in the last ten years. It is still permitted to import meat slaughtered without pre-stunning. And a very large amount of Danish meat has been, and will continue to be, halal slaughtered, with the animal stunned right before slaughter," says Jørgensen.
Khalil Jaffar, an Imam at the Islamic Cultural Centre in Copenhagen has testified that Islamic leaders in the country promulgated a religious decree

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.85257
Retrieved Text: For years, Grace has watched the wolves in the woods behind her house. One yellow-eyed wolf — her wolf — is a haunting presence she can't seem to live without.
Meanwhile, Sam has lived two lives: In winter, the frozen woods, the protection of the pack, and the silent company of a fearless girl. In summer, a few precious months of being human...until the cold makes him shift back again.
Now, Grace meets a yellow-eyed boy with a murky past. It's her wolf. It has to be. But as winter nears, Sam must fight to stay human — or risk losing himself, and Grace, forever.
Shiver is the first in The Shiver Trilogy by Maggie Stiefvater and the first book of hers I had ever read. I picked up Shiver out of the blue when my teacher brought in a shelve of new books that the English department had just bought. There were ones like "I am number four", "Skulduggery Pleasant" and my 2 fave books in the world "Hunger Games" and "Twilight. My first instinct was to pick up either of the 2 but then I saw Shiver and once I was intrigued by the blurb it was... well let's just say love at first sight.
I was up to chapter eight when the bell rang and I sadly had to give it back, it wasn't allowed to be borrowed yet and the library was closed. Damm...... Loving the first 8 chapters it was all I could think about. I went to my local bookstore..... out of stock. Library

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.795916
Retrieved Text: (1) Yet the crystals of my summer didn't shiver into fragments.(2) A shiver of pleasure went down her spine as she turned to look at him.(3) Here are other titles that should give warm-weather readers a shiver of excitement.(4) she gave a little shiver as the wind flicked at her bare arms(5) She felt an involuntary shiver go through her.(6) 'Do it,' he replied with a shiver.(7) Then he sees the drawing of the donkey and experiences a shiver of dread.(8) A deep shiver coursed its way down his spine and into his feet.(9) My attention next goes to my back as I shiver in the cold air.(10) Aiden ignored her and blew into her ear; her response was to involuntarily shiver uncontrollably.(11) A shiver racked his body, making his step ever so slightly falter.(12) the world seemed to shiver into a million splinters of prismatic colour(13) So it is with a shiver of anticipation that I note the return of my favourite dilemma.(14) Even without knowing any of the facts this sent a cold shiver down my spine.(15) A shiver of excitement ran through him, mixed with with fear.(16) I suppressed a shiver of disgust and fought down the feelings of triumph writhing in my stomach.
Meaning and definitions of shiver, translation in Afrikaans language for shiver with similar and opposite words. Also find spoken pronunciation of shiver in Afrikaans and in English language.
Tags for the entry "shiver"
What shiver means in Afrikaans, shiver meaning in Afrikaans, shiver definition, examples and pronunciation of shiver in Afrikaans language.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.470917
Retrieved Text: Psychedelia and blues-rock from Switzerland. With colour four-page insert in LP size. Gatefold cover with great artwork by H. R. Giger. Strictly limited to 1000 handnumbered LPs."
The Shiver are for sure the most renowned psychedelic band from Switzerland. Their one and only LP "Walpurgis" (from 1969) is legendary and hardly affordable. So, evidently, a lot of bootleg versions appeared on the market over the years, but all of them very poorly done. The LP on Garden of Delights comes in a gatefold cover and, as usual, with a 4-page insert in LP size, including a detailed band history in German and English language, discography, cover and label repros, band photographs etc. The LP has three bonus tracks. Two of those are taken from the very rare sampler "1. Schweizer Rhythm and Blues Festival". The early version of "Repent Walpurgis" comes from a so-called split single from 1968, where you can find The Etc on its flip side. Thus, the complete released works of The Shiver can be found on this LP. The fold-out cover artwork designed by H. R. Giger was taken over unchanged."

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.465847
Retrieved Text: 1. To shake or tremble, as from cold or fear. See Synonyms at shake.
2. To quiver or vibrate, as by the force of the wind.
To cause (a sail) to flutter by sailing too close to the wind.
1. An instance of shivering or trembling.
2. shivers An attack of shivering. Used with the.
To break into fragments or splinters; shatter.
To cause to break suddenly into fragments or splinters.
1. to shake or tremble with cold, fear, excitement, etc.
a. (of a fore-and-aft sail) to shake when too close to the wind.
b. (of a sailing vessel) to be headed so close to the wind that the sails shake.
3. a tremulous motion; a tremble or quiver.
4. the shivers, an attack of shivering or chills.
1. to break or split into fragments.
2. shiver - an almost pleasurable sensation of fright; "a frisson of surprise shot through him"
2. shiver - shake, as from cold; "The children are shivering--turn on the heat!"
1. shudder, shake, tremble, quake, quiver, palpitate He shivered in the cold.
1. tremble, shake, shudder, quiver, thrill, trembling, flutter, tremor, frisson (French) Alice gave a shiver of delight.
the shivers the shakes, a chill (informal), goose pimples, goose flesh, chattering teeth My boss gives me the shivers.
quake, quaver, quiver, shake, shudder, tremble, twitter, vibrate.
quake, quiver, shake, shudder, thrill, tic, tremor, twitch.
fidget (often used in plural), jitter (used in plural), jump (used in plural), tremble (often used in plural).
break, fracture, rift, rive, shatter, smash, splinter, sunder.
v. tener escalofríos; tiritar de frío; estremecerse.
This made him more evil-looking than ever, and when he glared viciously at me I remembered with

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.39799
Retrieved Text: One of the things I will always remember about my Camp Summit experiences is getting over my fear of snakes. Prior to 1994 I was scared stiff of snakes and wouldn’t go near them, snakes made me shiver and self-harm would have had more appeal to me than touching one.
Camp Summit had a menagerie that was provided by one of the specialist members of staff – Harry, if I remember his name correctly (apologies if I don’t, it’s been a long time), travelled to camp with his car loaded with animals for the kids to interact with.
Part of Harry’s travelling zoo included pythons – two to be exact, one albino and one in the standard colourway. I watched the youngsters engaging with these creatures and was amazed by their lack of fear. To be honest I felt like a bit of a wuss – being so frightened when children all around me weren’t.
I resolved to conquer my fear and went to Harry for help. In due course, Harry got a snake out and placed it around my shoulder – I was prepared to be freaked out.
I always thought that snakes were cold and slimy but the fact is that they aren’t – the python was muscular and dry and strong and, far from being horrible, was actually a pleasant creature to interact with. I stopped being scared and started being interested instead.
Getting over a fear is a liberating experience and I am grateful that I was able to see off my snake phobia.
My father-in-law runs a

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.371151
Retrieved Text: What Can Cause a Dog to Shiver Besides Being Cold?
Let a vet address your pooch's uncontrollable shivering.
If your dog shakes, shivers or trembles uncontrollably, he could be suffering from fear issues or a serious medical disorder. Observe your dog’s other physical behaviors, taking into consideration his surroundings and the temperature. Make note of anything he may recently have ingested. Seek veterinary medical attention as soon as possible to ensure you're addressing the root of the shivering problem.
Dogs shiver when they become hypothermic due to extremely low temperatures. They may also tremble and shake if they are overheated. This is generally accompanied by labored breathing, a bright red tongue and pale gums as well as vomiting or diarrhea. Your dog may shiver if he has a fever due to infection or other illness. According to Web MD, dogs running a fever over 106 degrees Fahrenheit need immediate veterinary attention; fevers of 103 merit a call to the vet. You can help cool a dog whose body temperature is 105 or higher by applying cool water around the ears and feet and using a fan on the damp fur. WebMD says you should monitor your dog’s rectal temperature as you do this and stop the cooling procedure when the dog's rectal temperature reaches 103 degrees Fahrenheit.
If your dog gets into any type of chocolate, tobacco product or toxic chemical in or around your home such as lawn fertilizer, insecticide or even some types of plants or gardening mulch, it could create a reaction that manifests itself in shaking,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.35342
Retrieved Text: John Fryer's Black Needle Noise teams up with Bill Leeb for "A Shiver Of Want"
Over the years John Fryer has produced countless influential and important acts - This Mortal Coil, Depeche Mode, Love and Rockets, Clan Of Xymox, Cocteau Twins, Yaz, Nine Inch Nails, and SO many more. Last year Fryer launched his latest project Black Needle Noise and since then has released two full length albums, including an 11 track record titled Lost In Reflections.
Lost In Reflections features several guest vocalists, including electro-industrial pioneer Bill Leeb (Front Line Assembly/Delerium/Intermix/etc) on the standout track "A Shiver Of Want." The single is a rare one-off collaboration to feature Leeb on vocals - though he's highly sought after, Leeb is known to refuse most collaborative offers. He agreed to work with Fryer after the two met and hit it off in Norway a few years ago. Though it took some time for the stars to align, they finally got together and created the dark electro track.
"To me, the lyrics are like you are peering through a looking glass at your life, as if it were a third person. You are trying to grasp its fluidity as it slips through your mind and soul, having absolutely no control of where it is truly taking you on its final journey. Somehow one tries to come to terms with this, but it never gives you a clear picture or resolves in your subliminal state or dreams.
Everyone knows it will end, but I do hope somehow a realm of consciousness will arise

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.301157
Retrieved Text: In the work area of the library where I am employed there are two private staff bathrooms. Both are located down an out of the way hallway that dead ends in a rarely used shower room. When one enters this hallway these bathrooms are to the left, and to the right is a sort of space tucked behind the hall entry where we used to unadvisedly keep the staff lockers but where we now just store... stuff.
When I walk into this hallway heading off to, well, you know, I am surprised by a dark, looming figure standing creepily in the corner to my right. My heart jumps, skips, stutters. Is some mentally unstable co-worker waiting to leap at me as I'm going to the bathroom?
One of the things stored in this space, hidden behind that small bit of entry wall, is some kind of folding contraption, maybe used for a portable library that my system is temporarily and inexplicably interested in. The contraption is wrapped up in a case. It all looks like a cello maybe, or even a bass as a professional musician would travel with, but with some extra stuff packed into it. If one looks at it directly it doesn't look much like a person of any kind, but if one is going to the bathroom, and thinking about other things, and sees it out of the corner of one's eye, it looks a lot like a mugger, or a bogey, or a sinister spectral figure of doom.
So my heart stops. "Yike!" I

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.257908
Retrieved Text: Dr. Ron Shiver has dedicated his career to providing unparalleled dental care to patients in Valdosta, GA. As a Georgia native, he is passionate about helping the patients in his community achieve their healthiest, most beautiful smiles. To ensure that he is implementing the latest techniques, Dr. Shiver has completed a variety of continuing education courses, far exceeding the Georgia State Board of Dentistry's requirements. Dental implants have become a particular area of focus and have been an integral part of his ongoing training. He is also active in several professional organizations, allowing him to stay abreast of the latest developments and continually improve his services. As your dentist, Dr. Shiver makes every effort to help you feel comfortable and confident in his care.
"My experience with Dr. Shiver and his staff has been nothing but outstanding." Terry D.
Dental implants provide long-lasting tooth replacement.
Dental implants are a trusted restorative solution for tooth loss. Whether you are missing one tooth or an entire dental arch, dental implants can restore both function and aesthetics to your smile. These small posts are placed in the jaw to act as an anchor for a crown, denture, or bridge. In additional to traditional implants, Dr. Shiver offers the All-on-4 technique. This procedure is often recommended for patients who have experienced jaw bone recession. Dental implants offer improved stability, allowing you to eat, speak, and smile with confidence. Due to the complex nature of this treatment, Dr. Shiver has completed over 360 hours of post-graduate training in implant placement. This allows him to

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.242777
Retrieved Text: Fine time for summer to show up - and show up it did! To make the most of it, we had 3 teammates from E's basketball team up. Now most would shiver at the thought of 4 13 year olds in a small cottage, but I have to admit, I thoroughly enjoyed their company. We had a lot of laughs (who knew Annika was such a comedian?) and a lot of food! The weather couldn't have been better! Arrivaderci Summer Holidays!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.227694
Retrieved Text: Shiver. Debuted at #9 on the New York Times best seller list; Indies Choice Book Award Finalist; ALA Best Books for Young Adults. For years, Grace has watched the wolves in the woods behind her house. One yellow-eyed wolf—her wolf—is a chilling presence she can't seem to live without. Sinner is the standalone companion book to the internationally bestselling Shiver Trilogy that was released this past July. The story follows Cole St. Clair.
30 Dec Are you fascinated by wolves? Ever wondered what they felt like inside? What they were actually thinking? Then you will love Shiver, a dark. The official site of Maggie Stiefvater's #1 NYT Bestselling Shiver Trilogy, with extras and information about Shiver, Linger, and Forever. 31 Mar [PDF] [EPUB] Shiver (The Wolves of Mercy Falls, #1) Download by Maggie Stiefvater. Download free ebook of Shiver (The Wolves of Mercy.
Wolves of Mercy Falls is a book series written by Maggie Stiefvater which At the start of Shiver, Grace is bitten by the wolves that live behind her house, but she. 24 Jun For years, Grace has watched the wolves in the woods behind her house. One yellow-eyed wolf--her wolf--is a chilling presence she can't. Listen to Shiver: Book 1 of the Wolves of Mercy Falls by Maggie Stiefvater with Rakuten Kobo. Narrated by David LeDoux. Every summer Sam spends a few.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.190798
Retrieved Text: New has released information about its 2020 Aprilia Shiver 900, which is all-new from the ground up. The 2020 Aprilia Shiver 900 has been a popular motorcycle since it was dramatically overhauled in 2014. 2020 Aprilia Shiver 900 Motocross Motorcycle Photo Gallery, Video, Specs, Features, Offers, Inventory and more.
ast month the revealed the all-new 2020 Aprilia Shiver 900 motocrosser, this month we get to ride it. Check out our first impression. Last year its big brother received a major update, so now the 2020 Aprilia Shiver 900 takes its turn. First impression test ride of the 2020 Aprilia Shiver 900, which features an all-new engine with electric starter and a redesigned aluminum frame.
2020 Aprilia Shiver 900, RACE, WINPowerful and reliable, and now with push-botton electric start and the Yamaha power tuner smartphone app. With an all-new engine, new frame, new bodywork, electric start, Power Tuner app and more, the 2020 Aprilia Shiver 900 is ready to roost the competition. The official product page of the 2020 Aprilia Shiver 900. The page contains the technical specs, media for download and an overview of related accessories.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.170403
Retrieved Text: To take the lead in the class as competitive as heat medium powered naked class it is certainly not easy. In an arena where the battle is not just about technology and performance, but also design, component of rationality and riding ease and pleasure, elements of which are not always compatible and very demanding for designers and engineers a world class you met in this battle.
And Aprilia have taken this challenge and interpreted it to apply a philosophy of success a completely new design, destined to set new standards for years to come. The second bike is very aggressive and at the same time look neat and elegant, in terms of style Aprilia already perfect. The bike at the top of its class for the sporty personality, designed on the basis of the know-how of the company that has won the 250 World Championship date of victory.
The pride of all Aprilia Bikes, fine mechanics and qualified upper-class chassis, again is the key to the success of the 750 Shiver.
Aprilia shiver 750 is a naked motorcycle everyone was waiting for. A design that is able to meet the different needs of the people who buy this type of bike. From daily use to travel all mountain or used at the racetrack, the Aprilia shiver 750 is really in any situation, guaranteeing pure Riding pleasure at all times.
Light, agile and powerful, has a new generation of machines and technical features of the most advanced in its class. Brand new 90 ° V2 produced entirely in-house by Aprilia is

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.115467
Retrieved Text: If you’re like many people, you know about Theo Jansen already. You may not know you know, but on reflection perhaps you realize you do. You’ve come across his kinetic sculptures in videos online, or a kid has shown the videos to you, or you’ve been with friends who were watching them. Once seen, they are remembered. Theo Jansen is a Dutch artist who lives in Delft, near the North Sea. He could almost be a single-name artist, because everybody calls him Theo, pronounced “Tayo.” For the past twenty-one years, Theo has devoted himself to constructing animals that can walk on the beach powered only by the wind.
His name for his animals is Strandbeests, which means “beach animals” in Dutch. The first time I saw them, I was in a restaurant in Manhattan having lunch with friends and somebody brought out a laptop and we watched and re-watched them. The creatures were many-legged, they seemed as at home on a beach as sandpipers or crabs, they high-stepped with the vivacity of colts, they fit perfectly next to the waves and sky. Some had batwing-like sails, one was made of plywood, but basically they were accumulations of stiff plastic tubes. To see inanimate stuff come to life that way was wild, shiver-inducing—like seeing a haystack do the Macarena.
At this lunch, people said how great it would be if the Strandbeests came to New York. And they might, because Robert Kloos, the director for Visual Arts, Architecture, and Design at the Consulate General of the Netherlands, has been

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.087273
Retrieved Text: it did kindly win for me.
Pause to win, like the Turf does.
Above all others is my poor pasture.
Are you upset by how abundant it is?
Does it tear you apart to see the poor pasture so succulent?
Are you upset by how fourpenny they are?
Does it tear you apart to see the infields so over-sized?
I cannot help but stop and look at wooly, green grassland.
Never forget the soft and woolly-headed green grassland.
I cannot help but stop and look at the big, dusty dirt.
a dusty dirt is heroic, however.
deep divots are tangled, however.
Why would you think the fine fescue is uncultivated?
the fine fescue is the most cultivated grass of all.
Gently it goes – the refined, the uncultivated, the genteel.
it did kindly install for me.
Pause to install, like the Turf does.
You can install, you can win, but can you breed?
I think he’s angry at the complainer.
Overshadowed by the weird golden fig.
Who is that prowling near the snake?
I think she’d like to eat the stomach ache.
Admired as she sits upon a garabedian.
It needs no gas, it runs on bikin.
a pet fox, and lots of dialogue.
Especially one that’s in the tat.
He want to leave but she wants the panel truck.
I think he’s angry at the traynor.
Overshadowed by the weird wig.
I think she’d like to eat the stake.
It needs no gas, it runs on ficken.
a pet fox, and lots of eggnog.
Especially one that’s in the butterfat.
He want to leave but she wants the nuque.
Does the fallen make you shiver?
Gently it goes – the white-livered, the dishonourable, the chickenhearted.
To get me wondering if the

================



======= Instance Index 37 =========
Input Text: In the desert it was harder to find a

Which is the correct answer?
- stream
- cactus
- dry bed
- canyon

Target Text: stream

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.119694
Retrieved Text: The south west of Victoria has a reasonable rainfall and fertile volcanic soils. Imaginatively named the Western District it is a rich agricultural area. Moving north rainfall diminishes and temperature increases. To the north of the Western District Victoria has its deserts. The sand was donated by South Australia during past ice ages brought by the prevailing westerly winds. These deposits are known as the Lowan sands. The Big Desert is in the middle, to the north is the Sunset Country, to the south the Little Desert. They are dry, they are hot in summer but they are all quite well vegetated. Too well vegetated to be real deserts.
I thought the Big Desert would be a good place to try out the new FJ Cruiser on the sand. Here it is with my trusty Pod Camper on the edge of the desert.
This is the Shy Heathwren, Hylacola cauta. There is another species in the same genus, the Chestnut Rumped Heathwren, that is even harder to find. It has been said that the Chestnut-rumped Heathwren makes the Shy Heathwren look like a social butterfly.
Hey, great shots. I love this part of Victoria, though it would be mighty hot there at the moment!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.02698
Retrieved Text: Hear what our patients say about their experience at Desert Breeze Dental in the testimonials below.
We’d love to hear about your experience! Please email us with your feedback on the Desert Breeze Dental team.
Thank you for taking care of my teeth! Every person on staff is genuinely friendly and caring! You ALL make me smile. Thanks to all of you!
Thanks for taking the time to adjust my tooth. It was a pleasure meeting you and learning of your background.
I just had to personally thank you for all of the kindness and generosity that you have shown my son, Jordan, as well as your excellent work as evidenced by your previous work from a few years ago. After practicing for over 32 years, I find it harder and harder to find ethical professionals in our field with high standards. You embody them both and I just want to thank you for all that you are doing to accommodate him and to insure that he gets the best possible treatment, including the repair work needed.
My wife and I were so appalled with the recent “work” done on Jordan and concerned about how best to resolve the situation. Jordan called us immediately after seeing you and was so relieved to know he was in good hands with someone who is very professional and one that he can trust. He was overwhelmed with your generosity and willingness to help him “fix” everything without having to go back to the original dentist. Doreen and I are also more than relieved and

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.502192
Retrieved Text: Farm / Agricultural Insurance - Indio CA & Palm Desert CA - Desert Cornerstone Insurance Service, Inc.
Whether you’re a local grower or a large cultivator, we understand the value of insuring your greatest asset. At Desert Cornerstone Insurance Service, Inc., we’re dedicated to providing the agricultural coverage and services you need to keep your farm or ranch protected – so you can focus on maintaining a smooth operation.
We know that you work hard as a farmer, and at Desert Cornerstone Insurance Service, Inc. we want to extend that same courtesy to you by keeping your farm and everything on it insured. Our insurance specialists are sensitive to your individual needs and will work with you to find a policy that best suits your farm or ranch.
You’ve worked hard to build your farm into a business. Desert Cornerstone Insurance Service, Inc. will work even harder to ensure that your business is protected.
We provide insurance solutions for farmers near Coachella, La Quinta, Indian Wells, Palm Desert, Palm Springs, and Riverside.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.125965
Retrieved Text: and how did I miss, with sunlight's fade, our dimming friendship too?
and how did You seem so far away - beyond such deserts wide?
and how was it all futility with needs that never end?
right over the worst terrain I found, only to find Your wrath?
and how, when with repentance here, did truth exacerbate guilt?
then question straight and narrow path that lost all chance to learn?
waiting for all Your answers here in this frigid midnight cold?
and how did Your stars stare down at me and make me feel alone?
No longer will I cut my path nor crawl through desert sand.
I'll walk along still waters here, beside You, hand in hand.
still harder to walk the narrow, then harder to persevere.
I'm so content in knowing that, You're right down here with me.
and faith reveals that dawn has come with morning sun, Your grace.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.687792
Retrieved Text: Summer is here and it is harder to cover up that dry and patchy skin when you have to wear less clothing. As any compassionate consumer knows, it is difficult to find a good lotion that doesn’t contain lanolin, a hidden cruel contender amongst many so-called “cruelty free” lines.
In terms of animal testing, Desert Essence doesn’t test their finished product on animals, and they require that their ingredient suppliers are cruelty-free. Many of their products are gluten-free, and labeled as such, and all of it comes in BPA-free packaging.
Desert Essence’s lotion and skin cream line is full of ingredients that will aid in hydrating and repairing the skin. Shea butter, millet oil, argan oil, coconut oil, vitamin E and jojoba oil are some of the nourishing ingredients used in their lotions and creams. They combine their skin softening ingredients with heavenly scents, such as lavender, coconut lime, lavender, vanilla, sweet almond, pumpkin spice, and pistachio.
Desert Essence offers hand and foot creams for those who need something more moisturizing than the basic lotions. Their hand and foot creams include a higher concentration of oils and extracts to support seriously dry skin, as well as Vitamins A, C, E and K to help repair and rebalance the skin. A thicker and creamier mixture penetrates the skin with a stronger formula to help the skin return back to its soft and supple state.
To get a tube of Desert Essence, you can order online or find it in your closest retailer.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.554235
Retrieved Text: In the barren desert of Joshua Tree, California is a house that is difficult to see and even harder to believe.
With construction taking five years to complete, this amalgamation of concrete, steel and glass blends into the rocky hillside of the Mojave Desert (see below) and sold last year for US$3 million.
Featuring heavy walls and a rib-like structure, this desert home serves as a robust shelter against desert storms and even withstood an earthquake in 1992.
The building has 26 columns that fan out of its rooflines like wings and was built as homage to the Native American housing that was once scattered across the southwest United States.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.344545
Retrieved Text: The Marion Times and the community of Marion are excited and sending a warm welcome to the Desert Frog, which is relocating from SW Cedar Rapids, to its new location.
By the beginning of April 2016, this new store will be located at 1090 7th Avenue, Suite 100, in Uptown Marion.
Desert Frog offers its own bath and body care products, as well as the ingredients to make your own. “Whether you’re a hobbiest or a professional, you’ll find what you need at this shop,” is the theme of this retail store. Desert Frog expands its selections weekly, so there is always plenty to choose from!
The Desert Frog got its inspiration after owner, Chris Slominski, took a soap making class … after that, the rest was history! Not only did soap making become an addiction for this entrepreneur, friends and family couldn’t get enough either. There was such a request for more!
So the decision was made in 2012 to open up shop in SW Cedar Rapids with unique jewelry as well as homemade bath and body products!
Desert Frog uses food grade oils in the handmade soaps. They use palm oil (used to produce a harder bar) purchased from suppliers who are members of Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO). They do offer some palm-free soap. The store also uses natural pigments and mica powders to color the handcrafted soaps, as well as natural ingredients like marigold (calendula) or olive leaf powder.
Desert Frog also sells Essential Oils, Fragrance Oils, Cocoa and Shea Butters, Jojoba Beads, Preservatives, Botanicals, and a

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.171522
Retrieved Text: It wasn’t Palm Desert’s fumble return for a touchdown, and the controversy that came with it, that provided the Aztecs with a critical win over Shadow Hills on Friday.
But the sequence of events came at a pivotal moment, and following that touchdown Palm Desert never looked back in a 26-14 win in the matchup of the top-ranked teams in divisions 9 and 10 of the CIF Southern Section.
Despite turning the ball over three times early, Shadow Hills appeared to dominate the first quarter. The Knights’ defense held the Aztecs to minus-15 total offensive yards through the first 12 plays of the game and surrendered just three points off the three turnovers.
Senior Kevin Johnson also broke an 80-yard run for the game’s first touchdown to give Shadow Hills a 7-3 lead.
But in the second quarter, Johnson ran with the ball toward the Shadow Hills sideline and was brought down as his left elbow hit the ground, popping the ball loose. The play was not called dead, Palm Desert recovered and ran the ball into the end zone.
The referee along the sideline was yards away yet deferred the call to the official on the other side of the field, who upheld the call. Shadow Hills coaches were irate, but their protests were in vain.
It felt as though the momentum had shifted. And with the Knights’ inability to take care of the ball, it was lost for the remainder of the game.
Palm Desert then intercepted a pass, for their fourth first-half turnover, on the ensuing drive, and Aztecs’ senior

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.82189
Retrieved Text: Challenge: Take advantage of the spatial characteristics of VR and place the user at the center of a playful music improvisation.
This is a sonic VR experience allowing players to orchestrate a musical soundscape thru interactions with dynamic objects and playful physics. Positioning the user as co-author is a theme in my work, and in this project it was interesting to see how people approached the act of musical improvisation within a VR headset experience. Here is a live demo of the piece that I performed for the ITP class Interactive Music, and below you'll find a stop motion video of our showcase at the 2017 ITP Spring Show where the public got to try it out. Kids especially enjoyed it - always a good sign that the interface and concept are as intuitive you'd hoped!
My partner Or Fleisher and I have populated a desert landscape with variously shaped bounceable objects where each is tied to an array of ambient music sound assets. Related sonic clusters which span the eq spectrum are grouped, and the sounds are triggered as their corresponding object bounces against the ground. By bouncing the object harder it travels higher, effectively stretching the cycle length of each array’s loop. And as each object pulls randomly from an array of note values, unpredictable melodies and combinations of harmonious sounds unfold and play out as the user travels around the desert tending to their dynamic soundscape in motion. Every time it's a different composition, and every time it sounds good.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.424927
Retrieved Text: This Californian is obsessed with the desert. And we’re obsessed watching him blast through — and over — it!
We here at YotaTech are admittedly huge fans of The Jump Champs. And who wouldn’t be? The genius, relatively-new event focuses on our favorite part of desert racing: the jumps. We simply never get tired of watching various heavy machinery fly through the air. Plus, we love the fact that the event allows pretty much anyone to compete. No fancy race truck or certification required.
Now call us biased, but one of our favorite Jump Champs competitors so far has to be J.D. Brittain‘s awesome 2007 Toyota 4Runner. He didn’t have to go far to find the desert destroyer because his friend had already gotten a good head start with a nice list of modifications. Since then, he’s done some additional work to the 4Runner which has helped it better handle the abuse that jump events dish out so prodigiously.
YotaTech recently caught up with J.D. to get some more info on his badass truck and his racing career. And as we already suspected, it shows just how passionate the Camarillo, California, resident is about Toyotas and the local desert community that he has become a big part of.
YotaTech: First things first, let’s talk about your killer 4Runner. Can you give us some history and talk about the mods that have been done to the truck?
J.D. Brittain: It was originally bought by my good buddy, Fabian. He started off making his own upper arms, lower arms, and custom spindles —

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.397541
Retrieved Text: Chase Rather of CM Racing has been racing the #3747 XJ for several years in various JeepSpeed and Best in the Desert Races. Running on a BDS long arm kit the Jeep Cherokee has had it’s share of glory over the years. Following a recent competition the rig was put to the test and sad to say finally met it’s match. Here’s his recap of the XJ’s final race.
At this year’s Best in the Desert Bluewater Desert Challenge, CM Racing came out looking to make a statement. We had put in weeks of preparation adjusting shocks, plumbing lines, and meticulously ensuring the 3747 Jeep was ready to run hard for front of the pack. Saturday October 15th at 6:15am, with Chase Rather driving and Britt Wolf co-driving, CM Racing left the line side by side with the leader. We set a fast pace and hung with the 3799 Jeep from the beginning. He seemed to be pushing harder than he wanted to run between mile marker 13 and 14 we made the pass to find ourselves in first place. After finding the lead we felt comfortable maintaining this fast pace and quickly put time between us. However at mile 20, a sandy whoop section put 3747 end over end once and rolled once more coming to rest. Within 20 minutes we were upright and moving again. We gave the vehicle a once over and headed out. We were reluctant to find that our BDS suspension system held together with any compromise. We continued on knowing well

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.140621
Retrieved Text: We allways bring our DSLR when we walk through the desert. These are some impressions from our last tour. In this time of the year the weather in the western part of sahara goes crazy. Thanks to that the clouds reflect a lot light. A gift to every photographer. In our galerie you can find much more pictures.
After six days and 150 kilometers of walking we are back. Here is a little preview of our new promotionvideo, that we will publish together with new itineries about a longer and harder tour in here.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.043608
Retrieved Text: Oshima is the largest island in the Izu peninsula, as well as the most visited. It has an active volcano surrounded by black desert … the only desert in Japan! Let’s pay a visit with Airi-chan.
First boat (Tokaikisen) at 7.35am from Hamamatsuchō (Tokyo). Arrive at 9.20. It’s a long walk to the volcano. There are buses, but we’d rather hire a car (through one of the 3–4 rentals waiting for tourists). At 10am, arrive at car park where trails to the volcano set off. Be careful though, the way back is a bit more precarious.
The main attraction of Oshima is Mount Mihara, the volcano. The last eruption dates from 1986, so it’s active.
It doesn’t take long to walk round the crater. From up here, you can admire Mount Fuji while unearthing the trapped Godzilla.
Godzilla isn’t the only one! The body of Sadako’s mother is also hidden here in the horror movie The Ring! Like the forest of Fuji-san, Mihara volcano was very popular with suicides when the film came out.
Let’s go find our desert. Up on the crater, we follow the track to the right, and at the end of the loop turn right again to find ourselves on the path above. It runs alongside the black desert, straight to a village overlooking the sea. But on the map there seems to be a path crossing the desert, and that’s the one that interests us.
We head right along yet another track. No directions. Seems ideal to me.
I soon realize that these tracks are really dried-up riverbeds.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.008675
Retrieved Text: RPFG's, Groups, Contests and Forum Games / the mall!!!
this is how it works. there are 4 stores. you get to work at one.
General / why was sceptile banned???
i voted on 1 game, and leveled up a level!!!!!lol.
Hello.wolfuno here with a review on cryptic desert by youngcaliman.to tell the truth, after playing this game, it changed what I thought a good game was.I had heard about him, but never played one of his games. That is why this game was a mystery.
When I first played this,there was a constant puzzle at the begining.there were invisible switches.many took me a while to find.while others,I found very fast.there were other various puzzles including pem switches, the power gluv, and many more.the puzzles are at probobly an 8/10.
for action, there were only turrets.no other enimies. In my opinion, it should stay that way because its a puzzle game.but the turrets made the game much harder.
The decorations were stunning.he must have put a lot of effort in to that.if you play it, there are backwalls, gold panels, statues, and other various decorations.
for power-ups,there wern't many. the ones he did put into the game, were insanly hard to get.traps. there were absolutly no traps at all. it would have made it a bit more fun if youngcaliman put some traps in it.if there were any traps at all, I never saw them.
This game also has a good storyline. It says somthing about an ancient desert and you went to find some sort of treasure or somthing like that.
he also came up with

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.98332
Retrieved Text: The desert is a place of immense beauty and mystery. There is something awe-inspiring about desert landscape that evolves before your eyes, the nomadic people that call it home, and the extremities in weather that allow only the toughest creatures to survive there.
Recently, I was searching the Internet for travel inspiration when the Sahara Desert in Morocco popped up. It seemed that many travellers visited Morocco purely to see the desert and spend a night under the stars. As I dug deeper, I started to learn about Morocco’s stunning blue city, the fascinating Berber culture, and impressive ancient sites.
Being in Spain at the time, I thought to myself – why not book a trip to Morocco as it’s just a short flight away? The goal was to fulfil a lifelong dream to venture into the Sahara Desert and experience Moroccan culture on a thrilling 3-week trip. Starting in Marrakesh and traversing more than 6 destinations, this trip was full of adventure and unique experiences.
My trip to Morocco began in the vibrant city of Marrakesh. I spent a couple of days there wandering through the narrow alleys of the city’s ancient walled medina. In the busy streets of the medina I encountered specialty souks selling everything from spices to lanterns, emblematic Moroccan architecture, beautiful rooftop terraces, and ancient modes of transport such as donkey carts!
I also visited the incredible Jardin Majorelle founded by the French painter Jacques Majorelle and later gifted to Marrakesh by the French fashion designer Yves Saint Laurent. I spent several hours there walking

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.957777
Retrieved Text: Geography: Egypt's landscape is mostly desert with a few oases. It is also home to the famous Nile River, one of the world's longest rivers.
Money: The Egyptian Pound (EGP) is divided into 100 piastres. ATMs are common in Egypt's larger cities but may be harder to find in smaller towns. To open a bank account in Egypt, expats may need to present a work permit or other proof of long-term residence in the country. Requirements may vary from bank to bank.
Transport and driving: Cairo has a well-developed public transport system, including a metro, buses, trams and trains. Other cities may have fewer options, and public transport throughout Egypt tends to be crowded and uncomfortable. Cars drive on the right-hand side of the road.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.94594
Retrieved Text: About 20 years ago, my family trekked down into the Grand Canyon, carrying sleeping bags and pitching our tent near Phantom Ranch at the bottom. We treated ourselves to dinner at the ranch so we would have less to carry down – and up! The rule here is that anything you transport down that isn’t consumed (garbage included) must be carried out.
On this trip, Ed and I chatted with one park warden who told us that water bottles comprise nearly 30% of the waste stream throughout the park. Unbelievably, a significant number of people simply toss empty water bottles into the canyon! It’s hard to imagine the stupidity of someone who might consider this appropriate. They have staff who climb down to collect more than a ton of these each year!
What’s astounding is that the first European to see the canyon, the Spaniard, Coronado, regarded it as a massively inconvenient hole to be got around somehow. Well, I suppose, if your aim is just to find gold, you might overlook one of the wonders of the world.
Arizona itself might be considered a wonder. It’s as if the Creator took a box of paint and said, “No more rules, I’m just going to toss colours everywhere.” The result is unexpectedly high mesas beside flat desert; towering forests and scrub pine; soaring mountains and swooping valleys, all of which come in the most astounding variety of colours – from palest pinks and white to red, yellow, purple, blue and even black. Every turn of the road brings another

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.682676
Retrieved Text: For thousands of years Tuareg tribespeople have defied the pull of civilisation and roamed the vast and inhospitable Sahara desert with their animals. Yet now the drought that has left seven million people in Niger needing food aid is blighting Tuareg nomads too.
With water holes drying up and animals dying many Tuaregs are turning their backs on the desert and heading for cities in the region, perhaps never to return.
On the outskirts of Niger's capital city, Niamey, a sprawling tent made out of colourful cloth, old aid sacks and strips of plastic covers a large patch of dusty ground.
It's home to a group of 17 Tuareg tribespeople, all of whom have fled here from the scorching Sahara desert to the north.
Their leader, Youseff al-Hamada, says their former home has always been a tough and challenging place to live but is now becoming uninhabitable following the ongoing drought.
"Life in the desert had slowly become harder and more uncertain than ever," he told me. "And this had affected my people's lifestyle there. As time went by the exodus grew. More and more animals were dying and my own community began to run out of meat and milk. We, too, couldn't sustain our way of life any longer."
Youseff told me that until now the annual wet season has brought enough rain to provide some desert water holes and scrub for animals to live off.
This, he says is no longer the case in many areas. Faced with having to feed seven children, five of whom belonged to his brother who

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.560238
Retrieved Text: After a frustrating crash in the morning, caused by a stupid mistake, I got the bike fixed up and ready for the next session. After a few laps of easy riding, trying to get some heat in the tires, I decided to push it a little harder.
Riding in front of me for the first half of the lap is Christian D. on the white Triumph Daytona 675. Christian came up from Los Angeles and although he is somewhat of a new rider (2+ years), Christian has been going to Chuckwalla Valley Raceway in Desert Valley, CA a bunch. This was his first track day at Laguna and he did awesome!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.507488
Retrieved Text: There's no doubt about it: the easier it becomes to travel, the harder it is to be a traveler.
The pool at The Inn at Furnace Creek is an oasis in the vast desert of Death Valley National Park California. The pool is warmed by a natural hot springs and in the evening large fireplaces warm hotel guests.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.46501
Retrieved Text: Finding treasures in the desert; It's become very popular lately, and there are many secrets to finding good treasures.
There is now a skill available that will help you increase your chances of finding a Hidden Treasure. It is trained at the Travelling Merchant in the Desert, and it is believed that the higher you train it, the higher your chances will be for finding treasure. However, if you train it high, then it will not add much chances then it would in the beginning. I'd say Level 250 is fine if you can afford it. For starters, Level 50 or 100 would be better.
To start off, if you have a compass, discard it. You can discard it in your Inventory, which is just North from the Fountain in Town. You can always get a new Compass from the center of the Maze if you want to enter the Pyramid later on.
Why discard the compass, you ask? Well, it's not that difficult to explain, so let me try. You can only find a Hidden Treasure in the Desert when you are standing on a spot with all the walking directions being the same. So let's say you are walking around then you suddenly end up on a spot with 3x Northeast. You will notice a Hidden Treasure. Click on it, and you can get any of the treasure that is listed in the table above, under the 3-Way treasure row. If you have a Compass however, the directions will never be all the same, since the Compass

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.431803
Retrieved Text: The sermons of Joni Tevis’ youth filled her with dread, a sense “that an even worse story—one you hadn’t read yet—could likewise come true.” In this revelatory collection, she reckons with her childhood fears by exploring the uniquely American fascination with apocalypse. From a haunted widow’s wildly expanding mansion, to atomic test sites in the Nevada desert, her settings are often places of destruction and loss.
And yet Tevis transforms these eerie destinations into sites of creation as well, uncovering powerful points of connection. Whether she’s relating her experience of motherhood or describing the timbre of Freddy Mercury’s voice in “Somebody to Love,” she relies on the same reverence for detail, the same sense of awe. And by anchoring her attention to the raw materials of our world—nails and beams, dirt and stone, bones and blood—she discovers grandeur in the seemingly mundane.
strapless ball gown the color of winter wheat. She’ll stand there the whole time, swaying gently, looking over your shoulder at America and wearing a little smile that says there is nothing better than this, to be here in this place, young, feeling this song in your body, warm inside the theater while outside the wind blows, louder and louder, sneaking its way in through any crack it can find and shrieking now in your ear, higher and colder and harder and harder until finally it stops. Amen!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.359238
Retrieved Text: PlayerUnknown’s Battleground currently has a new desert map that is available on the test servers. The map is called Miramar and is a lot different to the Erangal map which is currently PUBG’s only map. PlayerUnknown’s Battleground came out this year and is only of the most played games on steam.
It is set to come out on Xbox One and hopefully PlayStation 4 next year. Fans of the series may also be excited to hear that PUBG is coming out of Early Access on December 20, 2017. It will be upgraded to 1.0 and will introduce climbing and vaulting. This will help players get over walls and balconies easier as currently you can only jump and hope that your character makes the wall.
The new desert map is available for testing until December 11, 2017, and Xbox One users will be able to play it next year. The map is a lot harder for players and Bluehole, the developers of the game state that fans need to ‘rethink strategies’. This may be due to the terrain as the map has fewer bushes, grass, and trees. This makes it harder to cover from gunfire and other players. On the bright side of struggling to cover from gunfire when outside, there are much more buildings making it more likely that you have to hide on rooftops rather than the wilderness.
Along with the new map, players also can try out some guns as well when playing the map. One of the exciting guns that a lot of people are loving

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.357967
Retrieved Text: Look sharp in your X Bat t-shirts-sleeveless, short sleeve and long sleeve in White, Black, Navy, Grey and Red. We also offer camo shirts in arctic, desert and jungle camo colors. As long time sponsors of the US Military All Star team and the National Teams of Spain and Great Britain, X Bats is proud to feature practice shirts for each team. In addition, there is a warm ¼ zip fleece hitting jacket with two front pouch pockets for those early morning sessions.
X Bats is a proud sponsor of the Spanish National Team.
Sleeveless hitting T-shirt with X Bats stylized "Old School" logo on the front, and "Longer, Stronger, Harder" on the back.
Short sleeve T-shirt with X BATS logo on the front, and "Longer, Stronger, Harder" on the back. Available in Black, Navy, White, Red and Gray.
Long sleeve with X BATS logo on the front, and "Longer, Stronger, Harder" on the back. Available in Black, Navy, White, Red and Gray.
X Bats is proud to sponsor the US Military All-Stars. In support of our young men who serve our country, we are offering X Bat tees in Jungle camo, Desert camo and Arctic camo. All proceeds are used to support baseball in the armed forces.
X Bats is proud to sponsor the US Military All-Stars.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.228651
Retrieved Text: New research has found these shy animals thriving in peri-urban areas (the interface between cities and more rural areas) on the outskirts of Melbourne.
Here’s what you need to know about our waddling feathered friends.
Given up for extinct, the bridled nailtail wallaby was rediscovered after it was recognised from an article in Woman’s Day magazine.
In the upcoming issue of Australian Geographic photographers Ross McGibbon and Tim Squires search for one of the world’s most dangerous snakes: the western desert taipan. But they managed to photographic some of our favourite desert reptiles along the way.
In an ant’s world, the smaller you are the harder it is to see obstacles.
The Mallee region of Australia that covers parts of NSW, Victoria and South Australia is a hard place for birds to live. In May 2014, a number of wildfires wiped out large tracts of habitat for nationally threatened Mallee bird species, resulting in the loss of key populations of the already endangered Mallee Emu-wren and the Black-eared Miner. The Western Whipbird, Red-lored Whistler, Regent Parrot and Mallee Fowl have all since been deemed ‘highly threatened’. Now, the Foundation for National Parks & Wildlife are raising money for a Conservation Action Plan that will help preserve these beautiful birds, particularly in the five National Parks found in the Mallee. You can donate HERE.
Don’t let the cockroach that feeds on your forgotten leftovers stop you from appreciating these native beauties.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.17473
Retrieved Text: Interestingly, my running has provided me with another tool to raise awareness about mental health and question perceptions even in everyday conversations. In addition to enhancing my own health, increasing my brain cells (neurogenesis – yes, research shows that running can do that!) and beating stress, I can also make a difference to our world, one person at a time.
I am a clinical psychologist and an ultra runner. My experience with running complements and fuels the main passion in my life – Mental Health. I distil the psychological components of this experience more than anything else. Understanding what motivates me to start, endure and complete the race is important to me. Ultimately, this understanding will help me to not only run better but also be more effective as a behavioural scientist.
On the 3rd of March 2012, as I took a few uncertain, wobbly steps at the camp on the Atacama Desert, self-doubt threatened me. What on earth had I gotten myself into this time? I was in the middle of the world’s driest desert, about to undertake the toughest challenge in my life so far. In my own quirky style, I had pushed beyond the unexcitingly common marathon and had signed up for one of the world’s toughest endurance events, a 250km footrace across Chile’s Atacama Desert organized by Racing The Planet, notorious for taking running to some of the most inhospitable places on earth.
From those first tentative steps to crossing the finish line a week later, things got progressively harder as I faced the punishing

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.118904
Retrieved Text: Redundancy is a great tradition in English (“Sahara Desert” and “Bantu people,” for instance). You could make it into a brand. Artur is v. cute!
So much harder than I thought it was going to be. It really is hard to give structure to the days. On the other hand, I don’t miss work at all!
Good luck with the revival of your store. It is quite a big jump! I’m hoping to set myself up online with a shop in the new year, so I can appreciate all your efforts and concerns.
Yes, it takes more time than you might think to get all the information up. But it does mean that no-one is putting a 100% commission on which would make them utterly unaffordable. Good look with your shop – let me know where it is.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.03879
Retrieved Text: This section of the course included 100 miles inside Big Bend and then 40 miles north to Marathon. First, Andy went on the Ross Maxwell Scenic Drive. The scenic drive lays on the western side of the Chisos Mountains. It climbed up to the Sotol Vista and then twisted down to the Castolon Historic area, which is known for its landscape. Millions of years of volcanic activity has left the area with towers of volcanic tuffs (ash deposits), lava flows, layers of gravel and clay, and dark basaltic boulders.
At mile 94.5 accumulated miles (about mile 12 of the TS miles) Andy had his first shoe change , but was feeling pretty good. At mile 120 of his accumulated miles (about mile 40 of the TS miles) the crew reported the had done some tough big climbs to the first turn around point but he was still in a good mood (0-1 on the Charlie Brown scale). He knows the next section will be much harder though, it was the climb he was mentally preparing for before the race even started -- Out and back on the Chisos Basis Road (miles 65 - 78 of the TS miles).
The Chisos Basin Road is a 6-mile stretch in the arid desert and the cooler mountain. The road was winding and rose over 2,000 feet above the desert. The difficult climb up included sharp turns and steep grades (at points as much as 15%).
We then left Big Bend and headed to Marathon. We had our first crew exchange outside the

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.028694
Retrieved Text: NEW YORK, USA — I arrived home to New York today, exhausted from the three flights and long layovers, but still feeling the magic of the tenere. And the Saharan sand is still in my boots, and probably everywhere else too — a small pile of desert fell out of the bottom of my duffle bag when I finished unpacking. It will take me a while to process everything from the trip, edit through the photos, organize the GPS tracks and map the routes, and put all my notes into a coherent report. That is all the longer, harder part of the project after the rush of the actual journey.
I really learned so much more than I could have imagined during this trip. I went to Djanet looking for very specific details about locations, conditions and logistics in the southeast of Algeria, but came away with new knowledge about driving, navigating and desert “bush-craft” thanks to my Tuareg friends. Mohammed was a very patient teacher, and I really appreciate his interest in furthering my desert “education” while we were out there. I will miss our shared nights under the stars, with Tagazou and Saghd improvising song lyrics while kicking out assouf beats on their guitars.
JoMarie Fecci, of USnomads, sets off on an independent scouting trip in south-eastern Algeria in preparation for an up-coming Sahara expedition. Driving a Toyota Landcruiser and working with a small team of local Tuaregs, she will traverse roughly 650 miles of desert primarily off-road. From a base in the town of Djanet

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.027119
Retrieved Text: Obelix has accidentally hit Panoramix, the Druid, over the head with a menhir. As a result, poor Panoramix has completely forgotten the formula for the magic potion. A soothsayer takes the opportunity to bewitch the Gauls, who desert their village in terror. However Asterix, Obelix and the Druid refuse to budge, they finally do find the formula but only after experimenting on a joyless Roman, who is submitted to the goofy effects of their trials and errors.
Mandoline, an employee in advertizing agency, is seduced by a colleague and steals a secret file for him. The only problem is that the lovely girl has no idea how she is going to put the documents back into her boss's safe. Michel agrees to help her, but Mandoline makes careless blunder which makes things much harder.

================



======= Instance Index 38 =========
Input Text: Why can an Owl retain it's body temperature during the winter?

Which is the correct answer?
- It's neither
- It's both
- It's cold blooded
- It's warm blooded

Target Text: It's warm blooded

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 32.015778
Retrieved Text: Fashion isn't the only thing that transitions with the seasons. Just as the seasons change so should your skin care regimen. Different reasons for different seasons.
During the summer months your skin is exposed to the sun, harsh chemicals from sun screen and extra oil secretion. During the winter it is time to detox your skin! Our skin’s moisture levels can plummet and a dry, dull skin tone can set in. This is the time to balance the oil and protect your skin from the cold winter elements.
Here at Urban Hydration we created the perfect regimen for your skincare needs.
NEW skincare products are perfect for pairing!
Using these products together will create the ultimate aroma therapy spa experience and provide the extra moisture you will need during this dry, cold season.
Help your skin retain moisture with our entire line of body creams!
Using these products during the winter months will provide extra hydration to help your skin cope with changing temperature and drying winds.
The base of our entire body cream collection is coconut oil, which hydrates and promotes moisture retention. Each body cream has vitamins A and E, which promotes cellular regeneration.
Our Body Butters are made with Essential oils that focus on specific skin issues such as eczema, extreme dryness, wrinkles, and blemishes.
As we age our skins ability to retain moisture decreases, that's why using a daily moisturizer is important. It is time to develop a seasonal skincare regimen, your skin will thank you.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 30.287548
Retrieved Text: Everyone understands the importance of drinking lots of fluids during the warmer months, but did you know it's just as important to stay hydrated in the winter? Here's why.
We all know that staying well hydrated in the blistering heat of summer is crucial to leading a healthy lifestyle, particularly if you are exercising on a regular basis. But did you know that it is just as easy to become dehydrated during the winter months? Failing to stay hydrated can actually be hazardous to your health, potentially leading to much more serious consequences. Here are four reasons why staying hydrated is just as important in the winter as it is in the summer.
Even though temperatures are much colder, the winter also brings much drier air, which can unexpectedly lead to dehydration. This in turn can cause your body to feel sluggish and run-down, with muscle fatigue sometimes being a side effect. This can also cause you to become more susceptible to certain illnesses, such as the common cold or the flu. When you drink plenty of water, you actually give your body the fluids it needs to fight off these issues.
Unlike in the summer, when the hot weather can make us sweat profusely, dehydration is much less noticeable in the winter. Perspiration tends to turn to water vapor very quickly, and extra layers of clothing–combined with the drier air–can cause our bodies to dehydrate without us even realizing that it’s happening. Sometimes we don’t even necessarily feel thirsty. That’s why you should be drinking fluids throughout the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 29.290443
Retrieved Text: Fear not, during these short days and long nights of December, we’re still finding plenty of life in the fading light. Once we pass the winter solstice, which strikes at 11:27 am on December 21st, more light will begin to creep back into our lives. Until then, here’s some wintry natural history to keep you going.
Like ghosts from the Arctic, Snowy Owls have descended from the far north this winter. They’re showing up in fields, along highways and even in a few backyards. These migrations southward from the arctic tundra are a birdwatcher’s dream. And like dreams themselves, they are neither predictable nor fully understood. Read more about these irruptions on the VCE Blog and check out The Snowy Owl Scoop by Bryan Pfeiffer to stay up to date on the Snowy Owl storm.
With all the early snow in the U.S. this winter, birds have been making impressions – literally. We’re seeing various wing prints in the snow. It makes us wonder about the reliability of identifying prints made here in Vermont – most likely by Barred Owl, Great Horned Owl, Ruffed Grouse or Wild Turkey. Can we get them right? Kent McFarland and Bryan Pfeiffer report on the VCE blog.
Weighing less than a nickel and not much larger than your thumb, Golden-crowned Kinglets are the smallest birds to winter in the New England woods. How does a bird this small stay alive during the long and cold winter night? Larger animals have a lower surface-to-volume ratio than smaller animals. As a result, they radiate less

########
Rank: 3
Score: 28.596739
Retrieved Text: Winter can be a challenging time for both horses and owners, with colder temperatures meaning our four-legged friends require additional time, thought and attention. From riding to the stable, all areas of horse care need to be more carefully considered.
In addition to providing shelter, here are some essential tips to consider.
Horses have evolved to retain heat, resulting in a fatty layer of tissue under the skin and the production of natural oils that sit on their coats. As such, interrupting your horse’s coat and skin could remove these oils, which in turn, could reduce temperature. Therefore, to preserve this natural barrier, it is a good idea to avoid brushing and bathing during the winter.
While good at maintaining their body temperature, horses can become particularly susceptible to cold when wet. This is because their hair provides additional insulation by sitting at an angle that allows them to trap air, a mechanism that is interrupted when wet, resulting in rapid heat loss. To avoid this, invest in a quality winter rug or jacket.
During cold weather, grass and natural pastures can suffer, reducing the nutrition your horse can gain from grazing. Getting enough nutrients is crucial to keep your horse healthy throughout the winter, as the cooler months can increase energy usage. Make sure to accommodate for this by adding more hay to their feed. This will provide additional calories and nutrition, ensuring they are able to maintain their body temperature and weight.
When grazing in the summer, pastures contain a large amount of water and help to keep your

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.331425
Retrieved Text: In an aging population such as ours, Dr Sarah White, Great Western Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust's consultant geriatrician and clinical lead for dementia has some great advice on how best to stay warm during winter and look after older people who are more vulnerable to the cold.
Every year, we see a large number of elderly patients being admitted to hospital due to hypothermia, flu and other respiratory illnesses during the winter months. In fact, five to ten per cent of our admissions over the age of 65 are due to hypothermia.
Under healthy conditions, our bodies maintain a relatively stable temperature of around 37°C.
Hypothermia happens when we lose heat faster than we can produce it, causing a dangerous drop in the body temperature, below 35°C.
To prevent hypothermia, we must first recognise the symptoms - shivering, slurred speech, fast breathing, fatigue, confusion and the appearance of cold and pale skin are all early and visible signs of hypothermia.
If you see an older person suffering from these symptoms but you're unsure if it is hypothermia, just ask if you can do something for them - It's a simple but effective question, and you can then decide how best to help them.
Mild hypothermia can be treated by putting on a warm blanket or having hot drinks and high energy, sugary food.
However, once someone's body temperature drops to 32°C or lower, they'll usually stop shivering completely and may pass out.
Should you witness such an event, don't hesitate to call 999 for emergency medical help because hypothermia can be serious and potentially

########
Rank: 5
Score: 26.800867
Retrieved Text: Your dog may love to frolic in the snow, but make sure to limit his exposure to dangerously cold temperatures.
Burrr. If it's too cold for you outside, it's probably too cold for your pets. Dogs and cats usually fair better than their masters outdoors, but freezing weather can still lead to frostbite and hypothermia in minutes. Even outdoor pets should spend the night indoors when it's dangerously cold.
Drop the thermometer and take a deep breath. It's OK -- your dog or cat's temperature is normally between 100 and 102 degrees Fahrenheit, but minor fluctuations are normal. Dogs lean toward the upper end of the spectrum, cats roost at the bottom end.
It's harder for pets to maintain their temperatures in the cold, but, like many members of their mammalian coterie, dogs and cats have fur to retain heat. They grow thicker coats in response to diminished daylight (and, by extension, the cold it portents).
If your pet's temperature waivers significantly from the average -- say, by 5 degrees or more -- he needs medical care. Call a veterinarian hotline or visit an animal ER immediately.
There is no set "dangerously cold" temperature for pets. It's an issue of relative tolerance.
Some dog breeds, like huskies and malamutes, do fairly well in wintery weather. Indoor pets don't get natural cues to grow winter coats, so it's harder for them to stay warm outside or when you turn down the heat inside. Shorthair varieties have a harder time, too, as do young and elderly pets.
When the mercury drops below freezing, most dogs

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.665071
Retrieved Text: When it comes to the ambiance, decor and interior design of your home, much is based upon personal preference. The same can be said about the temperature of your rooms, the quality of your air and the comfort of your home. It would be quite difficult to land on one exact recommendation for average home temperature during the winter months, as peoples' body temperatures and heating preferences may be quite different. Furthermore, given the varying weather conditions and climates across the nation, there is no one-size fits all approach to finding the right temperature for your home.
However, there are recommendations for office buildings as well as home heating and cooling when it comes to saving money.
Heating and cooling office buildings filled with hundreds of people with different temperature preferences is a prime example of why it's so difficult to find a setting that's comfortable for all people. You could ask several different people from the same company about the comfort of their office and some would tell you that they're are constantly cold during the work day, some will tell you that they are always way too warm, and still others would say that they are perfectly content. The U.S. Department of Labor advised that office temperatures be kept somewhere in the middle of 68 and 76 degrees, with humidity range between 20 and 60 percent.
Finding the ideal indoor temperature during the winter isn't always easy.
There are a number of home heating options including a furnace, a boiler, a heat pump, electric heating and active solar

########
Rank: 7
Score: 26.661205
Retrieved Text: Why do Angora goats seem to die more from cold during summer than winter?
Angora goats are known to be vulnerable to cold stress, especially for the first 6 weeks after shearing and so losses through hypothermia are not uncommon.
Why do these catastrophic Angora goat mortalities occur after shearing if unseasonal cold spells occur in the summer, since those summer cold spells are milder than normal winter cold?
Research was carried out on Arthur Rudman’s farm Blaauwkrantz to determine the thermoregulatory responses to shearing. (2009 Hetem, de Witt,Fick, Fuller, Kerley, Maloney, Meyer and Mitchell).
What happens to the Angora goat’s body temperature after shearing?
The trials showed that after shearing the abdominal and subcutaneous (skin) temperatures of the goats decreased.
During the Day: After shearing the blood vessels in the skin of the goats remained vasodilated (dissipating heat) during the day, as indicated by small differences between core (abdominal) and subcutaneous (skin) temperatures.
During the night Night: The difference between abdominal and subcutaneous temperature of the gloat doubled at night after shearing in September (winter) and nearly trebled in March (summer).
It was strange that the changes in temperature with shearing was greater in summer than in winter, despite ambient temperatures being significantly lower in September than in March.
How do the goats try maintain their body temperatures after shearing?
Vasoconstriction leads to a reduction in heat delivery to the skin, so reduce heat loss from the body.
The goats look for shelter - selection of warm microclimates.
In summer, the goats lose some capacity for thermoregulation in the cold, because they had been chronically heat-stressed before

########
Rank: 8
Score: 26.626053
Retrieved Text: Hibernation is one of the more effective strategies temperate animals have developed to survive winter's cold temperatures and lack of food resources. Many birds, bats and even insects opt instead for seasonal migration, exploiting distant habitats during different seasons. A few, like the Monarch Butterfly (Danaus plexippus) and the Poorwill (Phalaenoptilus nuttallii) use a combination of the two. Poorwills, relatives of Nightjars, breed in arid parts of western North America from southern Canada into northern Mexico; northern individuals seem to winter in the desert southwest. A number of bird species use daily torpor to minimize energy loss during cool nights or brief bad weather. Members of three related orders, the goatsuckers, hummingbirds and possibly the swifts, all show some abilities at metabolic adjustment, but none to the degree of the little Poorwill, which, in addition to its natural tendencies toward torpor, feeds heavily on beetles, rich in polyunsaturated fats, which remain liquid and metabolically available at low temperatures. In the laboratory, Poorwills have been observed sustaining periods of torpor for over 80 days, and in the wild as long as 25 days.
A shallow shelter, open to the southern sun is selected: a patch of cactus or rock niche to which the bird develops substantial fidelity. After sundown, the torpid Poorwill's body temperature begins to fall, until the ambient temperature reaches 5.5°C, an apparent optimum hibernating level which the bird tries to maintain. Solar radiation raises the body temperature daily, presumably allowing the option to forage during warm nights. I know of no human witnesses to a

########
Rank: 9
Score: 26.578594
Retrieved Text: This winter weather phenomenon can be both beautiful and dangerous.
February 25, 2015, 1:02 p.m.
During winter months, it's not uncommon to see freezing-fog warnings on your local forecast, but what exactly does the term mean?
Fog typically forms when there's cool air over a warm, moist surface such as a body of water or damp soil.
However, freezing fog occurs when the air temperature is below freezing and the water droplets in the fog become supercooled.
Supercooled water droplets stay in liquid form until they come into contact with a surface they can freeze on. Therefore, any object that freezing fog comes into contact with will become coated in ice, often creating stunning landscapes.
Freezing fog can occur anywhere the air temperature drops below freezing, but it's most common in mountain areas and is most likely to form at night when heat escapes from the atmosphere.
In the Western U.S., freezing fog often occurs in mountain valleys and may be referred to as pogonip, a Shoshone word that means "cloud."
When freezing fog occurs, it can cause ice buildup on roads, creating dangerous driving conditions, especially on bridges, which will freeze first because they have no ground insulation.
Because freezing fog will freeze on any surface, it often builds up on power lines and can cause power outages.
Freezing fog differs from ice fog, which is composed of tiny crystals instead of water droplets. Specific conditions are necessary for ice fog to form — humidity has to be near 100 percent as the air temperature drops well below freezing.
Typically, the temperature must be 14 degrees

########
Rank: 10
Score: 26.5484
Retrieved Text: Viavce is an inventory of all modern pieces of jewelry. They are more apt with respect to the workingwomen who will be fashion conscious and adore to decorate themselves in the most recent collections. The modern Italian designers have curved most of the necklace of the company. They have employed ceramics and nickel-plated restaurants to decorate them. The grayscale white oval bracelets can be attractive and can be worn in parties and also with eveningwear. They gel brilliantly with skirts as well. Simple designs of bracelets are also available for sleek-jewelry lovers. Black ceramic charm bracelets are unique. The Italian designer has contoured the acrylics, ceramic, and beads to give this splendid presentation. This can go with trousers as well as with skirts. You can wear them while going on mountaineering for that awesome look. Geometric shapes in jewelry really are a common choice now following which a number of designers contain structured this blue hard geometric bracelet that is some unattractive and meant for all. They are going to go with any casuals. Braised ceramic bracelet is simple and appears brilliant with the small oval shaped bid at the center for the round bangle-like-bracelet. Each of the bracelets that are presented doesn't have very much seasonal importance and can look good in all seasons. But certainly those that are party wear may not look good during day time with formals. The charms at Vivace are brilliant and vibrant to say the least. The dexterity and the passion which the designs are made happen to be

########
Rank: 11
Score: 26.518633
Retrieved Text: The colder winter temperatures pose a risk for your dog to develop hypothermia or frostbite, which are two pretty serious conditions. Make sure to continually feel for your dog's body temperature on walks, including checking his or her ears, feet and legs. A dog jacket will help keep them warm by keeping their core body temperature up and is especially necessary if your dog doesn't have thick fur.
Your dog's paws need protection during the cold months for several reasons. For starters, salt and other ice melters can irritate or burn paws or make dogs sick if they lick their paws. Snow and ice can clump up and stick to the fur of your dog's paw pads and toes as well. And too much contact with snow and ice can increase the risk of hypothermia and frostbite.
Winter is dark and that can be dangerous for you and your dog, especially when it's snowing. To keep you both safe, wear reflective gear to make sure that drivers can see you. There are several options for your pup, including reflective dog clothing like vests and jackets as well as leashes and collars. Reflective gear, however, only works when light shines directly on it so bringing flashlights and even attaching one to your dog, will provide extra visibility.
The winter darkness can also cause issues if your dog somehow gets away from you. Make sure all of your dog's identification and contact information is the most up-to-date. Having your dog microchipped is a great way to ensure he or she can

########
Rank: 12
Score: 26.477657
Retrieved Text: I don't have a Screech Owl in my owl box anymore, but this is one of the times of year that squirrels like to move in for the winter.
Since I get a few page views daily from folks around the country who have a squirrel problem, and I have one myself these days, I thought I'd post something.
Squirrels not only prevent owls from using the box, but I have noticed they also damage the box itself with claw marks.
That's why it's important to stay vigilant about keeping squirrels from building a nest inside the box during the colder months.
If you see a squirrel enter your owl box, take a broom and whack the side of the box to get it out of there.
If you see it bringing in leaves, remove the leaves. Repeat until the squirrel becomes discouraged.
Earlier posts about evicting screech owls are here and here.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 26.162006
Retrieved Text: For many, nothing beats the rush of running in the cold. But even the most avid runners think twice when the roads get icy and the temperature feels like icicles down your spine. What can you do to maintain running fitness during those brutal winter months?
If you’re training for a winter race, cutting out your long runs isn’t an option. Instead, do a little planning to optimize your running schedule. Try to plan long runs on days that aren’t icy or bitterly cold. Do short runs indoors when the weather is bad. If you’re stuck doing a long run on the treadmill, it’s not the end of the world. Listen to music with a great beat, watch an action-packed TV show, or break up your miles with a cross-training.
If race season is over for the year, enjoy it! All you need is a few miles a week to maintain winter running fitness. If you’re a moderate runner, all you need is 3 miles 3-4 times per week to maintain minimum recommended fitness. If you’re a marathoner, try cutting your weekly training plan by 40% to avoid burnout (and the bitter cold). Studies show that the body can retain aerobic conditioning for months, even if a runner reduces the distance of each run. The key is to maintain your running speed and number of workouts per week to avoid losing that hard-won training.
Don’t become a couch potato during the holidays. Better Bodies helps you maintain your winter fitness without freezing your buns off. For more information about

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.979956
Retrieved Text: Choosing the right gear is one of the most important things you can do to stay warm in cooler temperatures. Most body heat is lost through the head and feet so making sure to cover these parts with the right gear is crucial. Our winter cycling caps are made with merino wool which contain natural fibers that are great for retaining heat and regulating body temperature to keep you warm. Make sure to pull down the earflaps to cover your ears and you'll also want to cover other extremities like your hands and fingers. A quality cap and a well insulated pair of gloves will go a long way in keeping you comfortable out in the cold.
It sounds crazy but yes, tin foil in your shoes. Since most body heat is lost through the head and feet so you've got to keep those feet and toes warm too. Along with a good pair of merino socks, winter booties or winter cycling shoes, we recommend cutting tin foil to the shape of your shoe and placing it on top of your insoles. Tin foil doesn't retain heat but it does a great job of keeping heat in and the cold out. For extra warmth try wrapping your whole foot in tin foil.
Dressing for changing temperatures can be tricky. Layering allows you to shed or add clothing as needed depending on weather and body temperature change. A vest or packable jacket along with our merino arm and knee warmers are great items to have. They can easily be

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.92691
Retrieved Text: Seniors who live in climates that receive snow and ice during the winter are at an increased likelihood of falling. Those who live at home and do their own shoveling or yard work are especially likely to fall. However, even individuals who reside with caregivers and walk with supervision may be at risk. Make sure that areas around your home are shoveled and salted to prevent falls, and don't hesitate to ask for assistance with these tasks. If you'd like someone to walk with you to the car to provide an arm to lean on, that's OK. Consider using a walker to help you stay balanced while walking outdoors in the winter.
Falling risks also go up indoors during the winter because melted snow on the floor can prove slippery. A senior who has been outside and become very cold may have reduced mobility and balance and can fall while moving indoors. Always check on seniors when the temperature dips or snow and ice are present. Just giving them a call can provide insight into how the person is doing and assistance in an emergency.
Seniors should dress in layers and wear winter accessories to reduce the chances of getting hypothermia.
Hypothermia occurs when the body becomes so cold it starts to shut down. The National Institutes of Health noted that hypothermia is a less obvious danger for vulnerable adults that requires immediate treatment. Individuals who are older are at an increased risk of hypothermia because their bodies cannot withstand the cold as long as younger people. It's also

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.758547
Retrieved Text: Annual plants die in the fall after they scatter their seeds directly on the ground or include them in fruit that is consumed by animals and deposited elsewhere. Their seeds contain hormones that cause them to germinate in the warm spring weather that follows winter cold. Perennial plants, deciduous woody shrubs and some trees go dormant in the winter and begin growing again in the spring. Evergreen trees and woody shrubs conduct photosynthesis at a reduced rate.
Trees store reserves of nutrients during the spring and summer growing season. When the days begin to shorten, the temperature falls and the light spectrum changes from blue to red, hormones tell the plants to bear fruit and begin dropping their leaves in preparation for going dormant during the winter. As the green chlorophyll needed for photosynthesis disappears, the leaves turn orange, red and yellow.
Evergreen trees conduct photosynthesis at a reduced rate during the winter, especially during periods of thaw.
Freezing temperatures and frozen water make water a scarce resource for plants in the winter. Sap in tree trunks and branches contain water that is sometimes frozen but is made available by thaws. Snow can insulate the ground keeping it from freezing so that plants can draw water from the soil; conifer needles below the surface of snow can absorb water from the snow.
Plants that are dormant, not conducting photosynthesis or losing water from their leaves need less water. Leaves lose water through their pores, called stomata, a process called transpiration; to avoid loss of water in the winter, deciduous trees

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.486279
Retrieved Text: The official beginning of winter is nearly upon us, but cold weather has already been creeping in, so if your November to do list didn't end up having enough room for preparing your home for wintry conditions, don't worry! It's not too late to winterize your home, even this late in the fall. Since the number 8 makes a snowman, we thought we’d share 8 great ways to invest just a little bit of time and money to give you peace of mind during the long, cold winter ahead.
Programmable thermostats can cost as little as $25, but they'll pay for themselves many times over. Why pay to heat your home when you're away at work? Just program the thermostat to lower the temperature when you're gone. You'll save money and waste less energy every day.
Your house temperature when you're home also affects your heating bill, so if you can work your way down even a few degrees, the lower your sticker shock will be when the bill comes at the end of the month. Try setting the thermostat just one degree cooler and letting your body get used to the new normal temperature for a week or so, then drop it another degree. If you're accustomed to 72 degrees or more, then 68 degrees might sound arctic. But it's really not once you get used to it! If guests are coming over and you're worried about them being uncomfortable, you can always bump the thermostat back up while you have company.
Furnace maintenance is a must if

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.41733
Retrieved Text: We probably all have an idea of whether we’re a night person or a morning person. But when it comes to figuring out when you’re actually most alert, things can get a bit more complicated.
So just how do you determine when you’re most alert?
The MEQ test, or Morningness Eveningness questionnaire, allows you to measure when your circadian rhythm gives you peak alertness, in the morning, at night, or somewhere in between. Usually, peak alertness corresponds with peak body temperature. Thus, if you’re more alert in the evening, that is when your body temperature is highest, and vice versa. This is a fairly easy self assessment with only 19 questions to determine when you are the most alert. There are also shorter versions available with about 5 questions that are more broad.
Why bother to take an MEQ assessment?
It’s important to know when you are most alert so you can plan your day around it. You can schedule activities that require more mental and physical power during the hours when you’re most alert. If you’re more awake in the evening, then that is the best time to get work done. You can determine your circadian rhythm type. It’s also important to know because if you can’t shift your schedule to match your circadian rhythm, you can know you need to use light therapy to shift your body’s natural circadian rhythm.
Does it remain the same?
Keep in mind that your MEQ score changes overtime. You may very well go from a morning lark to an evening owl. As we age,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.31361
Retrieved Text: There are things in life which are beyond our control. Shopping for shoes The weather is one of them. I live in a city Down Under where I wake up to frosty mornings at below freezing point during the cold seasons. There's no ridiculous pile of snow blocking the front entrance, fortunately but it's still a far cry from the year-round equatorial heat I have been accustomed to in my birth country.
Rather than ranting about the harsh cold, I might as well see the glass as half full and make the most of this considerable yet refreshing change.
The rustic smell of burnt firewood which permeates the air, the binging on carb-filled food to justify the need for warmth (the reason why my husband bought me a treadmill) and the long coats that magically transform one from 'nay' to 'yay' in the style department are just some of the reasons to love winter in all its freezing glory.
Boots are my serious winter obsessions. I have 6 pairs of tall boots and 4 pairs of ankle boots altogether. My latest addition is a(nother) pair of black tall boots, which was a Mother's Day gift of my choice from my husband. It could be Julia Roberts in Pretty Woman or the mere fact that tall boots are just darn stylish. Either way, I cannot convince you why I need 10 pairs of boots for my... two legs.
Glory be to God, The Disposer of Affairs, the upcoming Ramadan will be my 5th winter Ramadan after decades of tropical Ramadan which

########
Rank: 20
Score: 25.218895
Retrieved Text: Barn owls are a big favourite with British people; they are one of the prettiest birds in the owl family with their charming heart shaped faces and soft white plumage.
They are also found right across the UK and so spotting them is not always as difficult as trying to see other owl species, although numbers have declined in recent decades.
Some of this is due to pesticides and reduced natural foods, especially voles, due to changing land use. But severe winter weather can also mark a big problem for barn owls. Barn owls actually evolved in warmer and drier climates before they spread to the UK, and their pretty feathers do not offer the best insulation. During winter months they need extra food to make up for their increased loss of body heat.
The trouble is their natural food is usually harder to find in specially cold snaps. Barn owls love voles, mice and small mammals in general, and in winter the activity of these little animals declines, making them much harder to find and catch. With reduced growth on the ground, small mammals make much less noise when they are out and about in winter, also making them harder to find by hungry barn owls.
In the past, owls could often find mice and rats inside farm buildings during really bad weather, but these opportunities are fast declining. In really bad weather, voles and other little creatures often stay underneath the snow. When things are really hard, barn owls can turn to other sources of food such as

########
Rank: 21
Score: 25.21247
Retrieved Text: Fall is here, and that means a few things: colder weather, pumpkin and apple picking, and leaves changing colors It’s this time of year when trees seem to change overnight and turn your green landscape into a picturesque blend of colors. In order to minimize stress on your trees and help them thrive throughout the colder months, follow these tree care tips.
Utilize Mulch – Composted organic mulch acts a blanket for your trees, helping regulate temperature during the harsh NY winter. Additionally, mulch can help the soil retain water, which becomes even more important during these drier months.
Water – In conjunction with mulch, it’s important to make sure your trees receive enough water during this time. As long as the temperature is above 40 degrees, watering during these months can help promote root growth and minimize damage caused by cold and dry weather.
Wrap – Just like anything else, trees expand and contract in response to changes in weather. Fluctuations in temperature from the sun’s warmth to a blistering cold front can cause bark to rupture and damage to the trunk. Wrap the base of your tree with a hard plastic guard or metal hardware cloth to help regulate temperature and protect your tree. Just remember to remove the wrap before spring, as it could prohibit growth.
Avoid Pruning Until Winter – Too many times people make the mistake of pruning their trees the same time they’re raking and mulching. Pruning stimulates new growth, and pruning during the fall season when trees are trying to go dormant can

########
Rank: 22
Score: 25.090803
Retrieved Text: Sleep is a hot topic right now, with everyone from Arianna Huffington to Nobel Prize winning scientists sharing their stories, findings and insights about the benefits of good quality rest.
This is hardly surprising given that the latest research suggests the quality of your sleep doesn't just leave you feeling more energetic and less likely to reach for that morning coffee, but can have a huge impact on your performance and your mood, as well as your long-term health.
However, just like eating healthily, taking more time to relax and exercising regularly, it's easy to say you want more sleep. But how can you improve the quality of your rest and begin to make those all important changes?
We spoke to Hannu Kinnunen, Chief Scientist at Oura Health, about the science behind your sleep and how to use the Oura ring to unlock the secrets of better slumber once and for all.
"Our sleep patterns and biological rhythms are at the very core of our well-being," Hannu Kinnunen, Chief Scientist at Oura Health told us. The problem is, identifying those rhythms and patterns isn't always easy on your own.
This is where the Oura ring comes in. This simple and stylish wearable doesn't just track sleep. Instead, it keeps tabs on all kinds of physiological data, from your night-time temperature and resting heart rate to the steps you've taken.
"Night is the mirror of the day: basically everything that happens in our bodies while we're awake is reflected in our sleep and recovery," Kinnunen explained. "And similarly, good sleep quality and recovery

########
Rank: 23
Score: 25.087759
Retrieved Text: When the temperature drops outside, it makes a lot of us feel like hibernating indoors and waiting it out till sunny and longer days return. Exercise will usually take a back seat but if you decide to brave the cold and leave the electric heater behind you will soon find training in cold weather can bring plenty of benefits to not just your body but your mind too.
As winter’s grip tightens on all of us, bugs and viruses become common place and do the rounds, only a few escape without being hit hard by the common cold or flu.
Doing exercise will not only help you fight off any symptoms of a cold or flu but reduce the likelihood of you even being affected. Your immune system works harder and is more prepared to fight off foreign invaders and their nasty symptoms.
Cold weather forces your body to work harder during training, and this also applies to your cardiovascular system. As the heart works harder to pump blood around the body during cold weather exercise, this invigorating workout helps to keep your heart health in tip-top shape. With cardiovascular disease being a major health threat in this country, anything that strengthens your heart is a smart move.
The winter blues or professionally known as seasonal affective disorder (SAD) is when you feel down and your mood is off despite all the holiday cheer. This happens due to shorter days and your body/mind not getting enough light and endorphin's.
Exercise can boost your mood at any time of year, but it

########
Rank: 24
Score: 25.078606
Retrieved Text: Alligators do not hibernate during winter, but they do brummate. Brummate is when an alligator slows down its metabolic rate, but doesn't enter a state of hibernation.
Alligators are cold-blooded animals and prefer warm weather and warm water temperatures. In areas where winters are cold, alligators will try to stay submerged in water or find a burrow to rest. These areas provide less temperature changes than being out in the open air and can help the alligator retain warmth.
When alligators brummate they remain very still. Many will lie near the bottom of their burrow, only surfacing to breathe. Some float on top the water or lie on vegetation during the coldest parts of winter.
Browse Relevant Sites & Find Do Alligators Hibernate. All Here!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.047218
Retrieved Text: For the first time, Alaskan black bears were monitored continuously through their long winter hibernation. Scientists monitoring them were surprised by the changes they saw in the bears’ body functions.
A new study that continuously monitored black bears during their long winter rest has changed our understanding of their hibernation. Scientists discovered that even though the bears’ body temperature did not drop significantly, they functioned at only 25 per cent of their active metabolic rate. The bears’ body temperature fluctuated between 30 and 36 degrees Celsius (86 and 97 degrees Fahrenheit) over cycles that ranged from two to seven days. After their long slumber, the bears took two to three weeks to return to an active metabolic state, even though their body temperature had climbed back to normal soon after they awakened from hibernation.
These hibernation characteristics have never been observed in other hibernating animals, where body metabolism typically falls by 50 per cent for every 10 degree Celsius (18 degrees Fahrenheit) drop in body temperature.
A very important clue to understand what is going on with the bear’s metabolism is their body temperatures. We knew that bears decreased their body temperatures to some degree during hibernation, but in Alaska we found that these black bears regulate their core temperature in variable cycles over a period of many days, which is not seen in smaller hibernators and which we are not aware has been seen in mammals at all before.
These tests were carried out on bears that had wandered too close to where people lived. They were caught by

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.026339
Retrieved Text: That the lengthy list of cold-blooded animals is dominated by reptiles and amphibians shouldn't really come as a surprise, considering that nearly all animals in these groups are ectotherms. As you go through some examples provided in this AnimalSake article, you will get a better idea as to which species are considered cold-blooded.
A prominent difference between a warm-blooded animal and a cold-blooded animal is that the former can stay active in winter, the latter can't; not without risking its life at least.
That there are no snakes in Antarctica is a well-known fact. They cannot survive in the freezing conditions of Antarctica, or the Arctic for that matter. Nor can turtles, crocodiles, and other species that are classified as 'cold-blooded animals'. So what is with these species that makes it impossible for them to survive in cold regions? The answer is their inability to control the temperature of their body.
Cold-blooded animals or ectotherms are animals that lack an internal physiological mechanism to regulate their body temperature and thus, rely on the temperature of their surroundings for the same. Most of these species are found in areas where the temperature is more or less stable. As for those species which are found in areas with extreme climate, they have a whole lot of behavioral adaptations to help them survive.
Except for mammals and birds, which are warm-blooded, nearly all species found on the planet are cold-blooded. That will include reptiles, amphibians, arachnids, insects, and certain species of fish as well. That makes it difficult to compile a list of

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.960852
Retrieved Text: As the days get shorter and the holiday decorations fill the aisles at stores, people start to think about preparing for winter horse keeping. The good news is that horses are better adapted to handling cold temperatures over excessively high temperatures. In fact, the temperature at which horses begin to expend extra energy to keep themselves warm is much lower than the temperature that most people begin to layer on coats.
The temperature horses begin to expend extra energy to maintain their optimal internal temperature is called the Lower Critical Temperature (LCT). This value is dependent on body condition, hair coat, wetness and wind chill. A horse in good body condition with a dry winter coat has a LCT of 18°F, while a horse with a wet coat or a thin coat needs to expend energy to maintain internal temperature at 59°F. The horses coat offers considerable insulation and its impact is something to keep in mind when blanketing horses with a full or partial body clip. Wind chill will significantly decrease the Effective Ambient Temperature, or the “feels like” temperature, and should be accounted for when determining the impact of winter weather on horse’s nutrient requirements if they are outside. This is particularly true for those horses that choose not to use the shelter provided!
As temperatures drop, the horse maintains body temperature through behaviors such as huddling together and positioning their body with tail toward the wind as well as through physiological changes. During cold weather hair stands on end to create insulation, blood flow to

########
Rank: 28
Score: 24.922632
Retrieved Text: Dating an Older Man: What's It Like Dating an Older Man?
With cooler weather starting to creep in, energy use in the home can easily spike, resulting in expensive energy bills.
On average, energy use increases up to 20% during the winter months, a financial burden that Aussie homeowners might forget to factor into their monthly or quarterly outgoings.
We spoke with Sanden, Australia’s market leaders in hot water heat pump technology, for some expert tips on how to stay warm during the cooler months, without the added cost.
Windows lose almost ten times more heat than walls, so it’s important to make sure they are up to scratch coming into winter. Check for any gaps around your windows, as these can significantly contribute to heat loss. Ensuring any cracks are completely sealed could see you earn the cost back in two to three bills. You could even consider double glazing your windows which is a great way to keep more heat in the home.
Heating water is one of the biggest energy users in the household. Homeowners can implement small changes to save energy, such as installing water efficient shower heads, utilising the cold water setting on dishwashers and washing machines, and using a timer in the shower. Also, air sourced heat pumps such as the Sanden Eco Plus Hot Water Heat Pump System are extremely energy efficient as they extract heat from the surrounding air and can save homeowners up to 80% on their hot water energy costs.
There are some hacks you can use to make that energy go

########
Rank: 29
Score: 24.917992
Retrieved Text: Jack Frost may be gently nipping at your nose, but your plants may be less enamored with winter. The recent cold snap is a reminder that some plants do not appreciate freezing temperatures. If the leaves on your bougainvillea and citrus look dark, curled or crunchy, you know what I mean.
Every plant has a hardiness rating that tells us the lowest temperature it can survive. So your lemon tree may be hardy to 29 degrees, while your Japanese maple might succumb below minus-20 degrees. Plants that suffer at freezing temperatures are called frost tender. As you might expect, many plants native to tropical areas are frost tender, such as bougainvillea, which appreciates a little TLC if the thermometer drops below 32 degrees. Some plants even derive their common names from strategies meant to evade a plant's sensitivity to icy weather. For instance, boxwood owners who protected their shrubs in winter with — yes, boxes — helped give this ubiquitous garden mainstay its friendly and appropriate name.
Keep watering. Thirsty plants are more susceptible to cold damage. Water your garden several days before frosty weather to create a "heat sink" that retains warmth. This protects roots and warms air near the soil. If no rain is in the forecast, turn on your drip system or sprinkle plants in the evening. Note: this strategy may backfire with some succulents, which have a better chance of survival if the soil around them is dry.
Cover up. It may be late for Halloween, but this time of year it's not unusual to

================



======= Instance Index 39 =========
Input Text: What is the source of energy for physical cycles on Earth?

Which is the correct answer?
- clouds that are heavy with rain
- a thinner ozone layer
- a medium-sized star which our planet orbits
- heat from stars at night

Target Text: a medium-sized star which our planet orbits

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 31.476618
Retrieved Text: In physics, the zero-point energy is the lowest possible energy that a quantum mechanical physical system may possess and is the energy of the ground state of the system. The quantum mechanical system that encapsulates this energy is the zero-point field. All quantum mechanical systems have zero point energy. The term arises commonly in reference to the ground state of the quantum harmonic oscillator and its null oscillations.
In quantum field theory, it is a synonym for the vacuum energy, an amount of energy associated with the vacuum of empty space. In cosmology, the vacuum energy is taken to be the origin of the cosmological constant which is thought by many to produce dark energy. Experimentally, the zero-point energy of the vacuum leads directly to the Casimir effect, and is directly observable in nanoscale devices.
As geophysical cycles converge upon a point in time - "Zero Point" - unique conditions are created on Earth that have been simulated in sacred sites throughout history. Its indicators include Earth's diminishing magnetic field and rising base frequency. An appropriate cultural response to Zero Point conditions would allow graceful access to higher states of consciousness, as recorded by previous cultures who experienced it: a collective initiation.
Their artifacts and writings offer a road map for the present.
At this time, earth is rotating slower and slower each year due to this magnetic field decrease. The earth has a base resonance frequency or Shumann Resonance of 7.8Hz (cycles per second). As the earth's magnetics drop, its frequency rises and has been doing so since the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 30.538427
Retrieved Text: Going through many layers of gossamer like fibers. I see the work fascia. I see the physical with the energetic. There are energy fibers intertwining with the physical fibers. The fascia.
I see a very tall being, so etheric, standing there now. It is a doctor of some kind. It is intertwining your energy fibers with your body.
I sense some discomfort. I am receiving three layers of information now.
Separating now to find a source of commonality. The layers emanate from your Higher Soul Source. The information is three fold.
The Higher Soul Source now.
Integrated it is more energetic than body. There is a refreshing of molecules within the energetic body. I see this clearly and it is a priority. I am feeling a pulling an inwardly pushing. The Energetic body is expanding to fit in the Higher Soul Source.
The physical body is experiencing discomfort from the effort. Suggestion is do physical movement to channel and balance the energetic flow.
Very tall being is adjusting the flow to receive the Higher Soul Source.
Focusing past movement now to define Higher Soul. Infinite and immortal this beautiful Soul has a youthful appearance because the energy rotates and like a galaxy pulling and pushing energy. It is an energy that expands all life processes. It is taking the life of individual lights and expanding all to reach a point of release.
The name of your beautiful energetic Soul sounds breathy and continuous in sound. “Auhau”. The sound is a breath sound in and out “Ahuuu Hauuu”. The motion of the sound generates this expansion

########
Rank: 2
Score: 28.367565
Retrieved Text: Maine Standards. Weather patterns. ME.D. The Physical Setting: Students understand the universal nature of matter, energy, force, and motion and identify how these relationships are exhibited in Earth Systems, in the solar system, and throughout the universe.
D.2. Earth: Students describe the various cycles, physical and biological forces and processes, position in space, energy transformations, and human actions that affect the short- term and long-term changes to the Earth.
D.2.f. Give examples of abrupt changes and slow changes in Earth Systems.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 27.604298
Retrieved Text: Earth & Soul is our 300 acre (112 hectare) property located at Cannon Creek, 12 kilometres west of Stanthorpe on the Granite Belt of Southern Queensland. When you enter our property, just inside the gate you turn right into an open field - this is the World of the 22nd Path – the Tree of Life Spiritual Walk.
The walk consists of 11 connected paths that lead out from the Source and travel to Earth. Then you return to the Source along the same 11 paths. The total length of the Tree of Life Spiritual Walk – outward and inward combined – is approximately 1400 metres (1.4 kilometres). Time-wise, you can walk up and back in around 20 minutes.
Nestled within a tree-lined perimeter the Tree of Life Spiritual Walk seems secluded from the everyday world. Occasionally there is a glimpse of hills and trees outside of this perimeter but mostly you are contained within the world of the 22nd Path.
In laying out the walk I have done very little to interfere with the natural setting. A granite rock and a timber sign have been set at each node and along each path. The paths are not formed. They are mowed so you are not walking in long grass. The ground is reasonably level but there are the natural undulations and unevenness of the ground.
The Tree of Life presents a model of the creation of the universe and the pattern of the rhythm of life. It is drawn from the teachings of the Kabbalah’s Sepher Yetzirah (the Book

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.543331
Retrieved Text: Solar energy is the primary source of energy on Earth. Using it to support modern society presents an opportunity of great value. In fact, it can be used as an alternative source of energy to fossil fuels if properly exploited, thanks to dedicated technologies. Its intermittent production, due to the day-night cycles, necessarily requires the use of batteries for storage and supply.
Vipiemme’s know-how in solar energy is based on its experience in the production of complete solar power systems, which have allowed us to develop storage batteries capable of supporting frequent charge and discharge cycles, along with a resistance to extreme temperature, typical of the sector.
HEART batteries are designed for stationary use and light traction. The technology of cast grids with low antimony content, reducing the need for routine maintenance operations. The separator used consists of fibreglass and polyethylene material to ensure high mechanical performance.
In addition, increased grid thickness and special lead oxide mixture enhance the performance of the batteries in slow and deep discharges. They are therefore suitable for applications such as motor homes, autonomous solar panel systems, on-board services, floor cleaners, small elevators, etc.
In respect of the charge and discharge values ​​(specified at around 75-80% of capacity), the battery assumes a very high degree of reliability – so that the electrical performance in terms of the number of cycles can exceed 400.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.16689
Retrieved Text: WingMakers Forum • View topic - INCOMING - "cosmic energy"
Post subject: INCOMING - "cosmic energy"
James warned us about incoming "cosmic energy" - and he told us that Nature, would be the Queen on the Chessboard in this "game" between Sovereignty and Slavery - where Anu is trying to modify the Plan of First Source, for each of us to experience Independence - unconditionally - but the fact, that Nature is not even altering its "regular" cycles, to nullify the technology that is being used, in greater and greater amounts, to control and genetically modify us, and to encourage "trans-humanism" that will result in this Species loosing their Free Will (of their own free will) speaks to the Understanding of Our Creator - who secured our Destiny, before we were "born"
I am grateful, that I don't have to explain this all to you ... because Ben Davidson has done it for us (you may know him as Suspicious Observer from his daily "Space Weather" reports) revealed in several recent vids, that you will find on his Earth Changes.org website ... which I found more "technical" than I needed, but I found this interview, which cut right to the point, through a series of leading questions, which allowed Ben to back up his finding with facts.
I hope that you will find the time to listen to this important message, which I believes validates the Lyricus teaching, as well as the information that James shared with us, in his Materials, and his books - I look forward to discussing

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.805887
Retrieved Text: The 2012 planet alignment continues to be a hot topic long after December 21, 2012 and with good reason. This section of my site will contain articles to help you understand the 2012 phenomenon (it's real, but depending how long you've been seeking may be different than you think). Most importantly, I'll share what it all means to your life and to your heart.
There's many books worth of information on the 2012 planet alignment and I can't possibly cover everything. So I'm going to bottom-line what I know for you and share research I've found helpful and most credible to me.
Use these articles to get up to speed quickly. Where you feel called to do so, go deeper with your own research. Use your head and your heart. Keep seeking!
As you may know, I'm a plain language consultant who writes on financial topics. This means that I'm used to digging through complexity and re-writing it simply. The 2012 planet alignment topic is one of the most complex I've tackled. It took me two years of studying before I felt comfortable writing about it.
I hope the following is helpful to you, on your own journey.
I had spent a dozen years diving deep into my own healing and learning about karma, energy and consciousness. I had written a fictional book based (thematically) on my own spiritual awakening. I'd also created a website about soulmates exploring the mysteries of relationship.
After all this, I still wasn't clear on why the 2012 planet alignment topic was such a big deal. And

########
Rank: 7
Score: 26.505653
Retrieved Text: Since the early 1990s, scientists have attempted to create a battery that would replace the standard lithium-ion variety. The difficulty in such a project lay in the energy density of the power source. Scientists found that while other materials proved to be more energy-efficient, their cycles were, if anything, pathetic. Hope was sparked several years ago when the first magnesium dioxide-zinc battery was created; although the perplexity of the balance between density and charge cycles remained the same. However, researchers from The City College of New York believe they have created a new generation of batteries that would withstand high amounts of charges and be able to power larger grid storage.
Yadav is referring to an interesting use of a calcium hydroxide layer which was intercalated into a magnesium dioxide-zinc battery. Processes in complexation chemistry blocked poisonous zinc which extended life cycles. This meant that the battery could maintain its high energy density for more than 900 cycles; a number that was way beyond what researchers initially predicted.
This is exciting news for the energy industry. As analysts observe a rapidly depleting supply of fossils, the need for other energy sources has become all the more highlighted. Moreover, these power storage options need to be safe and cheap. Relying on the old, but incredibly toxic lithium-ion battery, for instance, would just be transferring one problem to another. This new generation of magnesium dioxide-zinc battery may be the answer. The scientists say that these zinc-anode versions are inexpensive and could potentially be mass-produced as the main ingredient is an

########
Rank: 8
Score: 26.476896
Retrieved Text: Ancient people knew that the source of all creativity upon this planet doesn’t come from above, but runs beneath our feet; it’s called dragon energy. Women have a deep connection to this wise, creative and powerful energy, due to their resonance with Mother Earth and the cycles of the moon, allowing them to draw this energy into their secret cave of transformation, the womb.
By tapping into this dragon power, we are gifted with clear sight, abundant creativity & wisdom which guarantee a healthy & prosperous future for generations to come.
Unfortunately, over 3500 years ago, humanity - especially women - became disconnected from this energy. It’s time for the dragon to reawaken, for women to make space in their wombs for this powerful energy and for us once again to honor the sacred female mysteries which ensure fertility, creativity & peace on Earth.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 26.411589
Retrieved Text: What is ecology? The scientific study of interactions among organisms and between organisms and their environment, or surroundings.
What does the biosphere contain? Necessary things, such as land, water, and air, or atmosphere.
Why do ecologists ask questions about events and organisms that range in complexity from an individual to the biosphere? To understand the relationships within biosphere.
Ecosystem (Second highest level of organization) A collection of all the organisms that live in a particular place, together with their nonliving, or physical, environment.
Why might an ecologist set up an artificial environment in a laboratory? To imitate and manipulate conditions that organisms would encounter.
Why are many ecological phenomena difficult to study? They occur over long periods of time or on such large spatial scales that they are difficult to study.
Why do ecologists make models? To gain insight into complex phenomena such as the effects of global warming on ecosystems.
What is at the core of every organism's interaction with the environment? The organism's need for energy to power life's processes.
What source of energy to organisms use if they don't use the sun's energy? Energy stored in inorganic chemical compounds.
What are autotrophs? Plants, some algae, and certain bacteria that capture energy from the sunlight or chemicals and use that energy to produce food.
Why are autotrophs also called producers? They make their own food.
What do autotrophs do during photosynthesis? They harness solar energy.
What is chemosynthesis? When organisms use chemical energy to produce carbohydrates.
Where do bacteria that carry out chemosynthesis live? Very remote places on Earth such as volcanic vents on the deep-ocean floor

########
Rank: 10
Score: 26.340836
Retrieved Text: Jacqui: I want to ask a question about God. Are there different levels of God, or Creator, or, are there many. Or are they separate dimensions of God that relate to each level or dimension of awareness?
Andromeda Val makes her presence known.
I have come with great love in my heart and look forward to this meeting. Understand that we know when you have arranged for a meeting and so it is a platform from which we can bring ourselves from the Andromeda galaxy, M31, to be able to join you. And there are many now waiting, so thankyou for setting up this meeting.
You asked about God, and if there are different levels or different frequencies in different worlds, and in a way there is. God the Creator of all is so overpowering and generating such a high frequency at the highest point of Creation, it would be too much for some of the beings that exist in shall we say, the slower frequencies. And so there are adjustments made for each world. Does that answer your question my dear?
Jacqui: Not entirely, I just wondered if there were different entities that are gods? As in the Hindu religion (even though I recognise they are all aspects of the Supreme Being).
Yes, of course, there are God beings and they exist in different frequencies of the existence of the Creator energy of different frequencies – so does that answer your question? Yes there are God beings but there is source, or a force field that is the Creative Force.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 26.281712
Retrieved Text: Astrology is the sky writing of the universe. Since ancient times the sky has been watched for changes, patterns, and for astrology predictions. Reading 'sky writing' is a joyous venture because never is the sky in any one moment the same as any other moment. Each minute is new! There are patterns that repeat, and also new patterns, - just enough of the familiar and unfamiliar to make reading a wonder.
Present times and the near future are particularly remarkable because of various cycles that end during the next 30 years, and because of the dramatic intersection of influences. These influences affect us all and some people more personally. Preparing for the future is a more pertinent and purposeful option for humanity at large than ever before. Please explore The Inside Story for future astrology predictions, astrology information, helpful hints on how to get the best from transits (current and future planetary positions) as you participate in creating your future. Also find out how to arrange a personal reading with astrologer, Jesie Len Gallagher, and find affordable Astrology Reports to buy here and have them mailed or just emailed to you!
Whether astrology predictions relate to your mood of the day, propitious times to buy or sell, self understanding, or tell you more about the trends in current events, The Inside Story is a place to learn more and find something personal just for you. The Future Forecast Report, in particular, can give you a day to day interpretation of influences based on your personal birth information, emailed

########
Rank: 12
Score: 26.090229
Retrieved Text: Transformation is upon us and for many, this is bringing up the most primal of issues: survival. In the past few weeks alone I’ve listened to nearly a dozen personal stories from friends and clients who’ve lost someone close.
Transformation is upon us and for many, this is bringing up the most primal of issues: survival. In the past few weeks alone I’ve listened to nearly a dozen personal stories from friends and clients who’ve lost someone close. The topics of security and survival are coming to people’s awareness so they can recognize what most needs to be healed, resolved and transformed. For people to feel balanced in who they are and where they are going, they require basic necessities, and necessities are based on each individual, for there’s no one necessity that provides safety or security. Everyone has their own definition of safety and security, however, true safety and security come from connection to the divine, for once you are connected to this energy form of life and sustenance you have a resource of higher value than anything available to you on earth. Fortunately for us, there are many ways to build this connection, to transform, and have the lives we desire!
One of the reasons why so many people are feeling pressure and stress is because the things that they had attached themselves to in the past for safety and security are no longer serving them. This is only happening so that they get honest with what they’ve created, tapping into what really serves them on

########
Rank: 13
Score: 26.042185
Retrieved Text: Millions of people on Mother Earth are suffering from sicknesses in the spiritual, mental, emotional, and physical bodies. Millions of people have limited or no access to healthcare. They want solutions.
Millions of people are searching for spiritual secrets, wisdom, knowledge, and practical techniques to transform their physical lives and spiritual lives. The key to physical life includes good health, good relationships, and flourishing finances. The key to soul life is to reach soul enlightenment.
Master Sha’s Soul Healing Miracles teaches and empowers humanity to create soul healing miracles. Readers will learn sacred wisdom and apply practical techniques. Everyone can create his or her own soul healing miracles.
For the first time, The Source Ling Guang (Soul Light) Calligraphy will be offered in a book. These Source Calligraphies carry matter, energy, and soul of The Source, which can transform the matter, energy, and soul of the spiritual, mental, emotional, and physical bodies.
This book also reveals The Source Meditation and Source Mantras which are the absolute sacred way for healing, rejuvenation, prolonging life, and transforming all life.
Together we have the power to create soul healing miracles to transform all life of humanity, Mother Earth, and all universes.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.759672
Retrieved Text: The sun is the primary source of energy for the climate of the earth. Variations in solar energy reaching the earth’s surface change the climate. Several factors control the influx of solar energy, including (1) variations in the earth’s albedo, (2) variations in earth’s orbit and rotation, and (3) variations in solar energy output.
In the short time since 1978, direct measurement of total solar irradiance (TSI) by satellites has shown cyclical variations in solar energy of 0.1% in conjunction with the 11-year sunspot cycle. Indirect evidence from the sun and other sunlike stars indicate that TSI has had significantly greater variation as the the sun goes through various cycles.
The correlations between climate and TSI variations are statistically solid. Small variations in TSI initiate indirect mechanisms on earth that yield climate changes greater than that predicted for the TSI change alone. At least three solar variables are known to affect earth’s climate: (1) TSI, which directly affects temperatures; (2) solar unltraviolet radiation, which affects ozone production and upper atmospheric winds; and (3) solar wind, which affects rainfall and cloud cover, at least partially, through control of the earth’s electrical field. Each affects the earth’s climate in different ways, producing indirect effects that amplify small changes in TSI. Individually, they do not cause the entire observed climate changes. Collectively, they appear to be sufficient, especially because solar forcing of earth’s climate is still an emerging science. Undoubtedly, other mechanisms of solar forcing are poorly understood, perhaps even unknown.
Access A Broad Range of Paleoclimatic Studies. Current debates regarding potential

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.652962
Retrieved Text: The ocean connects us all with energy that spans the earth. Our bodies are made of salt water and we can feel rhythms, tides, and cycles of the moon.
The sea is magickal, cleansing, and reflective.
With our unaided eye, we can never see the entire moon, nor the depths of the ocean. Something is always hidden. Let me offer insight to aid your eye in revealing the secrets and rhythm within, and around you.
Holistic Therapy is a term used for healing each person as a whole, in many aspects of health – physical, emotional, social, and spiritual. I guide my clients toward self-awareness, starting with the Chakras, and help coach them on their own journey through self-discovery and healing. My job is to treat the core issue and not just symptoms. For example, your chronic back pain may be caused by an energy blockage in your root chakra. Or you might be experiencing stiffness in your right hand because the Universe is telling you to finish writing that book you started. Stress can also contribute to chronic pain, and if an emotional issue or past trauma is the source of that stress, working that out could be the cure you’ve been looking for. In my sessions, you will learn what is holding you back in life, and how to move forward. Mind, Body, and Spirit. If you’d like to learn more about how my holistic services can help you, visit my Sea Sessions page.
Mediumship is channeling energy through to the physical plane, bringing messages and healing from

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.609978
Retrieved Text: Neither investment aimed at sustainable forestry nor knowledge transfer followed once India had nationalised.
stipulated that the central permission is required to practice sustainable agro-forestry in a forest area.
Outer space within the Solar System is called interplanetary space, which passes over into interstellar space at what is known as the heliopause.
Energy is the source of all change on the planet Earth.
Earth is a complex of active physical and biological systems which interact and influence one another and change in response to energy in its various forms.
"Nature" refers to the phenomena of the physical world, and also to life in general.
As a general rule, trees should be transplanted no deeper than the soil in which they were originally grown.
Recycling is a process to change (waste) materials into new products to prevent waste of potentially useful materials.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.453074
Retrieved Text: I’ve been thinking lately about energy and the spiritual connection. I have some ideas I’d like to share and I hope they can come out in a coherent way. These things are hard to explain, and they are very subjective in nature. Plus, terms like “vibration,” “frequency” and “energy” also have scientific definitions that don’t exactly apply in the way I’m going to use them. There is a similarity in meaning, but they are not scientifically measurable so a scientist would say I’m using them wrong. So be it. This isn’t a science related post. This is my attempt to explain my thoughts on spirituality, energy, and the way I am seeing life lately. Good luck to me. Ha.
Life force energy. This is the basis of Reiki. It is also the energy that animates all living things, plants, animals, and people. There is also energy in the earth, and around us. This energy connects us all, like a web or a grid. Someone who is dead does not have this life force energy running through his body anymore. That’s the energy I mean.
Science doesn’t have an explanation for how life begins. Sure, sperm meets egg. That part we know. Been there, done that. Four times. But what about the soul (life force energy) entering the union of those microscopic parts? That’s beyond science. Life is a combination of the physical and the spiritual. We, as living beings, are both matter and energy, physical and spiritual in one package. Our energetic selves extend beyond our physical boundaries.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.353102
Retrieved Text: NJ.5.3.4. Life Science: Life science principles are powerful conceptual tools for making sense of the complexity, diversity, and interconnectedness of life on Earth. Order in natural systems arises in accordance with rules that govern the physical world, and the order of natural systems can be modeled and predicted through the use of mathematics.
5.3.4.B. Matter and Energy Transformations: Food is required for energy and building cellular materials. Organisms in an ecosystem have different ways of obtaining food, and some organisms obtain their food directly from other organisms.
Almost all energy (food) and matter can be traced to the Sun.
5.3.4.B.1. Identify sources of energy (food) in a variety of settings (farm, zoo, ocean, forest).
5.3.4.D. Heredity and Reproduction: Organisms reproduce, develop, and have predictable life cycles. Organisms contain genetic information that influences their traits, and they pass this on to their offspring during reproduction.
Plants and animals have life cycles (they begin life, develop into adults, reproduce, and eventually die). The characteristics of each stage of life vary by species.
5.3.4.D.1. Compare the physical characteristics of the different stages of the life cycle of an individual organism, and compare the characteristics of life stages among species.
5.3.4.E. Evolution and Diversity: Sometimes, differences between organisms of the same kind provide advantages for surviving and reproducing in different environments. These selective differences may lead to dramatic changes in characteristics of organisms in a population over extremely long periods of time.
In any ecosystem, some populations of organisms thrive and grow, some decline, and others do not survive at all.
5.3.4.E.2. Evaluate similar populations in an ecosystem with

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.309013
Retrieved Text: You are here: Home › News › Atmosphere. Special issue "Studying the Effects of Dust on Weather, Climate, and Air Pollution"
Atmosphere. Special issue "Studying the Effects of Dust on Weather, Climate, and Air Pollution"
Research on dust aerosols has received more and more attention due to their impact on air pollution, public health, ecosystems, as well as weather and climate. Among them, this Special Issue features current efforts towards understanding the effects of dust on weather, climate, and air pollution with the aim to bring more attention from the operational and research communities to this important subject. Dust aerosols can directly interact with radiation, modifying the thermal and dynamical structure of the atmosphere. In addition, suspended dust particles can serve as both cloud condensation and ice nuclei, thus potentially altering cloud microphysical processes. All of these dust-induced changes are likely to change the energy budget of the atmosphere and surface and affect cloud properties, storm life cycles, and precipitation charateristics. While mineral dust aerosols are often most abundant over and near source regions (e.g., the Sahara Desert and the Gobi Desert), they can be transported far from such areas, giving dust the potential to affect weather and climate over large portions of the earth. The effects of dust–radiation–cloud interactions on weather and climate have been studied, but our understanding of how these dust physical processes modify weather and climate is still limited and requires additional investigation. Due to the large, daunting uncertainty in long-term climate simulations introduced by aerosol–radiation–cloud interactions, this Special Issue focuses on advancing our

########
Rank: 20
Score: 25.29506
Retrieved Text: Is There Science Behind 2012 Prophecies?
Curious about the gloom and doom 2012 prophecies? Scientist Gregg Braden, the best-selling author of “Fractal Time,” puts it into real-time perspective.
Did you know that the Earth is presently moving across the equator of the Milky Way? When we talk about the changes that are coming up in 2012, some of those visible Earth changes are apparently in response to the astronomical changes that are being created by the Earth’s crossing of the Equator of the Milky Way.
In an interview with Dr. Laurie Nadel, Gregg Braden talks about the Mayan 2012 prophecies and what they mean to us today.
Q: You say that 2012 is not the end of the world but the end of a world age—a 5,125-year cycle of time?.
Braden: Some people speak about 2012 like any other news story that you hear about every day. Others who may not have heard anything about 2012 say, “What’s the big deal about a date?”.
Q: Maybe they think it’s like Y2K.
Everyone I asked had a different opinion. What I discovered as a scientist was that the only way that I would know what 2012 was all about was to understand the people who created the calendars that tell us about 2012. And the only way to understand them was to understand great cycles of time.
Q: What do you mean when you say, “cycles of time?”.
Braden: Science now is telling us that we, on this planet, our lives, and our planet in general, are under the influence of great cycles of time; cycles

########
Rank: 21
Score: 25.26994
Retrieved Text: This is a permanent enhancement to strengthen your mind and gain greater power through mind control.
This listing is for two services, there are other listings for more services for greater enhancement.
Spell for the Powers Of The Dragon, Spirit, And Earth Cycles - An Empowering Energy Source That Assists You With A Specific Need New To Creepy Hollows? Receive A Spell Or Spirit Stone, Connecting Stone, & Charging Pouch For A Penny - For First Time Collectors Only!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 25.268448
Retrieved Text: Environmental Systems explores the biological, physical, and sociological principles related to the environment in which organisms live on Earth, the biosphere. Course topics include natural systems on Earth, biogeochemical cycles, the nature of matter and energy, the flow of matter and energy through living systems, populations, communities, ecosystems, ecological pyramids, renewable and non-renewable natural resources, land use, biodiversity, pollution, conservation, sustainability, and human impacts on the environment.
The course provides students with opportunities to learn and practice scientific skills within the context of relevant scientific questions. Scientific inquiry skills are embedded in the direct instruction, wherein students learn to ask scientific questions, deconstruct claims, form and test hypotheses, and use logic and evidence to draw conclusions about the concepts. Case studies of current environmental challenges introduce each content lesson and acquaint students with real-life environmental issues, debates, and solutions. Lab activities reinforce critical thinking, writing, and communication skills and help students develop a deeper understanding of the nature of science. Virtual Lab activities enable students to engage in investigations that require long periods of observation at remote locations and to explore simulations that enable environmental scientists to test predictions. Throughout this course, students are given an opportunity to understand how biology, earth science, and physical science are applied to the study of the environment and how technology and engineering are contributing solutions for studying and creating a sustainable biosphere.
This course is built to the TEKS Environmental Systems standards.
Optional materials are available for this course. For more information, see the Course Materials List.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 25.244915
Retrieved Text: In thermodynamics and engineering, a heat engine is a system that converts heat or thermal energy—and chemical energy—to mechanical energy, which can then be used to do mechanical work. It does this by bringing a working substance from a higher state temperature to a lower state temperature. A heat source generates thermal energy that brings the working substance to the high temperature state. The working substance generates work in the working body of the engine while transferring heat to the colder sink until it reaches a low temperature state. During this process some of the thermal energy is converted into work by exploiting the properties of the working substance. The working substance can be any system with a non-zero heat capacity, but it usually is a gas or liquid. During this process, a lot of heat is lost to the surroundings and so cannot be converted to work.
In general an engine converts energy to mechanical work. Heat engines distinguish themselves from other types of engines by the fact that their efficiency is fundamentally limited by Carnot's theorem. Although this efficiency limitation can be a drawback, an advantage of heat engines is that most forms of energy can be easily converted to heat by processes like exothermic reactions (such as combustion), absorption of light or energetic particles, friction, dissipation and resistance. Since the heat source that supplies thermal energy to the engine can thus be powered by virtually any kind of energy, heat engines are very versatile and have a wide range of applicability.
Heat engines are often

########
Rank: 24
Score: 25.147934
Retrieved Text: In November 2007, UCAR and CIRES hosted a workshop to develop a consensus framework for enhancing our nation’s atmospheric science and climate literacy. The workshop was sponsored by the NSF and NOAA, and incorporated input from 60 participants including representatives from NAGT, NESTA, AMS and AGU. The workshop was held at UCAR’s Center Green campus in Boulder, Colorado.
This page serves as an archive of the outcomes of that workshop. The alignment to specific science education standards presented in the Atmospheric Science Literacy Framework are less germane since the release of the Next Generation Science Standards (NGSS) in 2013. However, the Essential Principles and Fundamental Concepts presented in the Framework remain a good overview of key concepts in the atmospheric sciences.
People who are literate in atmospheric science understand the "big ideas" of the relevant scientific knowledge. Armed with this understanding, they will have the basis to communicate about the Earth's atmosphere in a meaningful way, and be equipped to make informed and responsible decisions about activities that impact the Earth's atmosphere. This framework for Atmospheric Science Literacy provides guidance to educators and the public on these big ideas. We have chosen to structure the framework with Essential Principles (EPs) at the highest level, on which more detailed information depends. Subordinate and more specific Fundamental Concepts (FCs) offer foundational knowledge which is needed to fully understand the Essential Principles.
The Atmospheric Science Literacy Framework is a component of a larger effort to develop a comprehensive literacy framework for the entire Earth System. Several other related frameworks have already been

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.071623
Retrieved Text: We are not here to show you how to walk by using your two feet or how to use your hands and other body organs. We are here to make you aware that your physical body is an extension of an astral energy body and all growth and evolution that takes place in both bodies are linked with each other.
You create energetically, you communicate energetically, you heal energetically. When you purify and transform you allow energy to clear imbalances and restore your light. When a great creator performs wonders you call this a great talent or charisma. In all cases this being is a receiver of cosmic light and he is able to transmit it through his physical body. The physical body becomes the carrier of cosmic light as well as the transmitter and creator of new life and new energies. In this case we have a unity between all bodies and they all work together according to cosmic laws, achieving growth and evolution. Your physical body is Earth’s creation and when it is united with the astral plane, Earth receives cosmic light. There is a greater unity to be seen and this is our Source whose light has created the astral plane, the creator Gods who are assisting in creating life, the physical body that is Earth’s creation but it is also an extension of an astral body, a higher-self, a creation code and the highest light of our Source. When human beings understand this connection and live according to this truth then the Earth

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.03325
Retrieved Text: Abstract: Over land the three main cycles that govern the climate and metabolism of the Earth system – the water, energy and carbon cycles – are strongly coupled together. Disturbances in one cycle propagate to the others through this coupling. Shortcomings in the characterization of this coupling are a major source of error and divergence among projections of future climate based on Earth System models. A variable that controls the degree of coupling among the three main cycles is soil moisture. Soil moisture affects water and heat loss as well as vegetation transpiration and soil respiration. In this talk global maps of surface soil moisture recently obtained from space-borne instruments are used to diagnose the degree of coupling in different environments. The observations are made by NASA’s Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) mission that was launched on January 31, 2015. The data are used to address science questions in global water cycle dynamics and global ecology where soil moisture affects the rates of evaporation and transpiration.
About the Speaker: Dara Entekhabi is the Bacardi and Stockholm Water Foundations Chair Professor in the Ralph M. Parsons Laboratory for Environmental Science and Engineering at the Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). His areas of research activity include Earth remote sensing, climate and water cycle dynamics, land-atmosphere interaction and boundary-layer processes. Professor Entekhabi is a fellow in the American Meteorological Society (AMS), the American Geophysical Union (AMS) and the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). He is an member of the National Academy of

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.997866
Retrieved Text: As human beings, we are connected to both heaven and earth simultaneously. Our ability to create depends heavily on how we are able to interpret the energy that we encounter from moment to moment as we navigate in the physical plane. Like the seasons of the planet we reside on, we go through transitions of cycles that pull out of us exactly what we need to become the highest versions of ourselves.
At times it feels as if we’re sinking, the snow is deep, the trudging through the quickly deepening drifts taking its toll. Then the sun breaks through the clouds, melts the layers and provides a smooth passage once again. In those times the flowers burst through the ground and the seeds that were sown in the fall provide fruit as growth takes place in the summer.
We are no different than the seasons of this world. We have times when we are planting seeds for our business and we wonder if they will take root and blossom. We wonder if we’ve given them enough water, enough nutrients. We interfere with the natural rhythm of Spirit and try to force the growth before it is time. Our fear takes over and we pick the fruit before it is ready, biting into it and tasting the bitterness of premature harvesting. We go from one extreme to another, finding our boundaries and feeling through our limitations. Sometimes this looks like expecting a harvest when seeds were sown but not nurtured. It can look so much like the process of

########
Rank: 28
Score: 24.941853
Retrieved Text: Online activity as a job-satisfaction indicator? Nah.
Web 2.0 is such a phenomena because we’re underused elsewhere. Bored at work, bored at home. We’ve got spare cycles and they’re finally finding an outlet. Tap that and you’ve tapped an energy source that rivals anything in human history.
Spare cycles are the most powerful fuel on the planet. It’s what Web 2.0 is made up of. User generated content? Spare cycles. Open source? Spare cycles. MySpace, YouTube, Facebook, Second Life? Spare cycles.
If Anderson is right, then we could measure how bored or not we are at our jobs (and/or at home, too) by measuring our online activity.
The thing is, Anderson is wrong.
Anderson is equating up activities for which the motivators are very different. Open source is not powered by “bored” programmers that don’t know what to do with their spare time, but by passionate contributors that very often make an effort to find time in their lives for open source. Same holds for the most devoted Flickr users, the most constant bloggers and the most popular YouTube creators.
Yes, the bored office worker that aimlessly browses YouTube or MySpace is indeed just burning spare cycles, but the pointless browsing/digging/etc is not the force that drives these communities.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 24.82061
Retrieved Text: Internal structure of the earth, seismic source imaging, signal processing, theoretical seismology, and geodynamics.
My research focuses on developing new tools and constraints to evaluate mathematical models of physical processes and Earth structures. I am currently working to develop new theoretical and observational frameworks to utilize the information about earthquake source processes and Earth structure contained within long-period recordings of seismic energy.

================



======= Instance Index 40 =========
Input Text: Pasteurization reduces the amount of bacteria in

Which is the correct answer?
- green tea
- cheddar cheese
- orange juice
- almond milk

Target Text: cheddar cheese

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 32.120197
Retrieved Text: Pasteurization does kill bad bacteria, but it also kills good bacteria and other nutrients.
Such finings may be applied at the time of the first pasteurization or just before the final filtration and bottling.
This is done by pasteurization, a method named after the French bacteriologist Louis Pasteur.
It seems strange that this can be done, for the Pasteurization of course costs something.
Pasteurization is rather an indefinite term to use, unless the time and the temperature to which the milk is subjected are given.
Pasteurization does not remove chemical impurities; boiling dirt does not render it harmless.
1885, from pasteurize + -ation.
The process of heating a beverage, such as milk or beer, to a specific temperature for a specific period of time in order to kill microorganisms that could cause disease, spoilage, or undesired fermentation.
The process of destroying most microorganisms in certain foods, such as fish or clam meat, by irradiating them with gamma rays or other radiation to prevent spoilage.
A process in which an unfermented liquid, such as milk, or a partially fermented one, such as beer, is heated to a specific temperature for a certain amount of time in order to kill pathogens that could cause disease, spoilage, or undesired fermentation. During pasteurization, the liquid is not allowed to reach its boiling point so as to avoid changing its molecular structure.
The process of destroying most pathogens in certain foods, such as fish or clams, by irradiating them with gamma rays or other radiation to prevent spoilage. See Note at Pasteur.
Heating a fluid, such as milk, for a specific period

########
Rank: 1
Score: 30.62191
Retrieved Text: Pasteurizing milk kills harmful bacteria.
1 What Are the Health Issues With Unpasteurized Cheese?
4 Does Milk Generate Mucus?
Pasteurization is the process of heating a food or liquid to a high temperature for a certain amount of time to kill any disease-causing bacteria. Louis Pasteur first discovered pasteurization in 1864, and the process was later applied to milk in the 1920s. By 1950, pasteurizing milk became a widespread food safety practice in the production of milk and milk products.
There are two methods for pasteurizing milk known as the batch method and the H.T.S.T. method. In the batch method, milk is heated to 63 degrees Celsius for 30 minutes and then cooled immediately. The H.T.S.T. method stands for High Temperature Short Time and is so named because the process involves heating milk to 72 degrees Celsius for 15 seconds, then cooling it immediately.
Bacteria from udders, soil, manure or milking equipment can infect milk and lead to illness in humans. The pathogen S. pyogenes is naturally colonized in animals but can be transmitted to humans through consumption of raw unpasteurized milk and cause strep throat. Another bacteria named Listeria can be transmitted through raw unpasteurized milk and can cause miscarriages or fetal illness in pregnant women. In 2010, the Centers for Disease Control reported 133 outbreaks in 30 states due to the consumption of raw milk. Twenty of these states allowed raw milk sales and accounted for 80 percent of the outbreaks.
The changes in the nutrition of milk due to pasteurization is minimal. Studies compiled by the CDC have shown

########
Rank: 2
Score: 28.371723
Retrieved Text: Mothers donate their frozen milk.
The pasteurization room and team are prepared with procedures that diminish risks of contamination.
Staff and volunteers pour thawed milk into flasks.
A sample of each donor's milk is scanned by infrared spectroscopy (the MilkoScan) to determine the fat, protein, and lactose content.
Mixed pools of milk targeting the nutritional needs of sick babies are poured into BPA-free, tamper-evident bottles for pasteurization.
Milk is heated to 62.5 °C for 30 minutes. Pasteurization kills viruses and bacteria that could be harmful to fragile infants, while retaining most of the milk's beneficial components.
Milk is cultured before and after pasteurization to ensure absence of bacteria.
Pasteurized milk is stored in a deep freeze until dispensed to hospitals and outpatient babies.
Start donating by following 4 simple steps.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 28.346806
Retrieved Text: Milk and milk products provide a wealth of nutrition benefits. But raw milk can harbor dangerous microorganisms that can pose serious health risks to you and your family. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, more than 800 people in the United States have gotten sick from drinking raw milk or eating cheese made from raw milk since 1998.
Raw milk is milk from cows, sheep, or goats that has not been pasteurized to kill harmful bacteria. This raw, unpasteurized milk can carry dangerous bacteria such as Salmonella, E. coli, and Listeria, which are responsible for causing numerous foodborne illnesses.
These harmful bacteria can seriously affect the health of anyone who drinks raw milk, or eats foods made from raw milk. However, the bacteria in raw milk can be especially dangerous to pregnant women, children, the elderly, and people with weakened immune systems.
Pasteurization is a process that kills harmful bacteria by heating milk to a specific temperature for a set period of time. First developed by Louis Pasteur in 1864, pasteurization kills harmful organisms responsible for such diseases as listeriosis, typhoid fever, tuberculosis, diphtheria, and brucellosis.
Research shows no meaningful difference in the nutritional values of pasteurized and unpasteurized milk. Pasteurized milk contains low levels of the type of nonpathogenic bacteria that can cause food spoilage, so storing your pasteurized milk in the refrigerator is still important.
While pasteurization has helped provide safe, nutrient-rich milk and cheese for over 120 years, some people continue to believe that pasteurization harms milk and that raw milk is a safe healthier

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.138748
Retrieved Text: Of late there has been sporadic criticism of milk and whether it should be a part of the daily diet of children. Milk has been so much a part of the wisdom passed down the generations.
Is milk’s goodness an old wives tale or is there more to it?
While milk isn't the perfect food, it still delivers a lot of nutrition in all its various forms, such as cheese, cottage cheese, and yogurt. Besides, milk and dairy products are foods that kids will eat and drink willingly. Despite the bad press about milk, it has a lot of good nutritional things going for it.
What are the nutritional benefits of milk?
Milk is unique because no other beverage in the world contains as many natural nutrients. It contains nearly all the basic nutrients that a growing child needs: fats, carbohydrates, proteins, vitamins and minerals (except iron).
Fat: Depending on what kind of milk you choose (nonfat to whole milk), milk contains anywhere from negligible amounts of fat in non-fat milk to eight grams of fat per 8-ounce glass in whole milk.
Calcium: 300 milligrams or 35 percent of the RDA for school children. Note that the percentage of calcium absorbed from dairy products is much higher than that absorbed from most vegetables. Milk is fortified with vitamin D, which boosts calcium absorption.
Vitamin B2 (riboflavin): 8-ounces of milk supply half the RDA for children under three years, one-third of the vitamin B2 requirement for school-age children, and one-fourth the requirement for teens and adults.
Has the importance of giving milk to young children

########
Rank: 5
Score: 25.56574
Retrieved Text: Spices pickles bottle sterilizer machine/canned food pasteurization and milk or medical sterilizing machine from Shandong Microwave Machinery Co.,Ltd.
Spices pickles bottle sterilizer machine/canned food pasteurization and milk or medical sterilizing machine is mainly used for shelling all kinds of hard shell nuts,such as almond,hazelnut,pistachio,camellia fruit and so on.
There are two type of Pine Nuts dehulling and separating equipment ,single stage type and three stage type. Take three stage type for example.Spices pickles bottle sterilizer machine/canned food pasteurization and milk or medical sterilizing machine is composed of sheller and hoister.Spices pickles bottle sterilizer machine/canned food pasteurization and milk or medical sterilizing machine is automatic feeding with the hoister.Spices pickles bottle sterilizer machine/canned food pasteurization and milk or medical sterilizing machine can shell hard nuts with three different levels at the same time.By adjusting the clearance of all levels of processing roller without grading the nuts,you can shell Spices pickles bottle sterilizer machine/canned food pasteurization and milk or medical sterilizing machine at one time.
Spices pickles bottle sterilizer machine/canned food pasteurization and milk or medical sterilizing machine has reasonable designment,with low damage rate.Spices pickles bottle sterilizer machine/canned food pasteurization and milk or medical sterilizing machine is the most ideal hard nuts processing equipment currently.Spices pickles bottle sterilizer machine/canned food pasteurization and milk or medical sterilizing machine professional use for broken the hard shell ,like the apricot and filbert to change the distance between the rollers of this machine ,can broken the different size shell of the products .because the size of the shell is different ,so Spices pickles bottle sterilizer

########
Rank: 6
Score: 25.438824
Retrieved Text: High Pressure Pasteurization can be used to process an ever-expanding variety of fresh foods and beverages.
quality, shelf-life & brand equity of your products.
HPP is effective at killing harmful bacteria and extending the shelf life of a wide range of protein products, both raw and cooked. Using HPP on cooked meats often removes the need to use artificial preservatives to extend shelf life and kill spoilage organisms. High pressure is also a great application for raw protein, such as ground turkey and chicken breast, both destroying bacteria and pathogens that make people sick and greatly lengthening shelf life. Manufacturers find value in offering fresh, never heated, ready-to-cook premium products to an increasingly discerning and quality-conscious customer.
Plastic containers with induction/heat seals, MAP (modified atmosphere packaging), vacuumed plastic and chub-style packaging all work well with protein products and the HPP process. Please contact us for more information on HPP’d meats and packaging requirements.
HPP destroys spoilage organisms that make beverages such as fresh juice and cold-brewed coffee go bad quickly. Because high pressure doesn’t involve the use of heat, the flavor and color typically are unchanged after the process, while bacteria are destroyed and shelf life is greatly extended.
At APC, we have seen the variety of beverages and liquids that can be enhanced by using HPP, rather than traditional high-heat pasteurization, rise dramatically over our 14 years.
A wide variety of plastic bottles work well with HPP, however glass, metal, styrofoam and tetra-pack packaging do not withstand either the water, the high pressure, or both. APC assists our customers in choosing

########
Rank: 7
Score: 25.127491
Retrieved Text: This is a most interesting admission—that conventional pasteurization does not ensure that milk will be free of pathogens—and the claim that milk in its original state is “near sterile” is ludicrous. It comes already innoculated with beneficial bacteria and supports their proliferation. Only harmful bacteria can grow in ultrapasteurized milk. If you object to the ultrapasteurization of organic milk, contact the company at 888-444-6455.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 25.005713
Retrieved Text: Microbe-Lift bacteria is specially formulated to work in watergarden ponds. It is a 100-Percent natural, safe and beneficial bacteria and will not harm fish or plants. 3-5 year shelf life. Reduces ammonia and nitrogen levels. Reduces noxious odors caused by algae, fish waste, rotting leaves and other debris. Reduces larvae of water breeding insects like flies and mosquitoes. Creates a healthy pond environmen t, p romoting faster fish growth. Helps break down existing algae and reduces new algae blooms. Improves dissolved oxygen levels. Dissolves away organic sludge and slime. Simply pour Microbe-Lift/PL Bacteria into pond using the basic application rates chart on the bottle as a guide. First application will require a larger amount followed by four weekly treatments using a lesser amount, then once per month thereafter as a maintenance program.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 24.87297
Retrieved Text: Build peak bone mass during youth to preserve bone mass during aging.
Milk has been and will continue to be a key component in the diets of millions of people. During the agrarian age, people drank milk from the animals they raised. At the dawn of the twentieth century, nutritional science appeared on the scene and quickly acknowledged milk’s importance as a part of a balanced diet. For over one hundred years, several US government nutrition programs have highlighted milk’s value. How does milk get from a cow to your doorstep?
In the early nineteenth century raw milk was distributed in carelessly washed metal pails and was, at times, still warm from the cow when it reached its destination. If you got up too late to fetch your milk you received little of the coagulated cream on top. This distribution method did not suffice for the widespread delivery of fresh milk to the masses living in cities, thus milk and its preparation methods had to be changed in several ways. Consuming raw milk can be a potential health hazard as harmful bacteria such as Salmonella, E. coli, and Listeria may be present, all of which are known as culprits for many foodborne illnesses. Pasteurization, homogenization, fortification, and eventually packaging in plastic containers were developed to address distribution and food-safety issues.
In 1863, Louis Pasteur invented pasteurization. Pasteurization involves heating the milk to a high temperature (greater than 161 degrees Fahrenheit) for a short time (less than 20 seconds) and is an effective method of killing 99.999 percent of bacteria,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 24.807735
Retrieved Text: Heat does several things; however among its most significant processes is that it applies the theories of Pasteurization to structures. Pasteurization dates back to the mid-1800s with the ideas applied by Pasteur. He determined that by heating food product to a temperature of roughly 60ºC (140ºF) for many minutes, bacteria, viruses, protozoa, molds and yeasts within the food would be reduced to levels that might not cause spoilage to the food or be harmful to the health of the buyer. Pasteurization improved shelf-life of food products and more significantly, provided reduced levels of contamination which created safe consumption without food damage. Today, we at Rest Easy Mold Control use these principles for structures. Structural Pasteurization is a method in which the temperature of a building or portion of a building is increased to help eliminate the targeted organisms to acceptable levels with minimal structural damage.
In 2008 the Second Edition to the IICRC S520 Standard and Reference Guide for Professional Mold Remediation was approved by the American National Standards Institute (ANSI) for publication.
The S520 is a voluntary Standard and Reference Guide, but it is the single most significant document regarding the process of mold remediation. The document is written for use by those involved in the mold remediation industry – primarily for mold remediation companies and workers, but also for those who investigate or assess mold complaints, prepare specifications, protocols or procedures and manage remediation projects. It is also the primary document for materially interested parties such as property owners, consumers, insurance companies, and government and regulatory

########
Rank: 11
Score: 24.764116
Retrieved Text: Howlistic — High Pressure Pasteurization - Is it for You?
High Pressure Pasteurization - Is it for You?
High pressure pasteurization (HPP) is an increasingly common method to insure that raw food is safe, especially for people, but also dogs and cats. But what is it?
Simply put, HPP is the application of ultra-high pressure to a packaged food while in a water bath. Because the food package is in water the pressure is applied uniformly to the food and doesn’t cause any physical damage to the food itself or the package. Currently, it’s the only pasteurization process that does not use heat or irradiation.
This high pressure type of processing destroys common food-borne pathogens such as E. coli, Listeria, and Salmonella without changing the nutritional value or the fresh characteristics of the food. Nutrients and enzymes remain intact, however, beneficial bacteria are also eliminated with the pathogens during this process.
Because beneficial bacteria is vital to digestive health you can either add them back in by including a quality probiotic, Greek yogurt, or Additional Answers raw goat’s milk in your dog or cat’s diet. Stella & Chewy’s is currently the only company that adds the good bugs back in for you.
Another benefit of HPP over thermal processing is that no free radicals are formed and no chemical by-products are created.
HPP is gaining popularity among raw pet food manufacturers who wish to make their products more appealing to the traditional veterinary community and pet owners who want to feed raw, but with zero risk of bacterial contamination. Two popular lines of

########
Rank: 12
Score: 24.214762
Retrieved Text: https://cedar.buffalo.edu/diar03/review/reviews/generic-viagra-cheapest-uk.html MADISON – Food safety officials at the Wisconsin Department of Agriculture, Trade and Consumer Protection are advising consumers to avoid consuming Crystal Ball Farms brand 2% Reduced Fat Milk sold in one-half gallon and quart size glass bottles with a sell-by date of 6/24/2013. No illnesses have been linked to this product, but a routine inspection by staff revealed that records could not verify that the milk had been properly pasteurized.
get link Crystal Ball Farms is located in Osceola, Wisconsin and distributes primarily in Northwest Wisconsin and Northern Minnesota. Crystal Ball Farms is contacting retail stores and voluntarily recalling the product.
viva viagra songs Customers who have the 2% reduced fat milk product at home should return it to the store from which they purchased it. Crystal Ball Farms reports that about 448 one-half gallons and 36 quarts of product were produced with the 6/24/2013 sell-by date, which is located on the cap of the glass bottle.
https://wisconsindailyindependent.com/good-college-admission-essays-6995/ Pasteurization is the process of heating milk for a set period of time to a set temperature to kill bacteria. By heating the milk, bacteria that can cause human illnesses are killed or inactivated. Pasteurization has been used for decades to kill bacteria when milk is processed for bottling or the production of other dairy products.
watch Inspectors from both states will be verifying that this product has been removed from the marketplace.
family life essay You can also connect with us on Twitter at twitter.com/widatcp or Facebook at facebook.com/widatcp.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 24.200996
Retrieved Text: In numerous pure water applications, hot water sanitization is utilized to ensure consistent product quality, bacteria-free packaging and membrane system performance. When biocide isnt an option, or choice, high temperature water is an effective and cost-efficient solution for many applications. Since Pasteurs discovery in 1865, moist heat sanitization, or Pasteurization, has been used to kill any bacteria or microbes to a safe level. Heat conveyed by hot water acts on microorganisms by denaturation and coagulation of protein chains. The table below shows approximate operating conditions (temperature and period of time) for moist heat eradication.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 24.177309
Retrieved Text: There are two raw milks in America: one for “people” and one for the “pasteurizer.” Raw milk meant for people is clean, pure, comes from cows on green pastures, and is regulated on a state-by-state basis. Raw milk for the pasteurizer is regulated by the FDA under the Pasteurized Milk Ordinance (PMO) and can be filled with pathogenic bacteria. Raw milk intended for pasteurization is commingled from many confinement dairies and is never tested for pathogens. Pasteurization does not create clean milk; it just kills filthy milk.
The FDA sits at the very top of the PMO food chain system and reigns as the military dictator over the rules and regulations of the PMO. Yes, they wear military uniforms, and yes, they are the absolute last word at the NCIMS (National Conference on Interstate Milk Shipments, the organization that runs the PMO). So I do not exaggerate when I use the term “military dictatorship.” No one moves or breathes or thinks a thought without FDA approval when it comes to pasteurized milk and its regulation.
Pasteurization has passed its time of usefulness. It may once have been seen as a scientific breakthrough to stop the deadly “milk problem” scourge of filthy raw milk from distillery dairies in the mid 1800s, but dirty milk is no longer a misunderstood challenge. Yet the FDA cannot change with science or the times or the will of the people. Instead the FDA remains steadfast in a war against all bacteria. Their battle plan, as issued and envisioned eighty years ago, remains the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 23.625135
Retrieved Text: Every time I hear any discussion of raw milk, I know I can look forward to repetitions of a few misleading claims on both sides, with no attention to taste (which is my agenda).
Most of those who want consumers to have unfettered access to raw milk insist that pasteurization destroys nutritional value. Sometimes they also assert that raw milk tastes better. Neither claim is unconditionally true. On the other side, adherents of pasteurization are bent on warning the public that without it we can expect the unhindered spread of milk-borne pathogens. This, too, is only partly true.
Certainly a glass of raw milk sampled at the farm is going to taste different from supermarket milk. But pasteurization is only one of the industrial processing steps responsible for the difference. Virtually all the pasteurized milk that reaches us has been separated, recombined and homogenized. These steps do more to denature milk than anything else that happens to it. The creamier mouthfeel and fresher flavor of whole raw milk at a well-run farm reflect not just actual freshness but the fact that the basic milk structure is intact. You can get nearly the same effect from unhomogenized pasteurized milk — at least, if it comes to you fresh and was not ultrapasteurized.
This brings us to the second great factor usually left out of the debate: At one time, milk was pasteurized at a low temperature for a long time, which eliminated harmful bacteria with minimal impairment of flavor. The faster, more cost-effective approaches that are almost universal today impart

########
Rank: 16
Score: 23.551476
Retrieved Text: NOT INTENDED TO KILL ALL PATHOGENS: Pasteurization is not intended to kill all pathogenic micro-organisms in the food or liquid, but aims to reduce the number of viable pathogens so they are unlikely to cause disease.
Milk’s anti-microbial properties have been detailed only recently, but the destruction of protective properties was recognized as early as 1938 in studies showing that raw milk did not support the growth of a wide range of pathogens.
Vitamin C Raw milk but not pasteurized can resolve scurvy. “. . . Without doubt. . . the explosive increase in infantile scurvy during the latter part of the 19th century coincided with the advent of use of heated milks. . .” (Rajakumar, Pediatrics. 2001;108(4):E76).
Calcium Longer and denser bones on raw milk.
Folate Carrier protein inactivated during pasteurization. (Gregory. J. Nutr. 1982, 1329-1338).
Vitamin B6 Animal studies indicate B6 poorly absorbed from pasteurized milk.
Vitamin A Beta-lactoglobulin, a heat-sensitive protein in milk, increases intestinal absorption of vitamin A. Heat degrades vitamin A. Said and others (Am J Clin Nutr. 1989;49:690-694. Runge and Heger. J Agric Food Chem. 2000 Jan;48(1):47-55).
Vitamin D Present in milk in protein-bound form, assimilation possibly affected by pasteurization. Hollis and others ( J Nutr. 1981;111:1240-1248).
Iron Lactoferrin, which contributes to iron assimilation, destroyed during pasteurization.
Iodine Lower in pasteurized milk. Wheeler and others (J Dairy Sci. 1983;66(2):187-95).
Minerals Lactobacilli, destroyed by pasteurization, enhance mineral absorption (MacDonald and others. 1985).
There are several reasons why one might choose to drink fresh raw milk over pasteurized or homogenized milk.
It is believed that nutritional content in raw milk is higher that pasteurized

########
Rank: 17
Score: 23.50248
Retrieved Text: ​Oral bacteria feed on sugars from food, but they cannot use xylitol. Replacing sugar with xylitol therefore reduces the available fuel for the harmful bacteria. But, the effects of xylitol go beyond that… even though the bad bacteria cannot use xylitol for fuel, they will still ingest it. When the bacteria are full of xylitol, they are unable to take up sugar, so essentially their energy producing pathway is “clogged” and they end up dying.In other words, when you use xylitol the sugar metabolism in the bacteria is blocked and they literally starve to death.
There are many studies on how xylitol reduces decay because S. mutans bacteria ingests it and dies. This is also the same for gum disease causing bacteria like P. gingivalis.
Xylitol also has been proven to help with the production of collagen. Collagen plays an important role in periodontal disease. As in most connective tissues, the fibers of the periodontal ligament are mainly collagenous in nature so increased production of collagen can promote periodontal health.
We are asked all the time about the amount of xylitol in our products because numerous studies state the 5 grams is the optimal cavity prevention amount. First, we do not have enough xylitol in our products to equal the 5 grams if you use our products as directed but, using Oracare products can be part the patients regiment to get to 5 grams. Second, just because it isn’t at the optimal level does not mean it is not doing its job of starving bacteria and helping with the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 23.35786
Retrieved Text: The Hillfarm Dairy modified its milk production process to increase output at the expense of quality, a top state public health official charged Wednesday.
That change may have been the weak link in the production process that led to the nation`s largest salmonella epidemic, said Dr. Robert Flentge, chief of the Food, Drug and Dairy Division of the Illinois Department of Public Health.
Because of the salmonella outbreak, the production system used by Hillfarm to pasteurize and blend milk may be banned by the federal Food and Drug Administration, state health officials said.
Flentge and other state health officials called the production system a serious flaw in the plant design, saying it compromised milk quality.
The problem focuses on the post-pasteurization process. In most Chicago area dairies, milk is blended first and then pasteurized before being placed in containers. In Hillfarm`s Melrose Park plant, the milk was blended after pasteurization.
pasteurization had been the last step before bottling, they said. Pasteurization is a heat treatment that kills salmonella and other bacteria.
When Hillfarm Dairy was built in 1968, it followed standard safety measures and blended milk before pasteurization, said Lewis Schultz, state director of dairy inspection.
But in the mid-1970s, the system was redesigned to put the blending operation after pasteurization, which allowed the plant to double its production to 200 gallons a minute from 100 gallons, Schultz said.
FDA inspectors, who took part in the most thorough investigation of a dairy in the nation, also have focused on the post-pasteurization blending process with a view toward outlawing this design, said Pat Larsen, a

########
Rank: 19
Score: 23.253769
Retrieved Text: After spending 20 years working on lawsuits involving food-poisoning claims, an attorney is releasing a list of the 6 foods he refuses to eat.
Bill Marler, who has been involved in lawsuits against Chipotle and other restaurants, has won over $600 million for clients who suffered illnesses after eating bad food.
Marler posted his list of foods to avoid to Food Poison Journal.
Marler says raw beverages can be dangerous and skipping the safety step of pasteurization opens us the risk of bacteria, viruses, and even parasites. There were 148 food poisoning outbreaks linked to raw milk from 1998-2011, and Marler says you have to remember not very many people are consuming the product. One of Marler's earliest cases dealt with an E. coli outbreak caused from unpasteurized apple juice. “There’s no benefit big enough to take away the risk of drinking products that can be made safe by pasteurization,” he says.
More than 30 bacterial outbreaks since the mid-1990s have been linked to either raw or undercooked sprouts; most of the cases were salmonella or E. coli. If not cooked thoroughly, Marler says he avoids all types of sprouts.
“If it’s not cooked thoroughly to 160°F throughout, it can cause poisoning by E. coli and salmonella and other bacterial illnesses" Marler says. Ground meat products are problematic because bacteria on the surface can be ground down into it. With steaks, knives and forks used to pierce the meat for tenderizing can transfer bugs and bacteria deep into the meat, Marler says.
Marler says he avoids these types of food "like the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 23.228859
Retrieved Text: Keep stirring and cooking gently until the candy thermometer reaches 160F/70C – this is the temperature at which the eggs are safe to consume.
So are eggs safe to consume once they reach 70 degrees celsius?
Their food safety tag description is a fantastic resource that I commonly refer to, correcting a number of myths and misconceptions. From there, we can see the answer to this question is not a simple "yes or no" - heating them once to a certain temperature doesn't render them safe.
Bacteria leave behind harmful protein toxins that cannot be "killed" (denatured) by cooking. The cooking times/temperatures are only effective against live organisms, not their toxic waste products. Spoiled food cannot be cooked back to safety and must be discarded.
Cooking is pasteurization, not sterilization. Pasteurization means killing most microbes, so as to render the food safe for human consumption. This resets the clock but does not stop it; cooked food can and will still spoil after 2 hours in the danger zone. Sterilization methods (e.g. high-pressure canning and irradiation) are the only safe methods for longer-term room-temperature storage.
Egg safety is a regional issue, with eggs being stored (in production) at different temperatures and use different Salmonella control regimes.
The US government do recommend heating eggnog until it reaches "an internal temperature of 160 °F" (71 °C) to protect against infection.
This paper shows that 40°C for 2 hr or 48°C for 30 min was not enough to eliminate Salmonella enteritidis.
The US Department of Agriculture set-up pasteurisation standards for egg products that any Salmonella species in the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 22.924335
Retrieved Text: when your tooth is grossly carious or the tooth pulp is involved or inflamed due to caries and if you want your tooth to be saved then only root canal treatment is the choice.
Success for RCT is to remove all the bacteria and other pathogens from the root canal. Most studies have proven that using a laser in RCT to kill bacteria and other pathogens, is the most effective than a conventional method.
Laser technology also reduces possible side effects from the root canal procedure. There’s no need to worry about files breaking off or getting stuck in the canal. The Waterlase laser also limits the amount of bleeding during dental treatment and can be used with minimal or no local anesthesia. Post-operative problems of traditional root canals are practically eliminated — the laser reduces the amount of inflammation, swelling and discomfort often felt as the anesthesia wears off. Patients may not even need pain medication often prescribed following dental surgery.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 22.771788
Retrieved Text: cheap michael kors This sawdust can be easily pasteurized using inexpensive equipment and later mixed with spawn after it is processed. The purpose of pasteurization is to kill off select bacteria so that the mushroom mycelium that we add to the sawdust will have a greater chance to achieve a foothold in its new environment. Keep in mind that sawdust should be supplemented with wheat or rice bran to maximize the fruiting potential.Rye based substrates can also be mixed in cheap michael kors.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 22.771112
Retrieved Text: A common misconception about low temperature cooking is that it is unsafe as it involves cooking in lower temperatures that are in the bacterial ''danger zone'' of 5°C - 55°C (41°F - 131°F).
Food safety is a function of both time and temperature; a low cooking temperature would be perfectly safe if maintained at that temperature for long enough to achieve pasteurization.
Pasteurization isn't strictly necessary for safe consumption (think sushi!), however it's a requirement if cook-chill is needed. As a reminder, there are 2 types of low-temperature cooking: cook-serve and cook-chill. With cook-serve, food is cooked and served immediately; whereas cook-chill means that food is cooked, chilled, stored and reheated prior to consumption at a later date.
Generally food items that are heated and served within 4 hours are considered safe (including unpasteurized food), but meat that is cooked for longer to tenderize must reach a temperature of at least 55°C (131°F) within 4 hours and then be kept there, in order to pasteurize the meat.
*This rule generally applies for meat cuts up to 2 inches thick. For accurate details on pasteurization times, please refer to each respective food section's sous vide cooking guide.
Unpasteurized food is considered raw or minimally cooked and not suitable for highly susceptible, pregnant or those with weaker immune systems (''immuno-compromised'').
That said, unpasteurized food is safe to eat with practice of good food hygiene and using fresh, high quality ingredients - or else we wouldn't have sushi, rare steak or carpaccio!
Pasteurizing food cooked sous vide requires a minimum cooking temperature of 55°C (131°F). You

########
Rank: 24
Score: 22.609
Retrieved Text: If you've ever had a bout of food poisoning, chances are you'll do anything to avoid feeling such misery ever again. Bill Marler, an attorney who has worked on countless food-poisoning lawsuits, knows more than a thing or two about troublesome eats. In an article he posted to the Food Poisoning Journal, he shared which foods he'll never eat again.
Here's a list of the bites he avoids completely.
Raw Oysters – Due to warming waters, raw oysters are more vulnerable to microbial growth. You can guess what that means if you slurp those microbes down: foodborne illness.
Precut or Prewashed Fruits and Veggies – These convenient tubs of chopped veggies and fruits may save you some time and effort, but Marler warns it's not worth it. He suggests avoiding these "like the plague" because more people are handling and processing the food, increasing the chances of contamination.
Raw Sprouts – According to Business Insider, "sprout outbreaks are surprisingly common, with more than 30 bacterial outbreaks (primarily salmonella and E. coli) in the past two decades. Nope. Just nope.
Rare Meat – You may like your steak rare, but Marler won't order anything that isn't cooked medium-well or higher. He says that meat needs to be cooked to 160 degrees throughout in order to kill the bacteria that causes foodborne-illnesses.
Uncooked Eggs – While this one should be pretty obvious, the chances of getting food poisoning from raw eggs is apparently much lower today than it was two decades ago, according to Marler. Yet, after the salmonella epidemic of the '80s and

########
Rank: 25
Score: 22.53186
Retrieved Text: LD desitys and manufactures more than 20 years , High efficiency top quality automatic pasta maker machinery with cheap price line for the production of fresh pasta, dry and gluten free. Each line is desityed according to the specific plant requirements to optimize all phases of production of fresh pasta and includes automatic mixers, extruders, sheeters, moulders, pasteurizers, dryers and coolers.
The purpose of High efficiency top quality automatic pasta maker machinery with cheap price is the production, processing and packaging of food dough (which can be long and short) having a shelf life that generally ranges from a few weeks up to LDout three months. The product is realized by means of kneading and molding, which are different depending on the required format and the kind of pasta to be produced.
subsequently pasteurized to break down the bacterial load, dried to remove the moisture present in the cooled surface and to prevent that the bacteria can multiply. After undergoing the treatments, the product is weighed and packaged by thermoforming or vertical packaging. If necessary, the product after thepackcan be further treated to achieve a LD shelf life: the sterilization. In this case it is tranLDorted to the input of a static cell to undergo a second pasteurization and immediay after it is cooled by chiller.Is subsequently pasteurized to break down the bacterial load, dried to remove the moisture present in the cooled surface and to prevent that the bacteria can multiply. After undergoing the treatments, the product is weighed and packaged by thermoforming or vertical packaging. If

########
Rank: 26
Score: 22.501036
Retrieved Text: There is plenty of clinical and nutritional evidence that milk, this hailed "natural" drink, is the source of numerous immunological, gastrointestinal and perhaps neurological disorders. While it is important to acknowledge these facts, it is equally necessary to remember that the milk we are talking about is a highly processed industrial product that only remotely resembles the natural variety.
Depending on the pasteurization method, raw milk can be heated at 161 F up to 212 F for a few seconds (HTST, HHST protocols). The milk (or other liquid) is forced through narrow pipes or between metal plates, which are heated externally by hot water. Most pasteurization methods kill 99.99% of the microorganisms present in the milk, but not their spores. These products still require refrigeration, although they have significantly extended shelf life. On the contrary, ultra pasteurized products ( heated at 2750 F for 2 seconds) are basically sterilized and packaged (hermetically sealed) under aseptic conditions, which is why they can last for up to 6-9 months.
Unlike the health problems that commercial milk is causing, raw milk coming from pastured animals used to be widely accepted as an excellent natural therapy by medical doctors for a variety of diseases, such as diabetes, obesity, hypertension, heart disease and even cancer. The "milk diet" prescribed by doctors in the beginning of 20th century involved drinking exclusively up to 4 quarts of certified medicinal raw milk.
Naturopathic doctor Ron Schmidt in his incredible book "The Untold Story of Milk" presents extensive medical reports, according to which patients responded splendidly in raw

########
Rank: 27
Score: 22.487171
Retrieved Text: Yogurt can be made from skim (non-fat), reduced fat, or whole milk.As is true for all dairy products, but especially so for yogurt and other cultured milks, it is important to use good quality milk, free of antibiotics and other inhibitory substances. The first step (Figure 42) involves adding nonfat dry milk to the milk to increase the total solids to 12% to 13%, sometimes to as high as 15%.Alternatively, the total milk solids can be increased by concentrating the milk via evaporation. Other permitted ingredients (see below) may be added, and the mix (only if it contains fat) is then usually homogenized, although there are some specialty manufacturers that produce unhomoge-nized, cream-on-the-top whole milk versions.
Yogurt is considered a fluid milk product by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and must be made using pasteurized milk. However, most yogurt mixes receive a heat treatment well above that required for pasteurization. Thus, instead of pasteurizing milk for 71.7°C for 15 seconds (the minimum required), mixes are heated to between 85°C and 88°C for up to 30 minutes. Other time-temperature conditions can also be used, but kinetically they are usually equivalent. Heating can be done in batch mode (i.e., in vats), but continuous heating in plate or tube type heat exchangers is far more common.
The high temperature treatment not only satisfies all of the normal reasons for pasteurization (i.e., killing pathogens and spoilage organisms and inactivating enzymes), but these severe heating conditions also perform two additional functions. First, even heat-resistant bacteria and their spores are killed, making

########
Rank: 28
Score: 22.461784
Retrieved Text: Is unsaleable milk good enough for your calves?
Whole milk is a nutritious feed source for calves, but it also has limitations that must be handled properly.
The author is in the department of dairy science at Virginia Tech University in Blacksburg, Va.
Many dairies have adopted more progressive calf feeding programs where milk or milk replacer feeding rates have risen from 4 quarts per day to 8 quarts or more per day. The cash outlay for milk replacer (particularly those high-quality ones formulated for biologically normal feeding rates) has caused some producers to consider incorporating the use of unsaleable milk (USM) into their calf feeding programs.
Usually, USM is obtained from the second and greater milking that is not suitable for sale and also from cows treated with antibiotics. Before making the decision to replace a high-quality milk replacer with USM, several important factors should be considered and questions answered.
Remember that the calf is a young animal with a developing immune system that is very susceptible to respiratory and digestive disease. Risks involved in feeding USM must be considered when developing successful feeding programs for this young animal.
For starters, USM can be a source of pathogenic bacteria. This can be particularly problematic in farms purchasing animals of unknown health status. Several important diseases can be transmitted to calves during this early milk feeding period.
In addition to specific disease agents, consumption of milk with high bacteria counts is probably not conducive to calf health during the first few weeks of life when the bacterial flora of the young calf is

########
Rank: 29
Score: 22.275148
Retrieved Text: The food packaging industry has a number of aspects that may not be well-known to the general public, however the general public deserves to know about the materials used to transport and store their food! This is why we have created this short list of commonly asked questions and answers about food packaging. Read on to learn some valuable information about our industry.
What does the e-sign signify?
The e-sign found on many food labels is used to inform the consumer that the weight or volume of their chosen product is calculated at an average value. This is due to the fact that the machines that do the actual packaging of the food cannot always be completely accurate. This is especially true of products which are made up of various pieces (like a pizza with assorted toppings). Each product cannot contain the exact same number of pieces, and therefore will vary slightly in weight. The e-sign is used to indicate accepted legal average and margins of the particular product. It is not affiliated with E-numbers or additives in food.
What does the packaging really do for my food?
First and foremost, the packaging keeps the product contained, therefore protecting and preserving it against the elements, contamination, and damage. The packaging also functions to identify and describe the product, and allows an easy assessment of tampering. The outer packaging is imperative for transportation and storage of goods in stores and distribution centers.
Why so many options for materials in food packaging?
You may wish that your favorite snack came in a bag instead

================



======= Instance Index 41 =========
Input Text: A person is trapped in a cabin while it storms outside. The person knows it is storming because of

Which is the correct answer?
- the precipitation
- the sun
- the sea
- the stars

Target Text: the precipitation

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 32.08518
Retrieved Text: Has anyone ever left state with permission from PO while STIPULATION TO VIOLATION OF PROBATION (app to revoke) will drop 10/10/2018. PO said she cant leave because of this, But I'd like to see that in writing per law. She would be our nanny for 1 week, with us, in colo, at the cabin.
That's the rules everywhere. Permission is needed from the PO to leave the state. Not just that, when I had to go out-of-state for a family emergency, the PO had me fill out a form that listed the year, make, model & tag # of the vehicle, the address of where I was going (had to look that one up - it was a hospital), etc etc. After the PO signed it, I was given a copy and told to carry it with me (on my person) the entire time I was out-of-state.
mssirois, if it's a condition of probation, it probably isn't codified. It's just normal procedure, because probation/parole will almost always put those conditions on parolees/probationers. And they have a right to do whatever they deem in the best interest of the probationer and whatever minimizes the possibility of problems.
Every jurisdiction in which I have seen a sentence and judgment that included probation included, somewhere, the conditions imposed by the Court.
Leaving the State is very frequently cause for revocation where permission is not granted in advance. Some jurisdictions do not even allow someone to leave the COUNTY! The person on supervision KNOWS their rules of supervision.
"Community offenders (GPS, EMP, PPCS, etc.) are

########
Rank: 1
Score: 30.474876
Retrieved Text: Bus travel in TamilNadu, India.
While we were approaching Chennai, the bus driver suddenly applied the brakes, waking me up. I searched frantically for my cabin luggage and realized that it flew to the front. Then I realized that person on my right was on the bus' floor, trapped between the seats. I had to pull him up to get him upright.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.166367
Retrieved Text: One of the reasons why a piece of art stands above the rest, apart from inner inspiration and inherent gift, is the technique that the artist uses.
Successful artists have talents that not all of us possess. When an artist knows how to hone his talents to make it more valuable than the others, then he’s hit the pot of gold.
One such artist is the glass sculptor Jack Storms. In the field of glass artwork, Storms isn’t the first to popularize it, but his contributions to this art are enormous.
As early as the Middle Ages, glass was used as decorative windows for cathedrals. But Jack approaches this artistic technique in a divine way.
He opens our awareness to how a piece of glass can capture and exude beauty beyond our imagination.
What makes Jack Storms’ art different from other glass art geniuses is his method of glass sculpting.
According to Jack, he doesn’t use the traditional use of heat in glass artwork. Instead, he has a rare style of combining lead crystal and dichroic glass using a cold glass process.
He keeps grinding and polishing the glass until it fits his desired shape. This process may take more time, but for Jack, it doesn’t matter as long as the effects are brilliant.
One piece of art may take 8 to 18 weeks to complete from start to finish and may involve lots of labor, perfection, and tolerances being so tight.
But because Jack is in the pursuit of perfection, the process of polishing, administering the color, putting them all together, regrinding, and recutting

########
Rank: 3
Score: 29.818117
Retrieved Text: The item Blue lightning, Ann Cleeves represents a specific, individual, material embodiment of a distinct intellectual or artistic creation found in Arapahoe Library District.
Shetland Detective Jimmy Perez knows it will be a difficult homecoming when he returns to the Fair Isles to introduce his fiancee, Fran, to his parents. It's a community where everyone knows each other, and strangers, while welcomed, are still viewed with a degree of mistrust. Challenging to live on at the best of times, with the autumn storms raging the island feels cut off from the rest of the world. Trapped, tension is high and tempers become frayed. Enough to drive someone to murder.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.16519
Retrieved Text: A winter storm in New England can range from a moderate snowfall over a few hours to a chilling Nor’easter, bringing blizzard conditions with blinding wind-driven snow that lasts several days. People can become stranded in their automobiles or trapped at home, without utilities or other services. The aftermath of a winter storm can have an impact on a community or the entire region for days, weeks or even months. Storm effects in New England include large snow accumulation, extremely cold temperatures, heavy, wet snow or icing on trees and power lines, roof collapses, coastal flooding and beach erosion.
Winter storms are also deceptive killers because most deaths are indirectly related to the actual storm. The major causes are automobile or other transportation accidents, exhaustion and heart attacks caused by overexertion, "freezing to death" and asphyxiation from improper heating sources. House fires occur more frequently in the winter due to lack of proper safety precautions when using alternate heating sources, like unattended fires and space heaters.
"As with most potential disasters, preparedness, monitoring the media and common sense can minimize the danger to you and your family,” states Massachusetts Emergency Management (MEMA) Agency Director Kurt Schwartz.
MEMA's website has information on how to prepare your family and home for the winter season, automobile and driving safety, ice safety, protecting your pets, responding to power outages, extreme temperatures, roof collapse and recovering from a winter storm.
Those who already have a winter supply kit, as MEMA continues to recommend, are ahead of the curve. However, it is important to check your

########
Rank: 5
Score: 28.938337
Retrieved Text: Shame storm. Or 1984’s two minutes hate. Or just another day in social media.
We are seeing an increasing number of shame storms in social media. The goal of a shame storm is to severely rebuke and embarrass someone who stepped out of line. Doesn’t matter if the person loses a job and is emotionally destroyed as a result. As long as the instigator and following mob have a good time, they don’t care.
I discussed this issue earlier: Be careful on the ‘net. It is cruel and unforgiving. Draw wrong attention and you get dissected, then shamed.
Here are two more articles on shame storming.
4/20 – About Last Night – The shame sharks – Terry Teachout suggests that yes, he does self-censor what he says, or what is called crimestop in the novel 1984.That is the ability to intuitively stop yourself before you even think something that will be considered unacceptable. The goal in the totalitarian world of 1984 is to self-censor without even realizing you are doing so.
Why does he crimestop himself?
Because we are today, right now, living in that horrid world described in 1984. Get caught expressing a sufficiently unacceptable thought and the flashmobs will gather in the social media world to shred you. Just like the 2 Minutes Hate in the novel.
He has some ideas on how to be careful on-line.
…but never forget that the sharks of cyberspace lie in wait to bite your hand off. They don’t care about you. … What they want, ever and always, is power, and they’ll happily eat you

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.838758
Retrieved Text: A winter storm can range from moderate snow over a few hours to blizzard conditions with blinding wind-driven snow that last several days. Some winter storms may be large enough to affect several states while others may affect only a single community.
All winter storms are accompanied by low temperatures and blowing snow, which can severely reduce visibility. A severe winter storm is one that drops 4 or more inches of snow during a 12-hour period, or 6 or more inches during a 24-hour span.
An ice storm occurs when freezing rain falls from clouds and freezes immediately on impact. All winter storms make driving and walking extremely hazardous.
The aftermath of a winter storm can impact a community or region for days, weeks, and even months. Storm effects such as extreme cold, flooding, and snow accumulation can cause hazardous conditions and hidden problems for people in the affected area.
A major winter storm can last for several days and be accompanied by high winds, freezing rain or sleet, heavy snowfall, and extremely cold temperatures. People can become stranded on the road or trapped at home, without utilities or other services. The best protection against severe winter weather is to stay inside and to dress warmly by wearing loose-fitting, layered, lightweight clothing.
A serious danger during a winter storm is hypothermia - a condition brought on when the body temperature drops because of prolonged exposure to extreme cold. Hypothermia is not always fatal, but for those who survive there are likely to be lasting kidney, liver, and pancreatic problems.
Heavy snowfall and

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.679098
Retrieved Text: Here I am, 26 year old Girl who is still afraid of the dark. You might ask how is this possible? Well my answer is that living in the city there is never truly darkness. This may sound like a sad excuse for avoiding the fact that I never pushed myself to face my fear's and that exactly what it was, an excuse.
Coming to the Chilcotin mountains and living in the wilderness was and still is about finding myself, pushing my boundaries, chasing down my fears and looking it in the face. Since being here, I have been doing just that; finding out what I am made of. Walking around the ranch at night without a flash light, and just standing outside in the dark has been my recipe for conquering this fear of the dark.
Going to Spruce Lake and with a cabin in the middle of the mountains surrounded by trees, water and fresh air, I thought that this would be the best place to test my hard work. I would like to point out here that beside myself there is only one other person with me and the wash room is a three minute walk in pitch dark through the tree's.
On our third night at the cabin, around 2 am, nature called and I got up to answer. My guide was asleep beside me and I didn't want to wake her so I slowly crept out of my sleeping bag crawled over to the stairs all the while reassuring myself that I knew how

########
Rank: 8
Score: 28.544867
Retrieved Text: Energy or "life force" is all around us. Everything on the planet is made up of electromagnetic energy vibrating at different frequencies that align with color, light and sound. Many traditions believe that "life force" extends throughout the Universe and each person is part of the whole. Most Eastern philosophies share this common belief of universal spirit and connection. The Chinese refer to this energy as Chi or Prana in Hindu, present in every living thing. The human body is made up of pure energy with an energy field unique to each person. Each of us has a network of energy flowing through our meridians or energetic pathways to maintain good health.
Often stressful times can play havoc on our emotions which can have a profound effect on the body. Both thoughts and emotions are energy, each vibrating at their own frequency. Sometimes emotions can be felt and processed immediately, while others get too intense and remain stuck inside our energy field as emotional baggage. Trapped emotions can occur at any age, can be absorbed from another person or can be inherited. These emotions are often the underlying cause of such feelings as depression, anger, anxiety or low self-esteem.
Energy healing is based on establishing an energetic connection to release emotional blockages or trapped emotions. Energy healing does not diagnose or treat illness or disease. Instead energy healing restores energetic balance, honoring the basic tenet for blissful health. Since our energy fields are part of an interconnected whole, the use of focused intention by one individual can aid

########
Rank: 9
Score: 28.025866
Retrieved Text: How often do you consider what is happening to the underwater wildlife? It isn’t always visible because of the water itself blocking that visibility. But underwater wildlife are having their own challenges and those challenges often affect us or will affect us in the future.
It isn’t something to be ignored. They are part of this vast world we live in and may have a role that is as significant as yours in the scheme of things. Often we don’t know our own value let alone the value of others and other species specifically.
When I do a healing, I encompass the totality of the story or memories of my clients. We include past, present and future and every person, place or thing involved in the scenario we clear. All family and ancestors are also included. Occasionally there is a story of a ship, a mermaid or other scenario including the sea. When we do a clearing, all are included and all benefit.
When I was guided to put together this cruise, I didn’t know then how much the heavens wanted to use it as a vehicle to support underwater life. We opened the first morning session during our first cruise to bring everyone present to heal anything that was causing them stress so they could fully enjoy the cruise. We also included the oceans. That same thoroughness I do in my regular clearings, I applied here in this group session.
The healing took on a life of its own and it became evident that the angels had a bigger

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.724491
Retrieved Text: Everyone is against child abuse, but it feels like everyone has this picture in their minds of a drunk man breaking a beer bottle on his three-year-old’s head and knocking them unconscious/murdering them in the process or something as extreme and obviously physically violent as humanly possible, but in reality it is not often that black-and-white, not often that obviously horrible, but it *is* horrible, even in other forms. It often is… insidious, and the culture at large doesn’t seem to realize that.
I personally felt trapped in my abusive relationship with my mother for a variety of reasons, but one of the main reasons I felt trapped was because I was trapped. There were not black eyes and broken bones, and I felt like without that kind of “proof” of a parent’s abuse, no one would have the “right” to save me from living with my mother. So I tried to convince myself the abuse wasn’t really that bad, as is common in the cycle of abuse. But if I’d truly had the freedom to walk away, the way people in abusive romantic relationships have that relative “freedom”, who knows if the cycle of abuse would apply to me in the same way? 😛 It might’ve. Fearing that no one else will love you, fearing (or knowing!) that the person will still be in your life regardless of if you break up because they go to the same school or work in the same office or whatever… (and as a side-note, the fandom-obsessed person I am

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.62671
Retrieved Text: strange in human history, in fact, somebody somewhere has a more terrible situation. So get up and stop pitying yourself. Stop thinking that God has forgotten you or that He is unfaithful to you.
I need you to know that no matter what happens to you in life, God is God and He is good. So stop judging God unfaithful over your circumstances. You are not the first to go through it and you won't be the last.
No storm is meant to kill you. The way you handle them will determine the outcome. For instance, someone is going through a very difficult time in marriage or finance, and such a person stops praying because he or she thinks God does not hear prayers anymore. In fact, maybe the person thinks going to church is a waste of time. At that moment, such an individual has opened the door of his or her life to the devil to take charge of the situation that is bad already, and when the devil does take charge, I tell you, he is without mercy, and will finish such a person.
Storms of life are meant to polish your view about life, situations and your view about how God works in ways beyond our imagination. For instance, it might take somebody somewhere having an ailment to appreciate know that God is indeed able to heal and restore him or her. Such a person would appreciate LIFE by the time they recover from it. You know sometimes we take life for granted, we think

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.557407
Retrieved Text: you should not waste any more time of you have been planning on building a log cabin because you are running out of time What you need to do is to get everything ready to start the process of building your log cabin. The dream of having the cabin home is yours, and it is only you with the power to make your dreams come true. Find a good person who has the experience in log cabin building for best results. The guidelines below will help you to get the cabin you have always dreamed of. View here for more.
You can make your cabin look better by constructing many small rooms. You will be able to enjoy more when you have various cabins that only one big cabin. When the cabin have been petitioned it will be easy for each person to have their privacy. The reason is that every member of your family will have their cabin that they will feel more comfortable in there. You make the people you are living with to have their security because each have their room that they can control who to let in or out. You can step aside one cabin to be the living room together with kitchen. In that way you will even have more space in your cabin that when it is one big room.
Ensure that you choose a location that will be good for your log cabin. You need to confirm a few things about the site that you are planning on building your

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.540443
Retrieved Text: Exclusive Offer with Action Tours Big Bear!!!
Destination Big Bear has an exclusive offer with Action Tours Big Bear for our guests. This is an offer that is only available when booking a cabin rental through Destination Big Bear. You will not find this amazing deal anywhere else!
If you book a vacation rental in Big Bear with us right now, Action Tours Big Bear will throw in this exclusive offer= 15% off per person AND the 8th person in your party is free, on your choice of one of their four popular tours.
Imagine soaring through the forest on a thrilling zipline course. Or perhaps, you’d like to slow it down and get a bird’s eye view of Big Bear while working through a challenging tree rope climb course. For those who prefer to stay on the ground, Action Tours offers a guided Segway Tour of Big Bear. As soon as the snow arrives, you can also choose a snowshoe tour. Action Tours Big Bear has an adventure for most people in your group and with this exclusive offer, there is no better time to get outside and enjoy our beautiful mountain.
Fall is the perfect season to plan your escape. To book your Big Bear cabin rental and take advantage of this exclusive offer, please call – 909.752.0234.
Next story Spartans: Why a Cabin?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.523191
Retrieved Text: There could be a number of scenarios where you suddenly find your business without a procurement leader in place. That person might have quit without notice, pursued a different career path, or maybe needs to leave work for an extended period of time because of an emergency personal situation or medical condition.
Whatever the reason happens to be, what your business knows is that it needs someone to lead its procurement group and you needed them yesterday. In the meantime, everyone’s workflow is disrupted, productivity is impacted, and customers are getting upset. You don’t have time to run that aspect of your business yourself, and other employees don’t have the time to work their own jobs and someone else’s too. Without a leader in place, you run the risk of missing critical objectives, derailing key initiatives and impacting your company’s productivity. Don’t leave your business at risk when you are without a Chief Procurement Officer.
AES Consulting helps businesses trapped in this situation by connecting them with a temporary procurement leader. We possess an extensive network of qualified professionals who help you keep things operating as smoothly as possible. Who knows, this person may ultimately become your permanent procurement leader!
If you need help finding a qualified procurement leader and quickly restore order to the group, contact AES Consulting at 609-306-8176 or use our online form.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.502357
Retrieved Text: Cabin Fever is the term for a reaction that takes place when a person or group is isolated or shut in a small space with nothing to do for an extended period. In this week's program, Dr. Reminga talks about what happens when our feet feel cooped up in heavy socks and winter boots. Sort of like 'Cabin Fever' for our feet! When feet are bound up and confined all winter long... there are issues and foot problems that can occur as a result. Problems like foot fungus, athlete's foot, dry skin, cracked skin, foot odor, as well as... plantar fasciitis, heel pain, and arch pain can all result from a long winter of cold weather where feet are trapped by socks, boots, under blankets, and in heated places. Shake off your feet's 'Cabin Fever' by listening to today's program.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.49531
Retrieved Text: A forest green 1995 Chevy van was stolen last Friday morning. The owner of the van, a Lakeview amputee, says the thief, or thieves, ignored a handicapped windshield decal, a fold-up wheelchair in the back seat and crutches in the front seat. The young woman on a fixed income says she purchased the used van so that she could get around. And now she feels trapped and lost without it.
"I am disabled so you would not think anybody would do anything like this to a disabled person," Williams said.
Williams, 34, sits on her motorized wheel chair outside of her Lakeview apartment hoping someone will see the sign she has posted in the handicapped parking space where her van was stolen on Friday morning. She has a migraine and has been crying for days because she feels lost without the use of her van.
"It was my lifeline to the world, it's how I get around go shopping, do everyday normal things like everybody else," said Williams.
Williams' right leg was amputated six months ago. The former steelworker was injured in a freak accident. She fell from a fourth floor apartment window while installing an air conditioner. After years of painful surgeries she decided on amputation. She moved to the Lakeview community so she could be closer to her doctors. She begs the thief to return her van.
"I am supposed to be in therapy right now and I'm sitting here because I cannot go anywhere, I am stuck. I need my vehicle back, it is the most important thing

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.476524
Retrieved Text: This cabin is one of our most popular, especially for larger families or groups looking for many options in sleeping arrangements. There are 3 bedrooms each with its own sink and vanity. A spacious living room includes a double fold out futon and a gas fireplace. Additionally, there is a bunk bed located in an alcove outside of the bedrooms, providing additional bed space if needed. While the location of the cabin is right along Taylor River Road (CR 742), there is a nice deck area outside the back door of the cabin with a picnic table, charcoal grill and fire pit.
•	Parking is available on both sides of the cabin. Generally, the space will fit 2-3 vehicles and a trailer. Additional vehicles and longer trailers may require parking separate from the cabin and fees may apply. Parking along the road in front of this cabin is hazardous and not recommended.
Nightly rate is based on 6 people. There is an additional fee of $10/person/night for extra persons (ages 7 and over). Maximum occupancy is 12.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.329489
Retrieved Text: It is an unfortunate reality that your pet could be at risk of becoming separated from you while they are outside. When this happens, individuals may assume that there is little hope of recovering their pet, and this is especially true when the animal was not wearing anything that could easily identify it.
While you may assume that a collar with a pet tag on it will be sufficient, it can be easy for these collars to be removed from the pet. Luckily, it is possible to have a microchip implanted just below the pet's skin, and this chip will contain the contact information for the pet's owners along with any critical medical concerns that the pet will need to have met. By having this information in the chip, you may be able to greatly improve the odds that the animal will be returned to you.
During the spring and summer, your pet may get extremely hot or otherwise uncomfortable while it is outside. This can make the animal more likely to wander to areas where it should not be. You can minimize the risk of the animal leaving to find more comfortable surroundings by taking the time to create an area in the yard that will have everything the animal needs to stay comfortable on a hot day. This should include ample shade and water. When choosing a location, be particularly mindful of the shade as it can change as the sun moves across the sky.
The warmer months can be prone to strong storms that can cause

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.28271
Retrieved Text: While weather can be predicted at a fairly successful rate, where you’re at and what you’re doing can have an effect on what you should do in order to stay safe. This is a major concern when camping in an RV because there are certain things you need to do in order to stay safe as possible when it storms. Below is some advice on what safety precautions you should take when traveling in an RV and bad weather strikes.
When a bad storm looks like its moving in on your camp site, one of the first things you should do is put the RV’s awning up. This will help prevent possible damage to it, as well as eliminate a potential lightning conductor. Next step is to pack up everything you have outside and put in a storage area either inside or on the exterior storage spaces. You’ll want to do this because it can be difficult to locate items that might get swept away by the wind. After all that is done, your best option is to simply wait the storm out in the comfort of the RV. However, if the storm is severe enough that a tornado is possible, you should seek shelter right away, but not in the RV. RV’s are vulnerable to being picked up and thrown in the case a tornado touches down close to you. The best place for you to go and take cover is the campgrounds clubhouse, or the nearest ditch if you have no time to get to

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.244328
Retrieved Text: Our Board & Train Programs... How exactly does that work?
I sometimes get asked about what happens during a board and train program. Just as with people and how they interact on a team, your dog becomes part of my team, and we go through the stages of human-canine (interspecies, if you will) team development. The Forming–Storming–Norming–Performing model of group development for people was first proposed by Bruce Tuckman in 1965. So, let’s see how we’ve applied it to training your dog.
I get to know your dog and your dog gets to know me. I once sat outside under a canopy while it was raining for an hour and a half with a new trainee because she was fearful and would not come near me. You do whatever it takes to earn the dog’s trust, or you simply cannot move through the process.
I teach your dog is taught what is expected, but he doesn’t necessarily like it. Once we are past forming, I can begin to instruct your dog on what to do and not to do. Some dogs are extremely stubborn, and others not so much.
Your dog and I come to an understanding of how our relationship is supposed to work. Your dog knows the commands and expected behavior, and although he might be pretty good at it, there is still work to be done to make it consistent.
Your dog and I act as sort of a team. It’s like a quarterback calling the plays and the wide retriever… oops, receiver, running the correct routes. I’m

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.207006
Retrieved Text: This winter, so far, has merrily trapped many of us in our homes, putting storms and freezing rained upon roads outside, making our lights and hearts dim.
I’m fortunate enough to have lots of warm accommodation, complete with hot and cold running cat, but I am restless still. Because I am having leg issues with my MS, the prospect of walking around on slippery sidewalks doesn’t appeal, and my view is impaired by fog and blowing snow.
So feeling a bit restless and trapped. Fretful. In need of sun and fresh veggies and fresh air.
Tomorrow, after the drenching rain, the air is supposed to clear and get warm.
We’re getting hit again in Eastern Ontario. Winter in Canada, eh?

########
Rank: 22
Score: 27.133944
Retrieved Text: Infrared Treatment. Something you should know about?
For many years the benefits of saunas have been known. Traditional saunas use steam in order to heat the air. The steam and the air then heat the user.
More recently, the benefits of infrared treatment(IR saunas) are promoted heavily. The heaters in an infrared sauna emit far infrared heat to directly heat the user rather than heating the air.
The reason that IR saunas are supposed to be good for the health is that the infrared rays supposedly knock toxins loose from fat cells in the body. Then these toxins are released when you sweat. This helps to detoxify the body. Infrared treatment also is supposed to help stimulate the immune system, aid in weight loss, and aid in pain relief.
IR sauna therapy also assists in weight loss. This is because the infrared rays penetrate into the body. A heating effect is caused in the organs and the muscles, which will make you sweat. Infrared treatment makes the heart pump faster and your body is working like when you are having a workout. Except, you are relaxing and rejuvenating. However, it is important to note that most of the weight will be regained after you drink again because weight is lost through sweat. Drink a lot of water before treatment and that way you will not become dehydrated and will truly lose weight and not be fooled by losing the weight that is lost liquid just to gain it back with a drink or two.
The effect of infrared treatment on skin

########
Rank: 23
Score: 27.093287
Retrieved Text: A new LitRPG adventure from the imagination of USA Today bestselling author Kevin McLaughlin!
More than just a game, Valhalla Online was designed as a permanent repository for the uploaded minds of mortals afraid of death. An artificial afterlife. Samantha’s world is turned upside-down when she arrives in Valhalla – because as far as she knows, she isn’t like the other people uploaded there.
She isn’t dead. At least…she hopes she isn’t!
Now Sam must solve the mystery of her own abduction – or murder! – while trapped inside a virtual world, cut off from communication with the outside. To do this she must do more than simply survive Valhalla Online.
She needs to win the game!
A rogue soldier meets a reluctant heiress as a powerful amulet turns the world upside down. The ancient artifact permanently attaches itself to Addie, and Clark — whose mission it was to steal it — must now protect her as more sinister men are willing to kill her to get to the amulet. Sea trains, an island empire, mechanical monsters, and a mysterious, powerful amulet — The World Apart Series builds a world of wonder and adventure you don’t want to miss.
Honestly, it’s kind of gross.
Madison Fox is shocked when she learns her soul sight is more than a distasteful affliction: It’s a weapon for battling evil. Wicked creatures are devouring the souls of defenseless, ordinary people in her city—people unable to see or even sense the vile beasts. And the only other person who can fight back is ready to skip town.
Roped into

########
Rank: 24
Score: 27.071781
Retrieved Text: BILL ANNOUNCES: Straydog Radio Show covering the events of Wednesday, March 30, 2016. This is Bill and Juana here on Thursday night and we are going to try to do two shows.
It rained all day Wednesday, the forecast called for big storms and some hail. The storms were coming from the west – through Dallas and towards us. We did get hail and it was very small. The hail was smaller than a dime. It was pea-sized and it hurt when it hit us. As soon as it hit the ground you couldn’t see it anymore. You could feel it but it melted very quickly. We were up against the rain and bad storms all day long. They were little-bitty storms and then they would form into big storms. Then they would disappear and it would start again an hour later. That happened all day long. The worst part was that it scared the dogs all day long. There was a lot of thunder. Terry was absolutely terrified. Bunny was too. Even Rosita and Big Boy get so very nervous and I have to bring them indoors. They wouldn’t even get in their shelter. They were running around looking for a place to hide.
Bunny on the left, and Rosita & Big Boy on the right, were so nervous because of the storms they had to come inside. They felt a little better safe in their crates.
They liked being inside and I covered them with a sheet in their crate and they felt a little better. Rudy

########
Rank: 25
Score: 27.05026
Retrieved Text: This isn't Granny’s, outdated, plastic-covered couch, Big Bear cabin. My husband and I spent our time curating comfy furniture with a modern and relaxing cabin vibe. Our cabin will cater to that modern, comfy cabin feel for you and your significant other, you and your family, or you and your friends.
My husband and I purchased this home so that we can share it with our future children one day. The previous owners were ‘Super Hosts,’ and we will maintain the same five-star experience. We welcome you with open arms and would love to have you and yours, stay in our cozy cabin.
Follow along on Instagram: @thebearhaus. Post your pics in front of our signature red ‘Bear Head’ photo wall and we’ll post you on our account!
Spacious and warm, walk out on the large front outside decks (upstairs and downstairs) to enjoy the ‘slopes view’ while relaxing with some morning coffee. Spend the day in the snow, or spend the day warm and cozy by the fire, cooking up yummy treats in the kitchen.
The kitchen is fully stocked with all the pots, pans, dishes, and silverware you'll need - just bring your ingredients and get cooking. Enjoy your meal inside where there is comfortable seating for everyone (four person table with eight additional folding chairs). When the weather is nice, walk outside the sliding patio glass door to eat surrounded by the towering pines on the large front deck. While the bathrooms haven't been completely renovated yet, we've upgraded each with an incredibly relaxing handheld massage showerhead

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.965443
Retrieved Text: This is a placeholder page for Leslie Storms, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Leslie Storms.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Leslie Storms. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Leslie Storms. We created this page automatically in hopes Leslie Storms would find it. If you are not Leslie Storms, but are an alumni of Blue Ridge High School Lakeside, AZ, register on this site for free now.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.932917
Retrieved Text: An Iraqi War vet and the woman he inadvertently kidnaps become trapped not only with each other but their own personal demons as the worst snow storms in history isolate them in a cabin in the woods.
Perfect Raffle Prizes & More!
About the Cast and Crew of "My Fellow Creatures"
HIGH HURDLES - A Non-Profit Worth Supporting!
MANY THANKS to all who attended these last 3 days for the show!
Enjoy some last day photos from us and see you all next time!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.896143
Retrieved Text: Stay dry, sleep well, and camp happy in a Columbia Cougar Flats Tent.
Learn why families love 2 room, Columbia Cougar Flats ii cabin tents with user reviews.
It's rare at Camping Tent Reviews to review a luxurious family shelter that's both affordable and receives dozens of 5 star ratings by consumers.
When we do, we make sure to give the tent it's proper due--the Columbia Cougar Flats Cabin Tent is one of those shelters.
With 2 rooms, huge square footage, and excellent ventilation, the foundation is set for this to be a great family camping tent. Add in all the extra amenities designed to make your trip more enjoyable and you have one of the best family cabin tents ever made.
The thing to remember is this: Columbia Cougar Flats Tents provide everything you need in a tent for family camping, while being lighter on the wallet than competing brands, such as Eureka tents.
Pack Size: 22.55" by 7"
The specifications of the Columbia Cougar Flats ii Cabin Tent are the same as the original Columbia Cougar Flats Tent. It is just the newer model.
Families in need of a dome style cabin tent for camping cannot go wrong the Cougar Flats by Columbia. Need a quick reason why: no other tent has as many positive reviews by consumers.
Here are specific advantages: First off, the Cougar Flats cabin tent is huge. 150 square feet and two rooms ensures every family member will get their much needed privacy while camping.
8 people in one tent can get stuffy without proper ventilation. But with the Cougar

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.822948
Retrieved Text: Why Most Businesses Cannot Be Sold and What You Can Do About It ….
Most businesses cannot be sold because they never get out of the Storming stage.
There are 4 distinct phases in business, and the Storming stage is phase 2.
There was a well known professor named Bruce Tuckman, who identified four distinct phases of team development: forming, storming, norming, and performing. … Tuckman proposed that all are inevitable and even necessary parts of a successful team’s evolution.
These phases also exist in business, and unfortunately, most businesses cannot be sold because they never get out of the Storming stage.
I explain it in the video and tie it in with The 5 Fundamental Elements of Every Successful and Sellable Business.
“Entrepreneurs work hard – sacrificing their time, family, friends, and lord knows what else.
I mean, we really work our tails off and the last thing any of us want to do after all of our hard work and sacrifice is end up being forced to close the doors in a liquidation sale. Or worse, when the time comes, end up selling the business for pennies on the dollar.
This video reveals why most businesses cannot be sold and what you can do about it.
I hope you enjoy it – if you have questions, you can Contact Me By Clicking This Link.
Will Amazon Sell Business Brokerage Services?

================



======= Instance Index 42 =========
Input Text: Which would best store new whale offspring?

Which is the correct answer?
- large egg carton
- large aquarium
- bag
- mud hole

Target Text: large aquarium

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 23.52755
Retrieved Text: Full details of the Offspring January sale appear below with start and end dates where available. The information is not just restricted to their 'Jan sale' however - we display info on their Boxing Day 2019 sale and 2020 New Year and Winter clearances. This is usually the biggest online clearance at Offspring and represents the best opportunity to find the biggest deals & bargains in their online store.
Information for the Offspring 2019/20 January Sale will appear here shortly. Please tell us if this event has already started.
So, you grabbed lots of Offspring bargains for your friends & family's Christmas presents while at the same time noting down a few things you thought would make fantastic Boxing Day deals for yourself. So all you need now is information on the 2019 boxing day sale at Offspring start time and what you can expect to save. Well you're on the right web site as our Boxing Day Sales Page is dedicated to collating just that information for Offspring and many other favourite retailers and travel agents.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.749592
Retrieved Text: The seasonal loss of ice in the Arctic which scientists believe will eventually lead to ice-free summers could have both beneficial and negative effects for the mammals that have over millennia adapted to life in the cold and harsh environment, according to a new research paper published in the December 15 issue of the journal Nature.
Bears, whales, seals and other mammals have for a long time been locked behind the ice, away from cousins who never developed the necessary traits to survive in the Arctic climate.
Marine mammalogist and first author Brendan Kelly of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s marine mammal lab in Juneau, with conservation geneticist Andrew Whiteley of the University of Massachusetts Amherst and evolutionary biologist David Tallmon of the University of Alaska, looked at the effect the extinction of the sea-ice would have on the inhabitants of the once ice-locked region. They found that some mammals could disappear entirely, while others would lose the adaptive gene combinations which allowed them to thrive.
While hybridization — the intermixing of gene combinations between two similar but different species of animal — might have immediate beneficial effects for the first generation of offspring, later generations will be the ones to suffer as they lose the ability to live in the climate their ancestors had once lived in.
Already there are hybrid mammals wandering the Arctic, like the white bear with brown patches that was shot by hunters in 2006 and was later confirmed to be a polar bear-grizzly bear hybrid.
Enough of this sort of breeding, however, can eventually

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.550692
Retrieved Text: Offspring has been the leader of the UK sneaker market since its launch in 1996, evolving with the manifesto to fill a large gap in the market for fashion sportswear, priding itself on being a 'Sneaker Boutique'. The first store being Neal Street in London’s Covent Garden where its conception was developed on both the premises that the trainers were at the forefront of design, and also the original Offspring stores themselves - creating a revolutionary and unique shopping experience in the UK.
Offspring proved to be a hit with the brand launching four further stand alone across the UK. Ten years after those first launches Offspring landed in Selfridges currently with four concessions in all nationwide stores (London, Birmingham, Manchester and Trafford Centre), including women’s only store in Selfridges London and Topshop Oxford Circus London.
Offspring.co.uk relaunched in early 2013 which mirrors the original Offspring approach, raising accessibility to the best trainers in the market.
Sorry there are currently no active discount codes for Offspring. View our active discount code directory.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.26265
Retrieved Text: Icelandic whaling company Hvalur hf have recently started their annual hunt of fin whales. On 7th July, workers were seen bringing a huge, blue-coloured whale ashore to be processed. Thanks to observers from environmental group Sea Shepherd who saw the whale being taken ashore at the Hvalur facility, a group of international scientists demanded confirmation of the species. A DNA test was conducted by the Icelandic government's Marine and Freshwater Research Institute confirmed the whale is a hybrid, resulting from the offspring of a female blue whale and a male fin whale. Iceland does not offer hunting permits for this species of whale and researchers say these hybrids are rare and trading their meat is illegal.
Despite their status as endangered species, Iceland continues to hunt fin whales in order to export the meat to Japan. Not only are fin whales protected, this incident shows that whalers lack the knowledge to 'safely' target the 'correct' species. We must stop Iceland from continuing the fin whale hunt.
Project Jonah has written a letter to the Icelandic Prime Minister demanding she changes the law in order to ban the hunting of all whale species, and we have also sent a separate letter to New Zealand's representative to the International Whaling Commission, Amy Laurenson.
Commissioner Laurenson has provided a strong and consistent voice against commercial whaling, and we want to show her the strength of feeling is still present in New Zealand when it comes to this issue. With the Iceland incident fresh in our minds and Japan pushing to relax laws

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.250555
Retrieved Text: A new algorithm helps to identify the language of each pod of whales. Bill Condie reports.
It is only in the past few years that we discovered whales have different “dialects”, depending on where they come from.
While they all speak “whale” – the loud clicking, whistling and buzzing sounds with which the animals communicate – each pod uses variations unique to that group.
Scientists say the differences are similar to the way humans from a specific location or tribal group will have their own vocabulary, grammar, and pronunciation.
And as with humans, whales learn their “dialects” as a result of the culture in which they grow up, previous studies suggest.
But while it is easy for us to determine is some comes from Scotland or Texas, it has been hard for us to determine what manner of clicking comes from which pod of whales.
A team of physicists and biologists from Ocean Sounds in Norway, Germany’s Max Planck Institute, and the University of Göttingen, has now developed an objective statistical method for analysing whale sounds.
“Previous studies have classified whale vocalisations mainly based on how humans perceive sounds or which aspects of a sound spectrum they find important, so they may be overlooking audio features that only whales are attuned to,” the paper says.
The team followed six separate groups of long-finned pilot whales, through the waters off the coast of Norway, and recorded several hundred calls from each group.
Instead of individual call identification, the team analysed all calls recorded from a group, quantifying how the sound characteristics changed over time.
The results showed

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.808838
Retrieved Text: Ghost Whale is an independent beer and culture store located at 70 Atlantic Road, Brixton, London. Our aim to provide the best local, national and international craft beer for everyone in a friendly, fun neighbourhood shop. We’ve curated an evolving stock list of over 300 different beers, ciders and more in cans, bottles and growlers all inspired by our passion for music, art and travel.
Leave us your details to stay up to date on new beers, events and all the goings on at Ghost Whale.
You’ll also join our in-store loyalty scheme – “Hail the Hops” where each purchase will gain you some store credit that you can spend with us whenever you like.
Subscribe to our newsletter to stay up-to-date with all the latest beer releases we have in stock, events and all other Ghost Whale happenings.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.747154
Retrieved Text: The great annual grey whale migration is one of the most extraordinary migrations on the planet. Their journey begins in the Arctic, and they travel a distance of over 6,200 miles to reach the southern Baja California lagoons to perform their reproduction cycle and nurse their calves. They bear their calves every other year, alternating each year between mating and birthing.
An adult whale measures between 46 and 55 feet and weighs up to 88 tons. A baby whale size at birth is between 13 and 17 feet long and weighs from 1.6 to 2.2 tons. At the end of lactation (around 6-9 months) they weigh around 17.5 tons. It is said that the whales possess a strong maternal instinct and that the relation with their offspring is close and sensitive.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.594662
Retrieved Text: The newborn whale broke the surface belly up and researchers were able to identify it as female.
A pod of endangered killer whales welcomed a newborn into the family a few days before the start of 2015, and researchers have now determined that the baby is a female.
Scientists first spotted the newborn killer whale on Dec. 30, 2014, in the Gulf Island archipelago, but now the baby has been spotted again, and it appears happy and healthy. Researchers were able to identify the whale's gender while it was playing and skimmed the surface with its belly up.
Newborns typically stick close to their mothers, but baby-sitting is not unusual within a pod of killer whales, so researchers have not been able to determine who the mother is yet.
Ken Balcomb, a scientist at the Center for Whale Research in Friday Harbor, Washington, first spotted the baby whale swimming alongside a 43-year-old female named J-16, who has successfully given birth to three calves during her lifetime. However, if J-16 is the mother, it would contradict what scientists know about killer whale fertility. At 43 years old, J-16 is past the age that researchers believe is possible for killer whales to still produce offspring.
The other possible mother is one of J-16's previous calves, named J-36. Researchers have been hoping 16-year-old J-36 would have her first calf soon, but she was not spotted anywhere nearby on Dec. 30 when researchers first noticed the newborn.
The new killer whale (or orca, as the whales are also known) has been christened J-50, and she is

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.533434
Retrieved Text: MGM's silent programmers were often more elaborate than the "A" product from most other studios, and The Barrier was no exception. Norman Kerry plays a Virginian blueblood who comes to the North Woods. Here he falls in love with Marceline Day, the daughter of Henry B. Walthall. Only she's not really Walthall's daughter, but instead the offspring of evil Lionel Barrymore. The Rex Beach story upon which The Barrier was based ended on a sorrowful note; not so this 1926 film version, which in addition to sending the audience home happy also featured a whale of an ice-floe finale.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.251421
Retrieved Text: Feme: Whale hunting in Brazil and what we didn’t learn from it!
Whale hunting in Brazil and what we didn’t learn from it!
To this day, our knowledge on Brazilian whale hunting is still blurred, only few articles and books approach this subject and even those leave tremendous gaps about an activity that is supposed to have killed more than 4 thousand whales per year along the Brazilian coast in its prime years. Although it may sound bizarre for the younger ears, whale hunting only ended in Brazil in 1986. With such a recent past we may wonder if we have learned anything from an activity that almost drove many whale species to extinction that may help us avoid the same mistake with other species.
Even though there is no definitive evidence, some researchers believe that the first indigenous living in Brazil also hunted coastal whales, prior to the arrival of the Portuguese. However, large-scale whaling only began after 1602, when Portugal issued the first whaling license for Brazil. The first whaling installation was built in the island of Itaparica, Bahia state, followed by several others from the south to the north coast (states of Rio de Janeiro, São Paulo, Santa Catarina and Paraíba). In the next two centuries whales, mainly southern right whale, were exploited without any kind of control. In its first years, 3 to 4 thousand whales, mainly southern right female whales with offspring, are estimated to have been annually killed. The massacre of the adult reproductive females and their calves could not have a different

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.131008
Retrieved Text: What is a Southern Bottlenose Whale?
Fresh squid used for calamari.
Squid is believed to be the primary diet of the southern bottlenose whale.
Native to the southern hemisphere, the southern bottlenose whale has a pointed, beak-like snout similar to that of a dolphin. The upper body is dark gray to brown with a pale underside. The southern bottlenose whale inhabits deep waters, far out in the open sea, deeper than 3,280 feet (1,000 m). This species usually measures between 20 feet (6 m) and 27 feet (8 m), and is estimated to weigh between 6.6 tons (6 t) and 8.8 tons (8 t), and has an estimated circumference of 20 feet (6 m).
The southern bottlenose whale remains a largely unknown species, and these mammals have not been extensively studied or observed. Therefore, much of the information regarding this species comes from dead specimens and comparisons with their close relation, the northern bottlenose whale. This is largely because of their remote, deep habitat. Although so little is known about the southern bottlenose whale, it is not considered as of 2010 to be endangered.
Occasional observations do occur, and it is reported that the southern bottlenose whale often remains at the surface, blowing or breathing for up to 10 minutes at a time, particularly after a long dive. This species also is known to dive deep and remain submerged for more than an hour before having to return to the surface. The southern bottlenose whale is generally thought to be a migratory species, traveling to Antarctic waters during summer months.
It is

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.130587
Retrieved Text: In several animals such as deer, sheep, and caribou in which newborns remain dependent on their mothers beyond birth, mothers often segregate themselves and their offspring into habitats that differ from those they use when without offspring (Pack et al. 2018).
The motivations underlying such changes can range from predator avoidance to promotion of mother-offspring bonding to avoidance of male harassment. Humpback whales are found in all the world’s oceans, have separate feeding and breeding grounds, and undergo some of the longest migrations of any whale species.
It is well established that humpback whale mothers with newborn calves favor shallow waters in their breeding grounds, with recent research by Dr. Alison Craig and colleagues indicating that this appears to be a tactic employed by mothers to avoid energetically costly associations with males (Craig et al. 2014). However, it is not known how this preference varies as a calf ages and grows and whether mothers, who are less likely to ovulate than females without a calf, employ other tactics to avoid males when in deeper waters.
Dr. Adam Pack from the University of Hawaii at Hilo has been studying North Pacific humpback whales in the Hawaiian Islands, their major breeding grounds for over 20 years. In the late 1990s, Pack along with Drs. Louis Herman and Scott Spitz developed a new technique called underwater videogrammetry to measure the body sizes of humpback whales at sea while simultaneously recording their behavior and social interactions.
Using this method, Pack and colleagues showed that body size confers an advantage to male humpback whales when

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.099468
Retrieved Text: Anywhere with fresh air, people watching and good beer.
I like the diversity of interests and specialties, especially as they apply to sustainability and social accountability. With such a creative group it leads to great brainstorming sessions, passionate discussions, and some really inspiring and thought-provoking collaborations.
It’s a toss-up. Watching the Orca pods come into the bay with their new offspring, or laying on the roof in the freezing cold watching the Northern Lights.
I volunteer with the Rose City Rollers. They’re a nonprofit dedicated to the empowerment of women and girls through athleticism. They also support charitable causes that align with their mission including LGBTQ equality, women’s rights, social equity, families, at-risk youth, physical activity, literacy and self-empowerment.
A lab Mix named Keet, which is Tlingit for killer whale.
Better housing solutions that are healthy, affordable and accessible by urban pathways and mass transit. Oh, and they should allow dogs over 35 pounds.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.099468
Retrieved Text: NORFOLK -- The Navy is expanding the area in which it limits the use of sonar and explosives off the East Coast as part of an effort to help protect the endangered North Atlantic right whale.
The whales were nearly hunted into extinction by the 1890s and today there are only about 450 left, according to the National Marine Fisheries Service.
While the biggest modern-day threats to the whales are entanglement in fishing gear and direct strikes from vessels, underwater noise pollution can interfere with their communication and affect their behavior, the fisheries service said.
The large black whales travel between New England in the warm months to feed and mate and south to Florida to have their offspring in winter. They're recognizable by their lack of a dorsal fin, broad tails and raised patches of rough skin on their heads. Occasionally, they roam in the same areas that submarines, warships and helicopters that use sonar or deploy torpedoes or other explosives train and operate in.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.822792
Retrieved Text: Evening Tours – Whales & Sunset!
© Five Star Whale Watching/ Katie Smith. Image — A large male orca whale that belongs to the T11 family surfaces near Esquimalt harbour this afternoon.
This afternoon was a remarkable and unusual encounter seeing an amazing whale species! Today we didn’t have to travel far to find whales, and were fortunate with such an encounter.
We encountered this family of orca whales (a mother and son known as the T11’s) near Esquimalt. The whales had curiously swam all the way into the harbour (not a common circumstance)! The whales appeared to be chasing prey, as they were diving and circling around nearby vessels and docks. These whales are Bigg’s orcas, which means they feed on marine mammals like Harbour seals, Sea Lions and porpoise.
It is likely that one of their prey items like a Harbour seal, had travelled into the harbour. It is a very unique occurrence to see these top predators inside the harbour itself! This family was composed of a mother and son whale. Male orcas can reach sizes of over 30 feet, with dorsal fins reaching up to six feet high. We were able to see the immense size of this male!
Orca whales live in matrilineal groups, and offspring will most often remain with their mothers their entire lives. We listened to these whales breathe and watched them as they swam around the area, surfacing and swimming together.
It is always remarkable to see these top predators in the wild, and it was a memorable experience for certain! We even

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.61676
Retrieved Text: In what observers have called an extraordinary display of grief, killer whale J-35 has been spotted again still carrying the body of her newborn 16 days after the calf died.
More than two weeks since her newborn calf died, the killer whale known to researchers as J-35 has been spotted again Wednesday still carrying the calf's body.
The calf was born July 24, but died shortly after and the mother has refused to let go.
In the days that followed, J-35 drew worldwide attention for what looks to human observers like an extraordinary display of grief.
She has been seen pushing the dead offspring along the water with her forehead, or grasping the calf's tail in her mouth — activities that experts say take huge amounts of energy for a swimming whale.
J-35 hadn't been seen since last week when her family group, known as J-pod, swam into the fog off Vancouver Island, B.C.
But Wednesday afternoon, Fisheries and Oceans Canada observers spotted her again, with the calf, and a struggling young whale named J-50 that biologists are trying to help.
The J-pod is part of the critically endangered southern resident population of killer whales, with only 75 individuals left.
The last successful birth in the population was three years ago.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.61337
Retrieved Text: The best barbeque on Maui is at Beach Bums Bar and Grill in Maalaea.
Looking for some good “Q” on Maui? Head over to the middle section of the island and you’ll find it at Beach Bums in Maalaea.
This casual, open-air, laid-back restaurant sits at the edge of Maalaea Harbor and has great ocean views of the bay. Most lunch and dinner diners are coming back from snorkel trips, whale watch tours, and other water activities and grab a bite to eat while in Maalaea.
The smoky flavor of their ribs, brisket sandwiches, sausage, and smoked turkey platter is what makes me go back several times each month. Beach Bums is owned by two ex-bartenders that wanted to provide cold beer and great mixed drinks (stout Mai Tais), along with large portioned Texas-style barbeque. They succeeded.
Beach Bums has a “Rib Fest” on Wednesday night, and Tuesday night is “Prime Rib & Lobster Night”. Of course, they have other menu items like salads, sandwiches, and a great blue cheese burger. But it’s the barbeque that locals go to get and many use them for catering. Most evenings there is light music starting in the late afternoon.
You’ll find Beach Bums to have a friendly staff, good food, huge portions, nice music, and a great view of the ocean. What more could you ask for? Beach Bums Bar and Grill is a place you must visit while on Maui.
Park in the main parking lot and walk through the shopping center. There’s some nice retail stores carrying a wide variety of Hawaiian-made

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.525526
Retrieved Text: Retailing gone wrong. How can we prevent the collapse of yet another UK department store? Retail veteran and HOLM chairman Richard Burrell penned this excellent thought piece on what’s gone wrong and how to fix it. Find the long form piece here or enjoy this abridged tea break read.
Mention George Orwell to most and they will probably come up with Animal Farm, 1984, or one of his other famous works. Less well known is his work as an essayist in the 1930s. In Inside the Whale, published in March 1940, Orwell uses the Bible story of Jonah and the Whale as a metaphor for the mute acceptance of one’s experience without making any effort to change it, taking a swipe at the pre-war government.
He points to the whale comfortably protecting Jonah from the perils of the outside world and distorting his ability to make decisions. Inside the whale Jonah has no idea if the sea is stormy or calm, whether it is day or night. His entire experience from which he makes decisions is shrunk to the small warm space inside the whale. All he can see is the whale.
What does this have to do with retailing?
In the last two years many pillars of UK retail have run into trouble as they try to cope in the digital world. The headlines tell us who has come to the end of the line. With more to come. Less visible, are those who are still profitable yet rapidly losing sales or margin. The management teams of these struggling

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.483149
Retrieved Text: January 29, 2010, 1:50 p.m.
South Park is threatened by a menacing cloud of smug after many of the town’s citizens buy hybrid cars and adopt self-righteous attitudes toward those in conventional cars.
Kyle's dad gets a hybrid car and drives around town letting everyone know how much better he is for it.
Taking smug to whole new level, Mr. Broflovski drags his kids along to give Awareness Citations to SUVs parked in the South Park mall.
Desperate to raise the environmental awareness of South Park high enough to lure back the Broflovski family who fled for the more enlightened environs of San Francisco, Stan writes an environmental ballad that takes the town by storm.
South Park digs out from the great smug storm of 2006 and realizes they're not ready to drive hybrid cars without being complete jerks about it.
Kyle gets punked by some bored aquarium workers and comes up with a plan to fly an orca whale to the moon.
Kyle first hears Jambu the Killer Whale speak, setting off a crazy series of events that would ultimately see the orca land on the moon.
If there's something local newscasters love, it's a good pun. If there's something South Park loves to do, it's make fun of local newscasters.
After PETA steps in and protests their school mascots, the schoolchildren of South Park Elementary need to pick between two less-than-perfect candidates — a giant douche and a turd sandwich.
Mr. Mackey drives off a PETA activist as the class votes for a new school mascot.
PETA sure knows how to ruin a perfectly good

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.276524
Retrieved Text: Sale whale myopia swimming goggles anti fog glasses eyewear for men and women （yellow） intl, the product is a preferred item this season. this product is a new item sold by Goodlife Shopping store and shipped from China. WHALE Myopia Swimming Goggles Anti-Fog Glasses Eyewear For Men And Women （Yellow） - intl is sold at lazada.sg which has a cheap expense of SGD15.20 (This price was taken on 28 May 2018, please check the latest price here). what are the features and specifications this WHALE Myopia Swimming Goggles Anti-Fog Glasses Eyewear For Men And Women （Yellow） - intl, let's see information below.
For detailed product information, features, specifications, reviews, and guarantees or another question that is more comprehensive than this WHALE Myopia Swimming Goggles Anti-Fog Glasses Eyewear For Men And Women （Yellow） - intl products, please go straight away to owner store that will be coming Goodlife Shopping @lazada.sg.
Goodlife Shopping can be a trusted shop that already is skilled in selling Goggles products, both offline (in conventional stores) and online. a lot of their customers are very satisfied to buy products through the Goodlife Shopping store, that can seen with the many five star reviews distributed by their clients who have obtained products from the store. So you don't have to afraid and feel worried about your product not up to the destination or not according to what's described if shopping inside the store, because has lots of other clients who have proven it.
Moreover Goodlife Shopping provide discounts and product warranty returns when the product you buy

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.260124
Retrieved Text: Studies on the marine wildlife that live and feed in the Gulf of Maine have provided insights into this unique and complex ecosystem. Some marine organisms, like phytoplankton and zooplankton, are small and often microscopic in size, yet they are found in abundance as they drift passively with the water currents. Zooplankton are food for other organisms, including the Northern right whale, a baleen whale that is typically 50 feet long and weighs close to 70 tons. The North Atlantic right whale is considered to be the most endangered marine animal that feeds off New England.
Some species of marine wildlife spend their entire lives in productive coastal waters, while others migrate into the Gulf of Maine to feed on a seasonal basis. Regardless of their size, abundance or residency, each species is an important member of this ecological community that is part of a diverse and often fragile marine ecosystem. Bathymetric chart of the Gulf of Maine.
The image to the right shows the bathymetry of the Gulf of Maine. This bathymetric map shows the sea floor terrain using a blue color spectrum. Areas of deep water are shaded dark blue and areas of shallow water are shaded light blue.
Studying wild populations of marine wildlife at sea is difficult and challenging, but recent advances in technology represent an important tool supporting these research efforts. As in the past, research conducted aboard vessels at sea is costly and time-consuming and the amount of data collected is often dependent upon weather conditions offshore and the ability to locate the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.214794
Retrieved Text: Paris (AFP) - When an endangered female North Atlantic right whale spends months, even years, disentangling itself from cast-off fishing nets, there's not much energy left over for mating and nursing calves.
Coping with such debris, along with ship collisions and other forms of human encroachment, have severely stymied recovery of the majestic sea mammals long after explosive harpoons and factory ships nearly wiped them out, according to a study published Wednesday.
Once numbering in the tens of thousands, the northern whale's population -- hovering around 450 today -- climbed slowly from 1990, but began to drop again around 2010.
Had the Canadian and US waters they plied during that quarter of a century been pristine and uncluttered by human traffic, "the species' numbers would be almost double what they are now, and their current emergency wouldn't be so dire," scientists led by Peter Corkeron of the NOAA Northeastern Fisheries Science Center in Massachusetts reported.
More to the point, there would be twice as many female whales: "The general slope of the recovery trajectory is driven by female mortality," they added.
From 1970 to 2009, 80 percent of 122 known North Atlantic right whale deaths were caused by human objects or activity.
The species has not been hunted for more than half a century.
But beyond the number of whales killed was the question of whether the species' population might have been curtailed in more subtle ways by people.
To find out, Corkeron compared birth rates with the Southern right whale, a sister species in the southern hemisphere -- estimated to number about 15,000

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.200161
Retrieved Text: Are you looking the best price for 925 Silver Whale Tail w/ Plumeria Pendant Hawaiian Silver Jewelry and you want to get great deals & best buy this product? Or you want to find some reviews from people who have used this product before you buy it?
You are at the right place. I'll give you some tips before you decide to buy 925 Silver Whale Tail w/ Plumeria Pendant Hawaiian Silver Jewelry. So you are not disappointed after buying it and in accordance with the product you need.
You can also find price comparisons from sellers, so you really get the best price currently for the 925 Silver Whale Tail w/ Plumeria Pendant Hawaiian Silver Jewelry.
If you are interested in buying 925 Silver Whale Tail w/ Plumeria Pendant Hawaiian Silver Jewelryyou may try to find full description and product details.
Interest to Buy This Product? Check our store for more information and get special offers for 925 Silver Whale Tail w/ Plumeria Pendant Hawaiian Silver Jewelry.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.123753
Retrieved Text: Sea World, Blue World, Where in the World do we Go From Here?
After much posturing, debating, and protesting, the end of Sea World is in sight… kind of. Last week, the California Coastal Commission approved Sea World’s new “Blue World” expansion which would nearly double the size of the orca’s pools at the San Diego location. Approval comes with an enormous catch, Sea World would be forbidden from breeding orcas of wild lineage or housing more than 15 orcas in the new pools. We’ll bypass Sea World’s bleats about depriving the whales of their right to breed as “inhumane and unnatural” (nothing more natural than artificial insemination) to avoid the risk of choking on irony, and discuss where Sea World, and its opponents go from here.
“It’ll all be over in a few decades,” I thought. But rereading the Commissions vague restrictions I had more questions than answers. Sea World can build the tanks, but it cannot be populated with whales containing genetic material from wild whales or whales captured in the wild. Every Sea World orca, at least that I can find, has at least a grandparent of captive origin. The DNA of free whales runs through the veins of every whale in those pools. Technically, no one qualifies for the Blue World pool.
What the commission is implying I believe, is no offspring whose parents were born in the wild can reside in the new enclosure. No sons or daughters of Tillikum or Corky. Second generation, captive born whales would qualify for the new enclosure is

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.966606
Retrieved Text: 'It was a pretty amazing opportunity,' says a witness who photographed the right whale. The sightings prompt police to remind the curious to stay clear of the unexpected visitors.
• There are only about 430 North Atlantic right whales.
• Right whales can grow to over 50 feet in length and weigh up to 70 tons.
• Right whales live 70 to 100 years.
• Right whales sexually mature around age 10 and produce one offspring every three to five years.
• Female right whales lose 20,000 to 30,000 pounds a year while nursing calves.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.86719
Retrieved Text: We live on a mountain with a distant view of the ocean; we can see the cargo ships and beautiful cruise ships go by, and apparently 16,000 humpback whales pass by twice every year too. Unfortunately, I can’t see them from my apartment. They come from the south up into the warm tropical waters to mate or to give birth, and then they turn around and go back with their precious offspring to the cool waters to feed on krill.
When my husband found some 50% off coupons for a whale watching cruise, we just had to go. We watched the weather reports for a week, then chose the afternoon cruise on the best day and booked it. As the week went by we kept checking the weather reports for our day. It went from mostly sunny to cloudy and 65% chance of rain with afternoon storms.
We excitedly boarded the boat at 1 pm hoping that there would be whales to see, the weather was a little cloudy but was warm and pleasant.
The captain tells us to watch for water spurts or large splashes, and that he would refund our money if we did not see whales.
It was not long before some humpback whales were spotted. Boats need to keep 100 meters from the whales, but if the whales come to the boat that is no problem.
Humpback whales are the most acrobatic of the great whales and here they come toward our boat. They are obviously curious and in a playful mood.
One of the humpback whale actions

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.81284
Retrieved Text: Only three known species go through menopause: killer whales, short-finned pilot whales, and humans. Two years ago, scientists suggested whales do this to focus their attention on the survival of their families rather than on birthing more offspring. But now this same team reports there’s another—and darker—reason: Older females enter menopause because their eldest daughters begin having calves, leading to fights over resources. The findings might also apply to humans, the scientists say.
The new work came about when Darren Croft, a behavioral ecologist at the University of Exeter in the United Kingdom, and his colleagues looked back on their 2015 killer whale menopause study. “That showed how they helped and why they lived so long after menopause, but it didn’t explain why they stop reproducing,” he says, noting that in other species, such as elephants, older females also share wisdom and knowledge with their daughters, but continue to have calves.
That family structure means that at some point in the senior mother’s life, she’s likely to birth calves at the same time as one or more of her daughters in the same pod. During the 43 years of data collection, 525 calves were born. Of these 161 were co-generation births and about 31% of the babies died. In these cases, the older mother was most likely to lose her calf before it reached 15 years of age. The mortality of the older mothers’ offspring was 1.7 times that of the younger mothers’, the scientists report in Current Biology .
“That’s a high cost,” says Croft, “and it’s led

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.786877
Retrieved Text: Whales in Paradise, Charters in Paradise, Reef Ryder Island Cruise and Australian Whale Watching.
While Gold Coast Whale Watching Pty Ltd make every effort to safeguard clients they would like to advise that; All water activities include risk and all activities on board or off board are at individuals own risk. The company, directors and staff accept no responsibility or liability for any loss, accident or injury to persons or property. Whale Watching is not recommended for children under the age of 3 years and is an open water activity, should you have any concerns with motion sickness please consult a chemist. Should a whale not be sighted on your tour a free return cruise will be offered – no refunds. 2% credit card fee. All prices include taxes.
Cruises will be cancelled upon the discretion of the cruise operator taking into account the weather conditions of the day. Reschedule or full refund will be given.
Small groups with less than 24 hours notice 100% of the fare.
Groups of over 8 people less than 72 hours notice 100% of the fare.
The operator reserves the right to refuse entry, substitute the vessel and change the day’s itinerary without notice. All cruises operated by Gold Coast Whale Watching Pty Ltd.
Should a whale not be sighted on your tour a free return cruise will be offered on the next available tour – no refunds.
In Australia, your privacy is protected under law by the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and this policy which sets out how we manage your personal information to protect your

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.741594
Retrieved Text: 9 Feb March is a very busy month when many of the whale population are Coastal Trail in Fort Bragg, enjoy chowder and craft beer tasting at Town. Download cracked Whale Trail IPA file from the largest cracked App Store, you can also download on your mobile device with AppCake for iOS. Read reviews, compare customer ratings, see screenshots, and learn more about Whale Trail. Download Whale Trail and enjoy it on your iPhone, iPad, and.
The Merrell Whale of Trail, a 53km ultra trail set in the pristine De Hoop whale watching and sipping on local craft beer at the finish at Koppie Alleen. The route follows the iconic 5-day Whale Trail, is 53km long with approximately m of ascent. The route will be marked only where necessary. Deviations. Whale Trail - centraldocorpocaloso.com Homepage: centraldocorpocaloso.com whaletrail centraldocorpocaloso.com (18,09 МБ) - version.
South Africa's iconic five day Whale Trail hiking route on the Southern Cape coast, close to Cape Agulhas, is offered as a challenge to runners capable of. Home Beer On Iceland's dung-smoked whale testicle beer Hvalur 2, the whale testicle beer // Bjorn Ludviksson for DRAFT. Hvalur 2, the whale . Reply. The grossest ingredients in beer | Tap Trail | Craft Beer News, Maps, and Events says: . In particular, from Tadoussac to Natashquan, those travelling the Whale Route can discover some of the very best spots for observing marine mammals from.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.738848
Retrieved Text: Whales can be huge! The largest animal ever to have existed is the blue whale, which can grow to 30 metres long (that's 98 feet)! There are millions of whales in the world's oceans.
See if you can complete the picture of the whale using the image underneath to guide you. This is a great one for children who find the grid copying activities a bit too tricky.
Practice writing the letter W with this worksheet, which also offers children the chance to draw or stick pictures of things that begin with the letter W.
Children can learn to draw this lovely whale with our step by step drawing tutorials - and when they've perfected the art, colour him in!
Reward second place in your swimming competition with this certificate, illustrated by a friendly whale.
Trace over the dotted lines on this worksheet. There's lots of practice - first in the picture of the whale, and second in the letter W.
Here's a nice challenge for the kids - to write an acrostic poem using the letters from the word WHALE. We have four printables to choose from to make it more fun - and they make nice writing frames too!
Here's one of our origami booklet on the subject of whales - perfect for folding up, storing your notes or pictures, and keeping in your pocket! You will need the folding instructions here.
I love this cheerful whale colouring page, and I hope that the kids do too! It's got nice simple outlines so is perfect for younger children.
This lovely whale is jumping

================



======= Instance Index 43 =========
Input Text: All the deer in one area moved away. This could be because

Which is the correct answer?
- They wanted to go to Disneyland
- The deer went for a walk and got lost
- all the trees had died from disease and fell down
- They wanted to live where there were move wolves to keep them company

Target Text: all the trees had died from disease and fell down

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 26.438652
Retrieved Text: Well, as people populate more I guess deer aren’t dumb, when they spot a meal, they want some.
In reaction to deer sightings and garden destruction in the area, Montpelier’s Front Porch Forum has been abuzz with all things cervine. Posts include propositions of beginning deer-management blogs, deer-repellent recipes, and deer poetry. Amongst all this, there seem to be two general positions: deer ought to be controlled in some way, and we ought to leave them alone because they are a part of nature.
Faced with this population increase, there has been quite a bit of discussion about what ought to be done about it. According to Porter, there aren’t many options but to “control” the deer population, and from his perspective, one method is more effective and feasible than the others—hunting. “There are not many, if any, viable alternatives to managing deer populations outside of hunting. Some jurisdictions have tried other alternatives, such as hiring sharp shooters, or even giving deer birth control.” Compared with hunting, these other options are very expensive, he said, and less effective when deer are able to freely move throughout an area.
On June 15, the Montpelier Deer Study Group, an informal collection of concerned citizens, met with Mark Scott, Director of Wildlife for Vermont Fish & Wildlife Department, and Geoff Beyer, the Montpelier Director of City Parks, to discuss what could be done about the deer. The group members were worried not only for their hostas but for their health, because Lyme disease is spread by deer ticks.
Their concerns are well-placed. On

########
Rank: 1
Score: 26.287401
Retrieved Text: Below are brief descriptions of the various eye conditions we commonly see and treat at Deer Park Vision Source in Deer Park.
There are many different types of eye conditions that could be affecting your eyesight or could have long-term consequences if not treated properly or promptly. We list some of the more common conditions below. If you think you or someone in your family has one of these conditions, please contact Deer Park Vision Source in Deer Park for an exam and recommendations.
Lazy eye is not always easy to recognize since a child with worse vision in one eye does not necessarily have lazy eye. Because of this, it is recommended that all children, including those with no symptoms, have a comprehensive eye examination by the age of three and sooner if there is a family history of any eye condition or disease. If you suspect a problem, or need to set up your child’s first eye examination, contact Deer Park Vision Source to set up an appointment.
Like some other skin conditions, blepharitis can be controlled but not cured. The main goals in treating it are to reduce the amount of bacteria along the lid margin and open plugged glands. Contact Deer Park Vision Source to assess the severity of your problem and the best treatment method.
Since computer monitors are typically 20 to 26 inches from your eyes, your regular glasses may not be the best option for computer work. This distance range is considered intermediate – closer than what you use to drive a car

########
Rank: 2
Score: 25.506754
Retrieved Text: Alaska Brown Bear Mauls Deer Hunter!
Just a few days ago an Alaska Brown Bear (sow) attacked two hunters as they stopped for lunch, after shooting a deer. The men were 68 year old Michael Snowden and 38 year old Jeff Ostrin.
The pair were hunting on the east side of Sally Island in Uganik Bay, near Kodiak Island. They had harvested a deer in the late morning. The deer was gutted and the hunters decided to get away from the smell of the gut pile, so they started to drag the deer downhill toward the beach. The terrain was very thick as they maneuvered their way through the dense thicket they found a small opening where they decided to eat a little lunch. They did not drag the deer carcass into the clearing with them. Moments after taking a few bites for lunch they heard brush breaking around them. Because it was so dense they could not see the bear who had zeroed in on them. Both men grabbed their rifles and chambered a round.
The adult female bear burst through the undergrowth and grabbed Snowden taking him to the ground. Ostrin had to wait for a shot that would not hit his partner, and had to shoot the bear in the rump, from 10 foot away! The bear backed away and Ostrin then shot it in the chest. The bear and Snowden then rolled down the hill. Ostrin ran to his friend to check on his condition. The bear moved and was shot again killing it.
Jeff Ostrin

########
Rank: 3
Score: 25.272697
Retrieved Text: Riverrat… I did not know what the rule was, because I knew you couldn’t sell the meat but wasn’t sure about having to give it to the landowner as payment to hunt. But when you are on a 2 or 3 wooded acre lot, shoot multiple deer for the landowner, shoot multiple deer to give away. Just a lot of deer to shoot in a small area… hence shooting anything that walks under the stand. Just gathering info.
Glad to see this site still up, thought it was dead. Well as a NR hunting Shawnee for last 16 years, I have to say the numbers are definitely down. Now the weather was a little warm till last couple days there, but saw very few deer. My son and I only harvested a nice 7 pt 219 lbs, which I stuck at 15 yds. Here is the thing couldn’t understand, could find no acorns or even the acorn caps. None on the trees over a very large area? Very little deer sign, only found the scrap where I arrowed the buck. All bucks we saw were young spikes, only 4 does in 9 days, only 5 bucks in 9 days. But will I go back, by all means, because I love “the hunt”, love camping in the woods, love Illinois!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 25.25151
Retrieved Text: Tink's Power Scrape Mock Scrape Starter Deer Lure is rated 4.3 out of 5 by 15.
Send a dominant buck into a territorial rage throughout the rut with Tink's® Power Scrape Mock Scrape Starter Deer Lure. A powerful synthetic deer lure, Power Scrape Mock Scrape Starter provides wonderful lasting ability. This all season lure does not wash off in the rain, but rejuvenates with moisture like rain or dew. Appealing to a buck's social ranking and dominance, this lure can influence travel patterns when used on mock and active scrapes. Easy-to-use, 12 oz. pump spray bottle provides maximum coverage.
Rated 4 out of 5 by Sprite from Power Scrape This stuff is awesome to draw in more bucks in your area. You can spray it in already existing scrapes or you can make one of your own. Either way, the deer will take notice of it, and come check it regularly.
Rated 5 out of 5 by NKram622 from Instant Success I was in Georgia for a hunt just before Thanksgiving and was not seeing much signs of deer around other than the few tracks. I went up to the store that night and picked up this spray. I went back just after dark and made three mock scrapes in different areas but all where there was signs of deer nearby. On my way out to the stand the next morning I went to put out some Tinks #69 and check the scrapes and they had all been visited by does. I quickly refreshed the one that I wanted

########
Rank: 5
Score: 25.083769
Retrieved Text: Tyler and I were driving around his property looking for four legged animals, and as we crested one of the hills this cull buck turned and started at me. It just sat there, looking, as I whipped out the Weatherby Vanguard Carbine, took aim and hit it squarely in the forehead. That has to be one of the least advantageous evolutionary traits, the “deer in the headlights” response.
I didn’t see it (as I was still working through the “follow through” from the shot) but Tyler says he saw the “pink mist” and watched as the antlers of this deer exploded off its head. Seriously, we walked around for a while and could only find one of the antlers. The deer dropped straight down where it stood and that was the end of that.
We field dressed it on the spot and took it in to be made into sausage, and by the time we were done the light had dimmed too far to safely shoot anymore. But for a first day on the hunt three headshots and three clean kills seems like a pretty good day’s work.
All that range time helps a bit, don’t it?
Did you dress your own animals?
Very nice. Minimal meat loss is the way to go. Always good when a person really knows their rifle.
I used to take head shots, but because the heart lungs area is much larger I now have moved back to that area. After 5 or 6 I realized that death of the animal happens about the same in both

########
Rank: 6
Score: 25.001041
Retrieved Text: With a very rewarding rifle deer season hunting with my boys and harvesting a nice buck myself, I was excited to go out after elk with my muzzleloader. I was also really excited to use my prototype e-Pack Wheel to get me as far into the backcountry as I needed to hunt. The e-Pack Wheel was amazing on Dallen's muzzleloader deer hunt and on my rifle deer hunt allowing me to carry crazy amounts of gear and water with ease. I made a couple of changes to the design of this prototype for trying on this backcountry hunt and the design is getting really close to having my confidence in the design to take it to market.
I haven’t been having a lot of success the last couple of years with my muzzleloader. I was hopeful that would change this year.
With not having a lot of saved up vacation I was only able to take the last three days of the hunt off to pack into the backcountry. I loaded up the e-Pack Wheel and up the mountain, I cruised.
I glassed and glassed on the way in but was unable to locate any elk. I did see a number of decent mule deer buck. Hmm…. I might have to put in for the general limited entry late season muzzleloader tag next year.
There was a little snow when I got about four miles in but not much. I really needed a good amount of snow to really push the elk into this location but you never know what

########
Rank: 7
Score: 24.915758
Retrieved Text: Last week I didn't participate in Saturday Snapshot because Denis and I spent the week at our favorite place to relax: Mule Mountain Cottage in the mountains outside of Bisbee, Arizona, just a few miles north of the Mexican border. We indulge in the best pizza either of us have ever eaten anywhere at Bella Roma Pizza in historic Old Bisbee, and we both do a lot of reading as well as pursuing separate interests. I have my "Bisbee Routine": in bed by midnight, up by 5 AM (leaving Denis to sleep as long as he likes), breakfast, and then I set up my observation point just outside the door.
Observation point? It consists of a small table with a tray containing a tall glass of raspberry iced tea, a book, and my camera. I top it off with a comfy white wicker rocking chair, and I'm set for the morning. I'll be sitting in the shade until about 11 AM, with a view of mountains, trees, a birdbath, and a hummingbird feeder. I can actually get a lot of reading done out there because-- even though I'm really after photographs of wildlife-- I depend on my hearing more than my eyesight. Many critters are so shy that they won't move unless they think my nose is buried in my book, so I read and listen... occasionally moving my eyes above the page without moving my head.
One day, my little corner of heaven was like Grand Central Station for many of the critters in the area. The

########
Rank: 8
Score: 24.891365
Retrieved Text: What kind of signs were you seeing and how did you differentiate from moose and deer?
It would be good if the elk are spreading that far but given how rarely they are sighted south east of the park in the Bancroft area where they were reintroduced, it would be a bit of a surprise if a herd has made it to the far north west corner of the park.
West end. Small, unnamed lake between Kawawaymog and North Tea. I've never seen so much poop concentrated in a such small area before!
Droppings were clearly a larger ungulate, so the question was moose vs elk vs deer, was hard to distinguish. Droppings were dark in colour, looked too big for deer, and too small for moose so that had us curious.
We looked for a good set of tracks and found what certainly appeared to be elk tracks in the ice. I say fairly certain, because I'm not a wildlife bio, but it matched up with my key. Hindsight, I should have snapped some pictures for further verification, but it never occurred to me at the time. More of a "that's a cool wild moment".
Keep an eye out if in the area. Would be curious to know if a herd is for sure moving about up there.
Were there enough tracks to suggest a larger group?
Given that moose tend to be solitary or mother's with a calf or two, then a large group would point away from moose. Then the larger droppings would suggest elk instead of deer.
On a semi-related

########
Rank: 9
Score: 24.879354
Retrieved Text: When Australian Enchanting Travels guest Rebecca Atkinson traveled to India in November 2012, she hoped she’d be lucky to witness a wild tiger on safari. In fact she was luckier than she ever imagined.
We decided to stay at Ranthambore during our India tour for three nights and to take six safaris to maximize our chances of seeing tigers in the wild.
We were very lucky and managed to see at least one tiger on three of the safaris.
Our first two safaris were tiger-free but the scenery and other wildlife kept us occupied, from lakes with former hunting palaces reflected in them to herds of spotted deer and a glimpse or two of the male blue antelope (who is actually a blue/grey color).
The park is also home to over 250 types of birds which flock to the manmade lakes that dot the park. It is common to see different kingfishers, owls, ducks, wading birds and storks.
Our guides were knowledgeable on all the wildlife and spent time pointing out the different birds, the history of the area and answering questions on the animals we saw.
On our third safari we heard the sambar deer straight away making its warning call and we went in search of the deer’s location.
We found the deer quickly but after 10-15 minutes the guide decided as it was still early afternoon the tiger was not yet keen to move and so we went in search of other wildlife.
About an hour later and just as the heat of the day was starting to go we headed

########
Rank: 10
Score: 24.668264
Retrieved Text: What Do We Know For Sure About Hunting Deer Trails?
The one thing we know for sure is that a deer trail is a place where deer have traveled. The fresher the sign in the trail the more recent it has been used. The more deer sign in the trail the more often it is being used.
That all seems simple doesn't it? Well it is simple, yet even knowing all those things will not gaurantee success while hunting deer trails. You may have found a nice deer trial that looked like there was a lot of activity and set up over it only to go days and weeks without seeing a deer.
In my experience, the the number one mistake hunters make is their setup. A hunter finds a well used trail and wastes no time throwing up a stand somewhere on the trail thinking... "It doesn't matter where I set up the trail is so heavily used that it won't be long before a deer passes my stand." Nothing could be further from the truth.
Where and how you setup to hunt a deer trail is crucial to seeing deer and successfully harvesting a whitetail.
One wrong move could mean pushing the deer out of that area for good. Or, at the very least, force you to leave and give the area time to "cool down". Either way you miss an opportunity for a chance at killing a deer.
Getting set up weeks before you will be hunting a particlular travel area is a smart way to get a jump

########
Rank: 11
Score: 24.612663
Retrieved Text: My entire family has been recovering from the flu, so we haven't been getting out much. But this week we finally felt well enough to go exploring outside. Thank goodness for that because I was going stir-crazy staring at the four walls of our (messy-because-we-have-been-sick) house. I needed some sun and Vitamin N (Nature) to cheer me up!
A small creek borders our neighborhood and we decided to see how far we could walk down it before coming to a road. Winter is a great time to hike back here since the tall weeds are dead and the snakes and dangerous bugs are frozen. It was pretty easy walking because there was a deer trail the entire length of our walk.
I love getting out here. Our area is exploding with growth and everywhere we look they are chopping down forests for subdivisions or commercial businesses. However, this creek floods so they can't develop the property just along it, so it is a permanent narrow but long nature preserve.
One of the first things we noticed was beaver sticks! This creek has quite the population of beavers and we found downed trees and sticks with no bark (beaver food) all along our hike.
Before I moved here and explored this creek I didn't even realize Texas had beavers!
We found lots of beaver and deer tracks by the creek.
The next day we went to one of our favorite local parks and the boys did some tree climbing.
Talk about a perfect day!
This is a view I can enjoy. Next week we are

########
Rank: 12
Score: 24.515003
Retrieved Text: These Things Aren't Talked About Every Day Bowhunting mature whitetails is my greatest passion. It’s what I love to do. It’s who I am. And so I spend a lot of time studying them. There are a lot of things about whitetails that we still don’t know. Much of it we may never figure out. But that’s the challenge. That’s what makes hunting these elusive critters so much fun. In the world of outdoor media, a lot of theories and ideas float around. Some of them are true. Some of them aren’t. Simple as that. Hunters abide by a lot of traditions—some of which they live and die by—that define the hunter they are. Those same traditions and principles define their success, one way or the other, too. I’ll be up front: I’m going to ruffle some feathers with some of what I have to say here, especially on wind. But that’s okay. I only write about what I’ve come to know through my real-life experiences as a deer hunter. And I’ll stand behind those same theories and concepts until I’m proven wrong. I’ll use the 4-year-old Kentucky buck I shot in full velvet last season to illustrate each of these five things. We’ll call it a case study, so to speak.
Trail watching, or stand hunting, is a science and an art and to illustrate that stand hunting is the most popular and productive method of deer hunting. After years of personal reflection and discussion with other hunters, I have come to recognize distinct phases in

########
Rank: 13
Score: 24.433308
Retrieved Text: On Saturday I decided to ‘discover’ a new area and try and take some photos.
Amsterdamse Waterleiding Duinen (AWD) is one of the Netherland’s largest dune areas, at around 3500 hectares (including 530 hectares of forest). The national park is located in between Zandvoort, Bloemendaal, and Noordwijk, and is mostly used as a water catchment area for the Amsterdam region. The area hosts a large variety of landscape, from fairly open to dense forest, and rich flora and fauna.
Although I have been to AWD once or twice in the past, I have always been with other people, and never come away with any pleasing results. This time I decided to go on my own, and see what I could find. It was also an opportunity for me to try out my new 300mm f/2.8G VR lens, so I decided to see if I could find some deer, since this would be a good target for a 300mm lens.
I arrived at AWD around 0930, which was already a bit too late for the good light, but after a hectic week I didn’t feel like getting up too early. On arrival at the park I was disappointed to discover multiple groups of senior runners had descended on the park (I assume as part of some organised event, since they seemed to be split into groups of 20, all following their leader’s instructions), so it was a bit hectic and not particularly ‘quiet’ inside. I felt this wasn’t going to help my chances of finding deer, but nevertheless decided to

########
Rank: 14
Score: 24.314497
Retrieved Text: forums.co30.com :: View topic - Any deer hunters out there?
Posted: Thu Dec 14, 2006 12:10 pm GMT Post subject: Any deer hunters out there?
Hello all, I was wondering if any of you guys are deer hunters. I personally have had a slow season. I have not seen very many this year so far in my usual hunting spots. Did any of you guys have a fruitful hunting season? Right now it is muzzleloader season in Michigan. My wife got me a muzzleloader for an early Christmas present. When seasons over I will have to clean it up ad let her wrap it. While still obsessed with landing a deer this year I gave up the chance to get a new computer for Christmas in order to get the new gun instead. So much for being able to play ut2k7 right away when it comes out. I'll have to get set up with a new computer at income tax time instead.
I did a little bit of hunting years ago but not really anymore. I have a hard time finding the time, and nobody I know is really into it, so it's hard to keep up interest.
I just got into hunting again during the 2005 season. So I am not very experienced at it yet. I think I just enjoy getting away from the suburbs and sitting out in the woods and watching the wildlife. It is nice to get away from everyone and enjoy the peace and quiet. I turkey hunt as well. I haven't got one

########
Rank: 15
Score: 24.257292
Retrieved Text: Each summer, as hunters, we’re often faced with the conundrum of where to place our deer stands for the coming deer season. Deer stand locations are important because it could be the difference between harvesting that big whitetail you’ve been dreaming about all summer long.
Should I place a stand where I’m seeing summer bachelor group bucks?
Male whitetail home ranges can vary drastically once their velvet comes off and their testosterone level increases. Bucks will move from food-to-bedding patterns in the summer to looking for and chasing does in the fall.
These deer stand locations will account for some of these changes in home ranges, and will ultimately lead to success will a little bit of buck luck.
The first location that will be good for the entire season is on the edge of a food source that is downwind of a bedding area where it funnels into that food source. This could include a food plot or a crop field.
If your state has an early bow season this could still be highly successful under the correct weather and pressure conditions in the early season as bucks are still easily patterned. Likewise, if the bedding area is a doe bedroom those bucks will be cruising all around during the rut and into December and January.
This is probably my favorite set-up because it’s good all year long.
The key? Early season scouting before dark or with trail cameras to see where the deer are entering the food sources to help narrow down which tree to precisely put a stand in.
A diagram

########
Rank: 16
Score: 24.185818
Retrieved Text: You’re driving through your neighborhood and see the usual suburban white-tailed deer in a vacant field. You’ve been seeing these deer a lot more lately, so you hardly take notice. Then a flash of white catches your eye. A white deer.
You pull over to look at this striking, beautiful animal. It seems precious, rare. But what exactly is it?
It turns out people have been captivated by white deer for centuries, and perhaps millennia. The ghost-like appearance of these animals has attracted myth, superstition and rampant scientific misinformation for an equally long period of time.
That misinformation continues to this day. And it stands to reason that, with whitetails becoming more abundant near population centers, more people will be sharing their own tales of these unusual creatures.
Here’s the real story of the white deer.
As a young boy, one of my earliest memories is visiting my grandparents’ home and waiting for my grandfather to return from an afternoon of hunting the nearby woods. The stories he told helped instill my lifelong love of field sports and wildlife.
He was sitting against an oak tree waiting for squirrels when a flash of white caught his eye. He looked to see a large, “albino” buck approaching him. The deer sniffed, catching his scent – but it didn’t flee. Instead, it trotted towards him, stopping just a few feet away. He stuck out his hand and the deer allowed him to scratch its forehead.
For several years, stories of this deer roaming around the woods of Snydertown, Pennsylvania were common. As a boy, I

########
Rank: 17
Score: 24.112028
Retrieved Text: With night falling earlier, the peak commuting time coincides with deer coming out to feed on grass verges near roadsides.
Because of this, SNH – in conjunction with Transport Scotland and Traffic Scotland – are placing warning messages on electronic variable messaging signs (VMS). From Monday, 30 October to Monday, 20 November, the signs will warn motorists at key locations on the main trunk roads. These messages will be seen on signs on the A9, A87, A82, A85 and the A835.
A report released earlier this year commissioned jointly by SNH and Transport Scotland revealed collisions between vehicles and deer have increased by 10% in Scotland since previous figures were collated.
The report showed that from January 2013 to December 2015 over 4,600 recorded collisions between vehicles and deer on Scottish roads were submitted. However, taking into account the many incidents which go unreported, the report estimates that the true figure could be as high as 9,000 per year, resulting in 50 to 100 human injuries. The highest number of collisions occurs in early evening through to midnight, with a slightly lower peak from 6am to 9am.
Over the past 50 years, the number and range of wild deer in Scotland have increased, while the volume of road traffic has almost doubled in the same period. This combination has led to higher deer-vehicle collision rates across the country, with the greatest increase occurring in Aberdeenshire, Fife and the central belt. This corresponds with the rise in the populations of roe deer, which are highly adaptable to lowland habitats.
– Try not

########
Rank: 18
Score: 24.087997
Retrieved Text: “No way - cross hairs dancing way too much.” I lowered the scoped, heavy revolver to catch my breath and calm my pulse. It was the second Friday of my 2007 javelina hunt.
A week ago Doug Smith and I – "the Oberst" was down and out with the flu – worked this country hard, but flushed out only a handful of quail and a spike mule deer. There was javelina sign, nothing fresh, though. And with rain in the forecast we abandoned the hunt on Saturday. Little rain did come, and soon this next Friday.
Three o’clock was too early to get up. Yet, here I was, wide awake, and the first conscious thought was this: ‘Go up the large mountain.’ When I was finally on the road at a little after five, my hunt area was only ninety minutes north of town, I had time to think things over.
Yes, I would go up the large mountain. In several past javelina seasons this hunt area in particular had offered me some ‘help’. I recalled when other hunters, one dressed in a grey sweat shirt, had alerted me to the pigs’ location with their rather frequent gunfire. Another year there were these two hunters on the opposite side of the canyon who suddenly moved down swiftly with guns in hand. They had seen the herd first, somewhere down there. At the very bottom, as it turned out, but I got there first from my side and killed one before they did. And another time I overheard a walkie-talkie

########
Rank: 19
Score: 24.067162
Retrieved Text: The fact is, most hunters use both tree stands and blinds depending on what the situation calls for, but some vouch that tree stands are the most favorable method in almost any scenario.
How do you shoot deer from a tree stand? Hunting from a tree stand is extremely rewarding as it may be done with any type of weapon. There are, however, a few basic guidelines to consider, such as being well-prepared for taking your shot, compensating for shot angles, knowing your limits and being open to adapt when the situation calls for it.
To be prepared simply means that you have to be organized, structured and have all your gear in place for taking the shot. After all, you might only have a few seconds to safely grab your weapon, draw and place your shot without the luxury of a large window.
Furthermore, you want to ensure a quick, clean kill and you can achieve this by compensating for shot angles, especially if you are bowhunting deer.
Last but not least, you should be able to adapt and improve your set-up and strategies to make provision for the specific situation you are currently in. For example, a bow hunter should take into consideration the height, distance and shot angles in order to effectively place a shot.
Which tree stand to use will be determined by the situation and scenario you are dealing with. The three basic tree stands are ladder, hang-on and climbing stands, and while they are all sturdy options, you have to choose the appropriate one for

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.043016
Retrieved Text: IF I COULD find a surefire cure for keeping deer away from gardens, I could retire. Of all the gardening questions I receive, one of the top three begins: “How do I keep deer from eating my…(insert plant here)?” Deer are problematic for many gardeners across North America, so much so that hostas, those beloved workhorses of shade gardeners everywhere, have dropped out of the top ten most popular perennials, primarily because deer consider this leafy plant to be a full meal deal. If you’ve ever come out to your garden to find tulips nipped off to the ground, hostas chewed off to their stems, foliage browsed back on rhododendrons, roses, cedars, yews and hollies…you’ve got deer problems. Unless you live in Newfoundland, of course, where there are no deer…but there are moose!
Deer aren’t considered problematic by all gardeners; some enjoy having wildlife in their back yards, and may even feed them. I have been fortunate they’ve never been a problem for me. In my former home, we had an “attack donkey” that would blat and fuss at deer if they even came through the pasture. Now that I’ve relocated to Wolfville, I expected some problems, but although my friend who lives on the other side of the duplex has a huge vegetable garden, and I have seen deer crossing the road near here, we’ve not had them in either of our gardens. Yet.
Wildlife biologist Bob Bancroft says deer were rare in this region until about 100 years ago, while moose and caribou were far more

########
Rank: 21
Score: 23.984049
Retrieved Text: When a Florence hunter harvested a trophy buck earlier this month, he broke down and cried.
It wasn't because the buck scored 147 inches. It was because he felt his late mother's presence.
"There had been a deer that has eluded the neighboring club since last year and he is a very big deer for Simpson County," Justin Brown said. "They had many pictures of him and some were daylight pictures, but they couldn't catch him off guard. Well, the deer began to venture onto our 4,000-acre club, and I knew a few members probably had him on camera but were tight-lipped about it."
Brown was getting photos of the big buck from a wireless camera that sent them to his phone. On Jan. 15, he realized he was getting closer to the deer.
"The day earlier I was hunting another stand and I got a picture of him at a shooting house," Brown said. "I was just at the wrong stand that day."
The deer had been at Brown's camp at least four days, and he knew where the buck was frequenting through the photos. The problem was all of the images were taken at night. It was as if the buck wasn't moving during legal shooting hours. On the night of Jan. 15 and into the next morning, the buck was particularly active.
"My wife thought I was crazy," Brown said. "The night before I killed him I was up all night. He was on my phone every other hour. I knew I may have a shot at him since

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.93712
Retrieved Text: What really is ‘essential’ kit for deer stalking?
Deer stalking: I have attended a Deer Management Qualification where I noticed people coming along with all sorts of 'essential' gadgets. What would you say is really essential for someone new to stalking?
Shooting deer near houses. Is it legal?
Deer have moved into my area and are coming into the garden, damaging plants and vegetables. How high a fence will I need to keep the little ******* out?
I have just passed my DSC Level 1 and want to progress and learn more about deer. Would it help if I joined one of the specialist groups and, if so, which should it be – the British Deer Society or the St. Hubert Club?
What’s the right cartridge for red deer?
Deer stalking: I plan to get involved in deer stalking on my fathers farm and two neighbouring Estates where there are Roe, Fallow and a few Sika. Can you recommend a calibre that will cope equally well with all three species?
Should deer stalkers have to be qualified?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 23.776289
Retrieved Text: A deer infected with chronic wasting disease will look very thin and can start drooling. Infected deer also become tame and less afraid of people.
Dr. Steve Schmitt is the Michigan DNR's veterinarian-in-charge.
In this part of the Biosafety Level 3 lab, USDA veterinarians test sheep heads for a disease called scrapie.
Chronic wasting disease was found in a captive deer in Kent County in 2008. This spring, a homeowner in Ingham County reported a sickly-looking deer wandering in their front yard, and that deer is the first free-ranging deer to test positive for CWD in Michigan.
Now, the DNR wants to find out how many more wild deer could be sick, and whether this is an isolated incident or the beginning of a bigger outbreak.
It’s contagious, it affects deer, moose and elk and it’s always fatal.
“It creates microscopic holes in the brain resulting in severe neurologic disease and ultimately the death of the animal," says Dr. Steve Schmitt. He’s the veterinarian-in-charge with the Michigan Department of Natural Resources.
If you see a deer that could be infected with chronic wasting disease, DNR officials want you to call them at 517-336-5030.
We’re looking through a window into a high security area called a Biosafety Level 3 lab at MSU's Diagnostic Center for Population and Animal Health.
“That’s where we do wear respirators. All air that comes in has to go out through HEPA filters. There’s where we do bovine tuberculosis, we do our chronic wasting disease work in there, and we can actually handle anthrax in there,” he says.
Schmitt says they’re bringing in

########
Rank: 24
Score: 23.763313
Retrieved Text: We truly feel this story shows the positive bond hunting can build between the beginning hunter and his/her parent. Jim Watson shows us all the right thing to say to a junior hunter when they miss. Such an excellent example deserves more than just an appearance on a page in WesternHunter.com  both Timothy and Jim Watson will be sent the soon-to-be released WesternHunter.com t-shirts.
I turned 12 years old just a few days too late to apply for the 2000 deer season in Nevada, but I was lucky and got a leftover youth tag after the main drawing was over. The only area with leftover tags was one in which my family had mostly hunted chukar. My dad calls it the "Badlands" because of its sparse trees, and rolling hills and valleys covered in sagebrush. Dad told me that the area wasn't known for its deer hunting, but in years past my family has seen some big mule deer bucks in the area.
The first morning of our three-day hunt we walked from camp and headed into some higher country. The Winchester 30.06 was awkward at times but Dad said that I handled it pretty well. We had practiced quite a lot and I felt confident that I could make a good shot if I got the chance.
That evening we road hunted and didn't see a thing. We decided that the next morning we would hunt a different mountain range about 20 miles across the valley from where we camped. This meant waking up even earlier, but

########
Rank: 25
Score: 23.683205
Retrieved Text: There are some people who simply can’t live without coffee. The caffeine helps them to stay awake, to be more alert, and to think clearly. So, each morning starts for them necessarily with coffee.
However, if you need your daily fix while you’re out hunting deer, this might be a little more difficult for you.
It’s often said that deer have a superb sense of smell and will be able to smell the coffee you’re brewing.
You’ll also need to be careful about making noise because, if you’ve ever been around deer, you’ll know that even the smallest noise will shock them.
So, without further ado, here is how you can brew coffee while hunting deer.
Of course, this is the easiest way. If you’re too worried about the possibility of deer smelling your coffee or running away from noise, just bring your own.
You can simply brew your coffee at home in exactly the way you prefer. Then, pour it into a thermos to keep it warm and fresh, as the Daily Cupo suggests, and take it with you on your hunting trip.
Taking your own coffee with you can help ensure that you won’t make a lot of noise while brewing it in the forest.
When brewing coffee, the first and most important step is that you use good water. If you’re going to make coffee in the forest, either take your own water (which you should do, anyway), or make sure you find a clean water source.
This means that your water should be cold and clear. You don’t want to use

########
Rank: 26
Score: 23.667595
Retrieved Text: There are plenty of good reasons to provide extra nutrition for the deer in your area. You can help them get the nutrients they need to remain healthy, whether you wish to hunt them or just take pictures of them. The problem isn’t why you wish to feed deer, but rather how to attract deer to your feeder.
Just because you’ve built a deer feeder station for deer doesn’t necessarily mean that they will come, however. This isn’t Field of Dreams. You have to place your feeder in the right place. Then you have to get the deer accustomed to feeding on pellets from your feeder. All of this will take a bit of planning, effort, and time, but you can succeed.
It’s entirely possible that you may need more than one feeder for your deer herd. The general rule of thumb is that you ought to have one feeder for every 25 deer around your area. If your property is huge, you may need several feeders with each one able to contain 600 hundred pounds of feed.
The point is that you want the deer to know for sure that there’s food in your feeder. You also want to minimize how often you fill up your feeder, because human scent makes deer very skittish and anxious.
You need a place that’s not out of the way for the deer to visit. Instead, you want the location to be somewhere that the deer already travel through on a regular basis. Deer tend to have their own routines and habits, and

########
Rank: 27
Score: 23.661386
Retrieved Text: A controversial new case has been going on for over a year now. It involves two target shooters, Ryan Pellman and Matthew Rodgers, who accidentally shot a man while they were sighting in their rifles for the upcoming deer season.
The incident began in October 2016 when two men in rural New York were sighting their .308 Winchester rifles, Del-Ton AR, and pistol.
Pellman and Rodgers were shooting at paper targets without a backstop to catch their bullets and couldn’t see far enough down the lane to see if anyone was there.
That’s why they had no idea that only half a mile away was a man who was mowing his lawn, Kevin Flannery. In between Flannery and the target shooters was a lane of tall grass that prevented them from seeing Flannery.
Flannery apparently moved in and out of the target shooters’ bullet paths as he mowed his lawn, unaware of the shooters being there.
Both Flannery’s mower and Flannery himself were hit. The high-powered rifle shots left him critically wounded and it took months before for him to recover. Flannery wasn’t able to return to work until 10 months later, and he lost 40 pounds during the course of his recovery.
In April of 2017, Pellman and Rodgers were indicted by a Grand Jury. But only a few months later the State Supreme Court overturned that indictment because the evidence didn’t meet the legal criteria for either assault or reckless endangerment.
That’s because, in New York, reckless endangerment requires showing “depraved indifference to human life”. Simply being negligent isn’t enough for

########
Rank: 28
Score: 23.638754
Retrieved Text: It’s amazing what a difference five or ten minutes can make. I had planned to to leave home a little earlier this morning to one of my favourite woodland spots, only to be delayed. As I approached along the busy road that ran besides the woods, I saw a Roe Deer dodging the traffic to cross, presumably to get to the woodlands. Once across it then went back, again dodging the traffic. Then went back again only to return once again to the woodland side. As I was walking towards it one way I could see a cyclist coming the other and I guessed between us we were blocking the only opening between the hedges that stood between it and the fields and woods. Clearly it was getting distressed, so I turned around and went back, passed one of the openings it could take. By the time I turned around it was gone. I guessed it managed to find its way.
Ten minutes into the woods, walking along one of the paths between the now, finally growing undergrowth and I saw a Fox about fifteen metres in front following along the path in the same direction. I don’t know if it had seen me and turned around or simply joined the path and was on it’s way, but I soon lost sight of it.
Barely another ten minutes went by and another Roe Deer. It definitely saw me first as by the time I had seen it, it was already off, barking an alarm call.
Another fifteen minutes and

########
Rank: 29
Score: 23.631649
Retrieved Text: During January whitetail deer may begin to move to their winter ranges, especially in the northern states, where the weather gets cold, the snow gets deep, the crops have been picked and the rut should be almost over. Some does, and in the north, doe fawns, may still be bred at this time. The bucks may continue to rub and scrape sporadically, especially in mid and southern states.
Before we can discuss feeding programs it's necessary to understand how deer use the habitat and how their use of the habitat changes throughout the year. There has been a lot written and said about whitetail home ranges; most of it based on the knowledge of deer in particular areas, or in particular types of habitat. However, whitetails inhabit many different types of habitats: dense hardwood forests, mixed woodland and agricultural, prairie, southern swamp, northern tamarack bogs, open or dense coniferous forests, open agricultural, semi-open river bottoms, and various mountain types. Because of this wide range of habitats the daily habits of whitetails, their home ranges, core areas, and the use of bedding sites varies.
The deer herds in each area are usually made up of a doe and her female offspring, and their female offspring, etc. As long as there is available habitat, and there is not a lot of competition for home ranges, the young females usually remain in the area where they were born. With death from natural causes and hunting there are often available home ranges for the young deer to occupy. Both bucks and does

================



======= Instance Index 44 =========
Input Text: An herbivore like a giraffe will only consume

Which is the correct answer?
- green matter
- sticks
- algae
- cheese

Target Text: green matter

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 26.258993
Retrieved Text: Structural features of marine macrophytes are generally believed to act as defences against herbivores by reducing the ability of herbivores to consume the plants. Thallus form and calcification in particular have been considered structural defences that act by reducing the probability of consumption of tissue by herbivores. Studies directly measuring the mechanical resistance of a variety of marine algae (tropical and temperate) to herbivores of two important feeding types, rasping herbivores (docoglossan limpets) and a biting herbivore (an herbivorous crab), do not support this hypothesis. I suggest that thallus form and calcification may play a more important role in minimizing the impact of herbivores by reducing the probability of subsequent tissue loss due to herbivore-induced damage. For some algal species, tissue lost subsequent to herbivore damage may greatly exceed loss due to direct consumption by herbivores. I suggest that calcification and thallus properties resulting in preferential tear directions reduce the probability of tissue loss subsequent to herbivore damage rather than prevent herbivores from removing tissue as has been suggested in the past.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 25.09869
Retrieved Text: We will take you on the icon area within the Serengeti, Ndutu & the Ngorongoro Crater.
This high spot area of the Serengeti is where the acacia woodlands border the great savannah, attracting herbivore masses of elephant, giraffe, zebra, warthog and more. This diversity means predators abound, including quality sightings of lion, leopard, cheetah & hyenas.
Day 1: Kilimanjaro Airport to Tarangire National Park.
Arrive in Kilimanjaro International Airport, and transfer by road to Tarangire National Park. The drive will take an estimated 2 hours.
After a morning safari in Tarangire National Park, we will depart for the Ngorongoro Crater.
Depart the Crater & leave for the game rich region of Ndutu.
Full days of safari in Ndutu.
After a morning safari in Ndutu, we will depart by road to the eastern Serengeti, a region of open plains and incredible big cat game viewing!
Transport 4WD with pop up roof.
Accommodations full board during safari.
Airport transfers pick up and drop off.
Mineral water all days during Safari.
Tips and gratuities to driver – guide(s).

########
Rank: 2
Score: 24.321293
Retrieved Text: Three all-new programs explore how the human body works by comparing our body’s adaptations to those of other special animals. Did you know that a giraffe and a human being have the exact same number of vertebrae in their necks? Or that there are lizards with green blood? Or that T. rex had teeth up to 12 inches long? We’ll talk about all of that and more in our special presentations aimed at young learners.
Compare the human body’s structure with other animals as we learn about the importance of our skeleton and muscles! See for yourself the differences between our arms, a bird’s wing, and a whale’s flipper, and explore how our muscles work together to make everyday motions like writing a note—or picking up the phone to book this program!—effortless and easy.
This program examines the heart, blood, and kidneys, their development, and how other animals utilize all three. Compare the human heart with that of a rat and a giraffe, and discuss the capabilities and requirements of each organ that led to their development. Take a look at the rainbow of colors that represent the blood of other animals around the world, and examine a set of human kidneys responsible for clearing out impurities from the bloodstream.
Discover the importance of skulls and teeth and how the human brain compares with other animals alive, from the mighty Tyrannosaurus rex to modern sharks. Students will learn how to tell the difference between a carnivore and herbivore based solely on teeth, what makes the human brain so special,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 24.264809
Retrieved Text: accounting firm hired me to lead one of their subsidiaries, where I would manage more than two hundred people throughout North America and Europe.
S0on a striking motif stood out: Giraffa camelopardalis.
The giraffe’s image was everywhere, depicted in plates and paintings, masks and sculptures. I spotted them as souvenirs in art stores and flea markets. There were giraffe themes for blankets, spoons, and statues—even T-shirts. When I asked friends why they collected giraffes, the response was always that they were cute or a symbol of Africa.
Needing more specifics, I researched the exotic animal, learning that giraffes had been paraded through Rome in 46 BC, were eradicated from Egypt in 2600 BC, and once roamed through many parts of Europe and Asia, where fossil remains have been discovered. From classical antiquity the giraffe’s image was depicted on vases, rock carvings, ancient tombs, and even the handles of ivory combs.
Physically the giraffe’s frame is structured for the broadest vision. The unique herbivore epitomizes environmental scanning, relying on its height and vision to manage and see beyond its immediate surroundings. Giraffes serve as lookout posts for the herd and other mammals that graze in the wild. They roam in open areas, avoiding the jungle, where they can’t see their main predator, the lion.
The tallest of all land-living species, giraffes range in height from fifteen to nineteen feet. As they graze, they stand tall, moving forward, walking with dignity, keenly aware of their surroundings. They rarely sleep; a typical rest period lasts about five minutes. Their Superman-like senses, coupled with their

########
Rank: 4
Score: 23.623585
Retrieved Text: The West African giraffe or Niger giraffe (Giraffa camelopardalis peralta) is typically found in the Sagel areas of West Africa. It is an endangered subspecies of giraffe and is mainly recognized by its light orange spots all over its body and neck. The African giraffe’s population is quickly decreasing partly because of hunting and partly due to predation. It doesn’t seem to survive anywhere other than in the south-west Niger in the wild.
The adult West African giraffe is 16 to 19 feet tall and weighs up to 2,800 pounds.
Males are larger than the females. Males have big horns as compared to the females and they are also bald.
The male’s horns reach a length of about 5 inches. Females show thin horns.
The short hairs on the giraffe’s body keep them warm all the time. Giraffe’s coat does not serve as a protection against the extreme cold.
Although giraffes are extremely tall they are able to run as fast as 35 miles per hour. They maintain this speed in short bursts.
Giraffes are one of the animals that possess remarkable sense of hearing, smell, and taste. Because of this giraffes can smell predators when they are miles away.
The weight of the giraffe’s heart is 25 pounds.
West African giraffes are likely to occur in different parts of West Africa including Niger, Cameroon, Mali, Nigeria, and Chad.
They make homes in a wide variety of habitats such as savannas, dense forests, and deserts. Depending on the availability of food and water giraffes can find habitats anywhere.
Niger giraffe is an herbivorous mammal and it

########
Rank: 5
Score: 23.610493
Retrieved Text: Like all Happy Herbivore cookbooks, Happy Herbivore Light & Lean contains filling, flavorful, plant-based recipes that take 30 minutes or less to prepare. But this time, Nixon takes healthy to an all-new level, with low-calorie, satisfying meals that will help you achieve your weight-loss goals?and without deprivation.
True to its title, Happy Herbivore Light & Lean also includes ?recipes” for your body with basic workouts, plus tips and tricks that will inspire you to move more for a trimmer, more-toned you. As always, Happy Herbivore Light & Lean recipes are free from oils, processed foods, and diet chemicals such as artificial sweeteners.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 23.555387
Retrieved Text: Johannesburg has a wide range of family friendly wildlife activities to enjoy while on holiday in Johannesburg. Activities vary from night safaris at the Johannesburg Zoo to holding a Crocodile hatchling at the Croc City Crocodile Farm. Families can look forward to a range of fun activities to enjoy while on holiday in Johannesburg. The city has a range of safe and fun family friendly activities to look forward to, making them ideal for families travelling with younger children.
Here you can climb up the Giraffe feeding platform and get eye to eye with the tame resident Giraffe. The popular cub interaction allows you to touch the cubs and take photographs with them. Guides are able to provide you with interesting information.
The large herbivore species include Black Wildebeest and Giraffe. They are able to roam freely in a large antelope area. Other herbivore species you might spot include Zebra, Impala, Blesbok, Springbok and Gemsbok.
Take a drive through the animal camps and spot Lion, Hyena and Cheetah from the comfort and safety of your own car. Follow the easy route that will take you through the antelope area towards the Hyena and Cheetah enclosures. You will end your journey at the 4 Lion camps.
You are also able to take a guided game drive through the camps. This is an ideal opportunity to learn more about the African wildlife at Lion Park. A trained guide will take you and your family through the different camps and point out different animals while providing you with interesting facts.
The Johannesburg Zoo was

########
Rank: 7
Score: 22.901922
Retrieved Text: One of the most famous and favorite animals is the giraffe. It is interesting that even those who have never seen him alive love him. And you should definitely look at it, at least once in your life.
This is an incredibly graceful animal, elegant and graceful. However, it only seems so at first glance. In fact, the giraffe is just huge, because its growth reaches 6 meters, it is the tallest animal. And such an animal weighs under a ton, and it happens that more. Females are usually smaller.
Of course, the unusual nature of this animal giraffe family lies primarily in its extraordinary neck. In comparison with the body, it is simply incredibly long.
But meanwhile, it has only 7 cervical vertebrae, like any other animal that has a normal or even very short neck. But the neck muscles of a giraffe are very powerful. They are able not only to hold the head of this animal high above, but also allow a large, heavy neck to make any manipulations.
This animal has a very strong and large heart weighing 12 kg. The work of this body is not simple, because it is necessary to pump blood to the brain and disperse throughout the body, and since the brain is far above, it is very important for the giraffe to maintain the necessary pressure, it is three times higher in this animal than in an ordinary person.
With such pressure, the animal could have died with a sharp lowering of the head or raising — too much overload. But

########
Rank: 8
Score: 22.767971
Retrieved Text: More than a quarter of Americans (28 percent) would turn down a date with a vegan, according to new polling.
This number dropped slightly to 25 percent for millennials, says the data from meal delivery service Food Box HQ.
And it appears men are less open-minded than women - with 33 percent saying they would not be interested in dating a herbivore.
Of those who would ditch meat for love, 10 percent said they would then secretly consume a pork chop behind their partner's back.
According to the research, vegans are much more open-minded: with 90 percent saying they would date an omnivore.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 22.37753
Retrieved Text: Ceramic Herb Planter Modern Planters Wooden Planters Herbivore Planter is just one of the many collections of pictures or photos that are on this website. you will get a lot of information about in here. We not only provide information about only, you will get a lot more references to design your dream home. So , don't forget to keep visit earthspromise.org to get the latest information about home design, kitchen, bedroom, bathroom, living room, and furniture and more. Ceramic Herb Planter Modern Planters Wooden Planters Herbivore Planter was posted in December 18, 2018 at 5:27 am. Ceramic Herb Planter Modern Planters Wooden Planters Herbivore Planter has viewed by 10 users. Click it and download the Ceramic Herb Planter Modern Planters Wooden Planters Herbivore Planter.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 22.24121
Retrieved Text: The same great Rod's Food with even more greens! Great for tanks with multiple herbivores, like tangs, rabbitfish, and blennies.
Rod's Original Blend has been on the market for numerous years fulfilling the nutrient needs of fish and corals the world around. Now you can get it the food that many reefers have trusted throughout the years with even more algae. Many animals in the ocean will naturally graze on algae throughout the day and by using a food that has a high algae content will help benefit the overall health of your aquariums inhabitants. For fish, corals, and invertebrates Rod's Herbivore Blend is one of the best all-around foods on the market.
If you keep tangs, rabbitfish, or blennies this food should be in your arsenal.
Fish - It is suggested to feed 2-3 times daily in small amounts that your fish can consume within 3-5 minutes. By thawing a small portion in a cup of tank water, once it is thawed pour into a high flow area.
Coral - It is suggested to feed 1-2 times a week in small amounts through broadcast feeding. By thawing a small portion in a cup of tank water, once it has thawed pour into a high flow area. Once the food is completely dispersed it is recommended to turn off any return pumps or circulation pumps, allowing your corals to consume what it has caught.
Ingredients - Whole shrimp, whole squid, whole oyster, whole clam, whole octopus, perch, scallop, krill, Pacific plankton (like mysis but from the ocean), brine shrimp, fish eggs,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.865416
Retrieved Text: Hey. Go big or go home, right? Let your freak flag fly!
Herbivore is all about being 100% YOU.
We're fans of all the different vegans out there. Wanna spread only messages of kindness? Great. Gotta call it like it is, bold as can be? Awesome. But no matter what kind of vegan you are, there will always be people saying you're "too much" in every direction-- too idealistic, too passionate, too critical, too loud.
Team Herbivore says, keep being yourself! Don't be afraid to be EXTRA YOU, always. Shop all our boldest designs and most "extra" accessories below!
Pssst. Check out the NEW NEW!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.702517
Retrieved Text: When I heard local beauty gurus Herbivore Botanicals was releasing a new skincare product made with cannabis, I wasn’t surprised. That’s so Seattle. Many other beauty companies have been using CBD (Do yourself a favor and get a Kush Queen bath bomb – your welcome) to soothe aches and pains and enhance relaxation for some time, but I love supporting local and was excited to learn why Herbivore decided to dabble with cannabis.
Herbivore Co-Founders Julia Wills and Alex Kummerow have a deep personal connection with cannabis and have always hoped to someday incorporate it into skincare. Their journey with the plant began 3 years ago when Julia was diagnosed with cancer. She found that nothing helped ease her nausea, physical pain, or improve her state of mind like cannabis. She credits the plant to assisting her mind and body to be in an optimal state to make a full recovery from the disease. Happily, today Julia is cancer free!
After pouring a lot of love into the creation of the new Emerald Deep Moisture Glow Facial Oil, Herbivore is excited to release this highly hydrating facial oil that really does leave your skin feeling relaxed and slightly glowy. It’s made with cannabis sativa seed oil (also known as hemp oil) which is an Omega-rich, non-comedogenic oil that moisturizes the complexion and soothes visible redness and irritation without clogging pores. It’s also made with cannabis essential oil which is rich in natural terpenes—the organic chemical compounds that give each strain of cannabis its unique flavor and aroma—and helps

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.465015
Retrieved Text: Extinction, no matter how you see it, is natural. But just because it is natural, doesn’t deny the fact that biodiversity is needed in the world. Humans are usually to blame for the disappearance of many species and although this is true, it is never just the one factor. Here are 10 species of extinct animals you most probably haven’t heard of that once roamed this very earth.
An odd looking mammal, the Sivathere had the appearance of a giraffe mixed with a horse and in fact its line of descendants were an offshoot branch of the giraffe family. The largest ever discovered measured at 2.2 meters and like the giraffe, it was a herbivore. Its skull however was very heavy which required strong neck muscles. Its horns can again strike resemblance to that of the giraffe but much more prominent, it was thought both these horns and the heavy skull marked dominance during breeding season and males would headbutt each other to win over a mate.
Data on their disappearance is sketchy but it is widely thought the change in climate and competition with other ungulates finally became too much for them. They vanished as little as 5,000 years ago.
Found only in Australia and the South Pacific. Unlike today’s crocodiles the Quinkana had a very different body shape. Even though no limb bones of the ancient reptile have ever been found, data from other ancient crocodiles at the time shows that they had relatively long legs. This made them better adapted to life on land than on

########
Rank: 14
Score: 21.225922
Retrieved Text: Dakota, named after her discovery in North Dakota is no ordinary dinosaur find. The 67 million year old hadrosaur has begun unlocking secrets to the evolution of dinosaurs. This herbivore was mummified then fossilized preserving tendons and ligaments. It is very common to only find fossilized bones of dinosaurs, and very rare to find them joined together as they would be in real life. Some paleontologists say that if you find a complete fossilized dinosaur skeleton within your lifetime, you have hit the jackpot. For such an epic and preserved find the body had to come by many specific circumstances. The hadrosaur had to escape predators, scavengers, as well as decomposition due to the elements. Before bacteria was able to consume the tissue, it is believed to have been mineralized through a chemical process. It is miraculous how such an important specimen to science survived undamaged for approximately 67 million years. Using a CT scanner paleontologists were able to discover exactly how much muscle was in between the bones and skin of the tail. Dinosaurs are now believed to be even larger than first thought. The muscles at the base of the tail prove that this dinosaur moved much faster than predicted. A whopping estimate of 45 kilometers per hour. The muscle mass at the rear end of Dakota was calculated at 25% larger than first believed. This is an incredible find. Are all dinosaurs bigger and faster than first thought? Would mankind survive against these colossal reptiles? Will we ever find preserved cells leading to

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.971357
Retrieved Text: Herbivory is the consumption of plant tissues by animals. This usually has a negative impact on plant growth and reproduction, and so imposes natural selection on plants, thereby favoring the evolution of traits that reduce losses (defenses).
Plants have developed physical defenses that reduce the likelihood of herbivory.
Terrestrial plants generally lose less than 10 percent of annual production to herbivores. Fish can consume 100 percent in some shallow-water marine systems in days or weeks, and single-celled algae are often eaten as fast as they reproduce. A few terrestrial herbivores (gypsy moths or locusts, for example) occasionally experience population explosions during which they may totally defoliate their preferred food plants over wide areas A loss of even 15 percent of annual production can reduce plant growth and fitness.
The fact that some herbivores occasionally can consume most or all vegetation suggests that something prevents this most of the time. Two dominant opposing hypotheses are that "top-down" forces (predators, parasites , disease) limit herbivore populations so all plants are not consumed, or that "bottom-up" forces (plant quality) prevent herbivores from eating some plant tissues. In reality both forces combine to limit herbivores and herbivory. Herbivore damage is greater in simplified managed systems, reflecting the loss of these interactions.
Plants have developed numerous physical (spines, thorns, tough tissues, sticky resins, and hairs) and chemical defenses that may reduce herbivory. Some of these are fixed (constitutive), whereas others are only produced (induced) when the plant is attacked. A tremendous diversity of plant biochemicals are toxic, repellent, or antinutritive for herbivores of all types.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.941479
Retrieved Text: Description : Download editabletemplates.com's premium and cost-effective Herbivore Dinosaur PowerPoint Presentation Templates now for your upcoming PowerPoint presentations. Be effective with all your PowerPoint presentations by simply putting your content in our Herbivore Dinosaur professional PowerPoint templates, which are very economical and available in , green, blac colors. These Herbivore Dinosaur editable PowerPoint templates are royalty free and easy to use.
editabletemplates.com's Herbivore Dinosaur presentation templates are available with charts & diagrams and easy to use. Herbivore Dinosaur ppt template can also be used for topics like lizard,triassic,extinction,large,paleontology,illustration,teeth,behemoth, etc.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.921736
Retrieved Text: Spodoptera litura infested rice leaves released much higher amounts of volatiles than those in mechanical damaged and healthy plants. The contents of several green leaf volatiles ( (E)-2-hexenal, (Z)-3-hexen-1-ol, (E)-2-hexen-1-ol), methyl salicylate (MeSA) and terpenoids were increased dramatically in S. litura infested plants. Green leaf volatiles, MeSA and methyl jasmonate (MeJA) significantly inhibited the seedling growth of tomato seedlings in a dose- dependent manner. Linalool and β-caryophyllene had a slightly inhibitory effect on the seedling growth of tomato at low concentrations. The expression of LoxD and AOS, two important genes in the biosynthesis of jasmonates, were induced in tomato leaves as consequence of herbivore-induced rice green leaf volatiles treatment. However, no AOS transcripts were detected in either linalool or β-caryophyllene treated tomato leaves. The effects of the exogenous MeJA on transcript accumulation of LoxD and AOS in tomato leaves were also investigated. The results showed that MeJA treatment induced strong expression of LoxD and AOS exactly as green leaf volatiles treatment did. Further studies showed that herbivore-induced green leaf volatiles had similar effects on the expression of tomato herbivore defense-related genes PI-¢ò.
Herbivore-induced plant volatiles can inhibit the growth of other plant nearby, which may benefit the plant in natural ecosystem and evolutionary course.
It has been well documented that a variety of plants can emit volatile compounds when damaged by herbivorous arthropods. These induced volatiles provide natural enemies of the herbivores with important information, which make plant indirectly control of herbivore populations by herbivore’s predators and parasitoids (Dicke 2000). However, when herbivore-induced plant volatiles are released into

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.906828
Retrieved Text: Why did you choose these fascinating animals for your documentary?
There are two reasons: first, there are not many documentaries about these magnificent longnecks. Wildlife filmmakers have overseen the tallest animal for long time. And that in spite the fact that giraffe have hundred percent sympathy by the audience. So, why isn't there not any films? Maybe it is because giraffe do not fit into the 16 by 9 formate, maybe many producers thought giraffe are beautiful but boring. That was my second reason to do the film: i think giraffe are not boring. In fact they are very interesting social animals with a lot of surprising behavior.
How long did you stay in Africa to shoot your film?
We shot the giraffe documentary in 4 months in 4 different counties: Uganda, Kenya, Namibia and South Africa. We wanted to film our stars in different environments to show there fantastic adaption to harsh and challenging surroundings, not only in the savannah.
In general, giraffe, like most of other animals, do not read film scripts. So they often did not act like we have planned. Some group of giraffe were very shy and we had to be very cautious to follow them. So they sometimes forced us to overnight where they lived, in the middle of nowhere, where sandstorms and more than 40 degrees Celsius challenged the whole crew. And it took us some time to film the giraffe with a small noisy drone from they sky. First the animals mistook that machine with a bee swarm and run away. After

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.877785
Retrieved Text: The 63mm 2-Piece Herbivore Grinder is the largest of the Herbivore line of dry herb grinders. The larger chamber of the Herbivore Grinder enables you to grind more dry herb faster.
Unlike plastic or wood herb grinders, the 2-Piece Herbivore Grinder features a powerful aluminum build that can withstand any adventure you bring it on. The extra strong teeth ensure quick and even grinding that prepares dry herb for efficient vaporization. The highly durable aluminum is both lightweight and sturdy, perfect for on-the-go excursions. The large herbivore grinder is the best herb grinder for large loads of dry herb, offering efficient grinding with a precision design that’s built to last.
Lightweight product! Easy to operate!!! The sharp teeth make the job easier. Just put your herb inside the grinder, and it will crush it in a few seconds.
If you are looking for the grinder that can help you grind your cannabis buds faster, I would like to recommend this product. Ample space to hold enough herb!! The product works well and smooth. Durable piece with classic look!
I loved the product!!! Delivered on committed time. Good quality material, sturdy than expected. I guess it would last for a long time if not lost! Highly recommended to all patients!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.83616
Retrieved Text: we need resilience and passion to live in a world where objects of wonder like giraffe are also targets of violence – from an AK-47 to a neck snare or simply land that no longer welcomes these wandering giants. So look at the giraffe again. Stare into those eyes. We must do better for them. One couple dedicated their lives to that mission.
How does it feel to get knocked down by a wild giraffe? What’s it like to take gunfire flying in a helicopter? Questions like these and many more have become common knowledge for Dr. Julian and Steph Fennessy. Julian came from Australia and Steph from Germany. Like many, Africa drew them in and Julian specifically chose to do his PhD on giraffe when he realized so little was scientifically known about them as compared to other iconic species like elephants or lions. It was a strange journey to be on the cusp of just beginning to understand one of the most recognizable and beloved creatures on the planet.
general knowledge of the species and the risks they face. Not long after that, the Fennessys co-founded the Giraffe Conservation Foundation (GCF) in 2009 in Namibia as the world’s only charitable organization concentrating solely on the conservation of wild giraffe. Their research and publications have brought us out of collective ignorance. In just the last 30 years, Africa’s giraffe population has plummeted by 40%. Observing them on our African safaris now, appreciation also includes urgency to make sure there are future generations of giraffes to still tower

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.638086
Retrieved Text: If you’re headed north to the island of Hokkaido with kids and are swinging through the Asahikawa area, you might want to put the Asahiyama Zoo on your list.
Asahiyama Zoo is considered Japan’s top zoo (at least, from what I discovered, it attracts more annual visitors than Tokyo’s Ueno Zoo). It’s well-known for its cold weather denizens, polar bears and seals and penguins mainly. Indeed, these animals are placed front and center when you enter the zoo in enclosures that are quite impressive for a Japanese zoo. (Zoos here aren’t necessarily noted for their roomy animal cages. In fact, some zoos just make me sad.) At both the penguin and polar bear habitat, you can see the animals from multiple levels, even getting an up close look at the polar bears from special viewing portals that rise up from the exhibit floor.
Behind the arctic (and antarctic) dwellers, there are a few enclosures that feature Hokkaido residents, like deer and wolves. At the top of the hill, a number of cement bunker-like structures with outdoor caged areas hold a variety of simians, from orangutans to baboons.
Beyond that, the zoo peters off a bit. There is a children’s petting area with creatures like dogs and goats, though no animals were available to touch when we were there. A lone hippo and giraffe hold court on the zoo’s western side and a large herbivore house (elephants, perhaps?) is scheduled to be opened late in 2013 or early in 2014. Until then, it’s a long walk along a plain cement

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.579025
Retrieved Text: The Long Drink - Giraffe by John Banovich.
This is a great African Wildlife painting, It depicts a young giraffe bent in an awkward position with its feet spread apart and head down drinking from a pool of water. This position leaves the the giraffe in an extremely vulnerable state. The giraffe is able to whip its head up and down because the veins in its neck are equipped with special valves which keep it from getting dizzy. Its heart weighs 40 times more than a humans and pumps ten times as much blood. Although its neck is over seven feet long, it only has seven bones - the same as humans or even mice - but each bone is up to one foot long.
The Long Drink - Giraffe by John Banovich was released as a Signed and Numbered Limited Edition of only 350 Giclee Canvas art prints with a 14 x 11 image size and is for sale for $225 unframed. They are in mint condition and have never been framed. If you like the design shown above we can build it and ship anywhere. The total price is $495 includes complete framing and canvas, may take 2 to 3 weeks for delivery. African Wildlife art prints and Giraffe art prints for sale framed any way you want or unframed. Order your print today. All prints are professionally boxed and insured and guaranteed to arrive in mint condition. John Banovich Canvas Art Prints and Paintings for sale. Original African Wildlife Artwork on sale painted by Montana

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.575422
Retrieved Text: The Masai Giraffes are located in the African Savanna Section of the Toronto Zoo.
The Masai Giraffe [Giraffa camelopardalis tippelskirchi] is also known as the “Kilimangaro Giraffe”. It is the largest subspecies of giraffe and the tallest land mammal on earth! Males can reach up to 18 feet in height, and females up to 14. Their life span is between 15-20 years. Masai Giraffe’s are located in the African Savanna south of the Sahara Desert .
Giraffe’s can often been see “chewing their cuds”. Just like cows, they are ruminants, which means they have stomachs with several chambers.
That giraffes “moo”, “hiss”, “roar” and “whistle”?
Image at right: Toronto Zoo giraffe.
and read all about the Masai giraffe here.
Notice the tufts of long thick hairs on the giraffe’s tail? This is used to flick off flies. Giraffes have the longest tails of any other land animal, and can be up to 8 feet long!
A giraffe’s heart is very large in order to pump blood to their brains along their very long necks. Having such a long neck makes it hard for a giraffe to reach food that is on the ground. In the image below, we see how a giraffe needs to spread its forelegs apart in order to pick up food. It’s feet are about the size of a dinner plate – 12 inches!
Zookeepers have made a walking trough to make feeding for the giraffes' easier. Hay is placed in a way such that the giraffe does not need to bend its neck far down.
that the coloured splotches on a

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.561754
Retrieved Text: The rhinoceros (Rhinocerotidae) is an herbivorous mammal which means that it never hunts for the food because it doesn’t need to. All rhino species seem to rely on vegetable matter including fruits for the consumption. They spend most of the time browsing through the wild habitats while searching out green matter to feed on.
Nearly all rhino species are thought be active just before nightfall and early in the morning but they do show slight difference in their feeding preferences.
The Sumatran rhino (Dicerorhinus sumatrensis) is a critically endangered rhino species. Like other rhinos, the Sumatran rhinoceros emerges at dusk and also in the morning.
The rhino is a regular browser and the animal seems to rely on a variety of tropical forest plant life.
Scientists have studied the feeding behavior of Sumatran rhinos and that tells us that rhinos eat in small patches. These patches might be around riversides, or created by some landslides or tree falls.
Sumatran rhinos fancy eating fallen fruits such as wild mangoes or even figs.
They will eat up to 50 kg (110 lb) a day. Studies show that Sumatran rhinos feed on 100 species of food. Prominent among the food is tree sapling that covers major portion of the diet.
Sadly enough, these tree saplings are not abundant and thus the scarcity pushes the rhino to feed on different species.
They also rely on Eugenia.
Sumatran rhinos eat food which offers only a small amount of protein but it is rich in fiber. They generally eat plants that are rich in minerals.
The woolly rhinoceros (Coelodonta antiquitatis) is an

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.428717
Retrieved Text: Home » Blog » My Favorite Things » Animals » 12 Fantastic Giraffe Gifts for Giraffe Lovers!
12 Fantastic Giraffe Gifts for Giraffe Lovers!
Whenever you say the word giraffe, the first thing that comes into your mind is the gracious long neck of this creature. Giraffes are used symbolically to tell us to stick our necks out, stretch our horizons and encourages us to be the best version of ourselves. Giraffe’s long neck may also mean visualizing a long reaching goal no matter how grandiose it is. Giraffe people are known to see the big picture in every circumstance and have the knack for trends. The giraffe also symbolizes perception and insights. If you are a giraffe person or someone close to your heart is one then you should check out our twelve great giraffe gifts that feature the majestic giraffe.
Gifts can be something that someone wishes to have for a very long time. It can also be something that they can use at home and would be delighted to receive. Home items are great gift ideas since these are economical and useful too. Check out our giraffe gift items that are ideal for your home from the list below.
Giraffes are not only known for their beautiful long necks but they are also known for having great facial features. If you are in love with this majestic creature’s face or knows someone who adores a giraffe then this giraffe cushion cover would be a great gift idea! This giraffe cushion cover features the face of the giraffe

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.415379
Retrieved Text: The 55mm 4-Piece Herbivore Grinder is an essential tool for thorough vaporization of dry herb. This mid-sized 4-Piece Herbivore Grinder breaks dry herb down so there's more surface area with which heat can make contact. By evenly grinding your dry herb, the 55mm Herbivore Grinder helps you get the most out of each bowl. The solid aluminum body is built-tough, and the teeth are sturdy and sharp. The 4-Piece Herbivore Grinder features a bottom compartment with a pollen screen for collecting your most precious "material". Included with the Herbivore grinder is a felt pouch for traveling and a scrape tool for cleaning.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.3284
Retrieved Text: The number of giraffes in the world is sadly declining, and as a result two different species have been added to the ‘critically endangered’ list of animals.
The Kordofan giraffe and the Nubian giraffe, which are found across East, Central and West Africa, are now classified as ‘critically endangered’, while the Reticulated giraffe, which is native to the Horn of Africa, is listed as ‘endangered’. Other species of giraffe have also been graded as ‘vulnerable’ and ‘near threatened’.
The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Red List of Threatened Species has revealed that these giraffes are ‘in serious trouble’.
These species of giraffe were listed as ‘vulnerable’ on the Red List in 2016, but have now been ‘uplisted’ on the 2018 update.
There are currently nine subspecies of giraffe, seven of which have been assessed by the IUCN. Five of the subspecies were assessed for the first time ever, so it was a shock for researchers that three of them are now endangered.
The only species of giraffe to listed as ‘least concern’ is the Angolan giraffe, which is found mainly in Botswana, Namibia and Zimbabwe. The South African giraffe also appears to be doing well, while the numbers of Masai giraffe have ‘plummeted’ and ‘will most likely be placed within one of the threatened categories of the IUCN Red List’ according to an IUCN report.
Whilst giraffe are commonly seen on safari, in the media, and in zoos, people – including conservationists – are unaware that these majestic animals are undergoing a silent extinction.
While giraffe populations in southern Africa are

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.312687
Retrieved Text: In her latest Happy Herbivore book, Lindsay S. Nixon provides what her readers have been clamoring for—a practical, in-depth guide to living the plant-based lifestyle. A plant-based diet is not about saying “no” to a variety of foods. It’s about saying “yes” to you and your health. It’s about saying “yes” to whole, good-for-you foods that make you feel (and look!) great.
Embracing any new lifestyle means changes, questions, and skeptics at your door. You don’t have to face that alone. Nixon has been successfully living the Happy Herbivore lifestyle for years and during that time, she’s helped thousands of clients make the transition. In The Happy Herbivore Guide to Plant-Based Living, she expertly walks you through how to thrive as a happy herbivore, from making the transition to living plant-proud every day to overcoming objections from your family and friends.
The Happy Herbivore Guide to Plant-Based Living is the essential and ultimate guide you’ve been waiting for to help you transform your life through plant-based eating.
From the basics of what a plant-based diet entails (it’s similar to a vegan diet, but goes even further into the realms of healthiness, eschewing oils and consisting of only unprocessed plant foods) to pantry staples, from eating right while on the go to dealing with negativity and questions from others, Nixon covers most every question readers might have about how to make a plant-based diet work for them.
The Happy Herbivore Guide to Plant-Based Living is the best book to explain the concept of a plant-based, whole food lifestyle.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.299358
Retrieved Text: Few people realise the extent to which giraffe populations are declining. In 2015 the world’s tallest land mammal moved from “Least Concern” to “Vulnerable” on the IUCN Red List, with estimates of a 40% overall decline of giraffe populations since 1985. Of the nine currently recognised sub-species of giraffe five sub-species are decreasing.
There are two subspecies of Giraffe at Yorkshire Wildlife park, two Reticulated Giraffe, one endangered Rothschild’s Giraffe and one hybrid. Rothschild’s giraffe like Yorkshire Wildlife Park’s Jambo are endangered, with less than 1,100 left in East Africa. To put this into perspective, there are approximately 5,000 Reticulated giraffes like Palle and Jengo left in the wild.
Currently the IUCN only recognise the giraffe as one species, however recent research by the Giraffe Conservation Foundation (GCF) and the Senckenberg Biodiversity and Climate Change Research Centre have found that there may be four different species of giraffe instead of one. Should the new genetic findings be confirmed and accepted, this would mean three out of the four species being listed as under considerable threat on the IUCN Red List.
Overall, human population growth poses the greatest threat to giraffe populations today.
Habitat loss, expanding industry and agriculture, hunting, human conflict and other human factors are pushing this magnificent animal to a silent extinction.
Yorkshire Wildlife Park Foundation are regular supporters of the Giraffe Conservation Foundation (GCF). GCF is the only NGO in the world that concentrates solely on the conservation and management of giraffe in the wild across Africa. Dedicated to a sustainable future for all giraffe populations in the

================



======= Instance Index 45 =========
Input Text: Climate change has sped up dramatically because

Which is the correct answer?
- CO2 production has accelerated
- a rapid decline the production of carbon dioxide
- oxygen levels have spiked
- Fe has been present in an overabundance

Target Text: CO2 production has accelerated

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 24.482794
Retrieved Text: A top US academic has dramatically revealed how government officials forced him to change a hugely influential scientific report on climate change to suit their own interests.
Harvard professor Robert Stavins electrified the worldwide debate on climate change on Friday by sensationally publishing a letter online in which he spelled out the astonishing interference.
He said the officials, representing ‘all the main countries and regions of the world’ insisted on the changes in a late-night meeting at a Berlin conference centre two weeks ago.
Three quarters of the original version of the document ended up being deleted.
Prof Stavins claimed the intervention amounted to a serious ‘conflict of interest’ between scientists and governments. His revelation is significant because it is rare for climate change experts to publicly question the process behind the compilation of reports on the subject.
Prof Stavins, Harvard’s Professor of Business and Government, was one of two ‘co-ordinating lead authors’ of a key report published by the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) earlier this month.
Previous Article Where to for Western Democracy when voters vote themselves the Treasury?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 23.596462
Retrieved Text: Natural Products Companies Just Hit 1,000 Climate Action Commitments!
Honest Tea today announced commitments to fighting climate change by reducing the climate impact of packaging and reducing short-lived climate pollutant emissions, surpassing the 1000th commitment to climate action made by companies in the natural products industry since the Climate Collaborative’s launch in 2017.
“From our first day of business twenty years ago, our mission has always been to reduce our environmental impact as we scale the business,” said Seth Goldman, co-founder and TeaEO Emeritus of Honest Tea. “We are proud to take a stand with the Climate Collaborative to fight climate change and challenge ourselves with respect to our impact on the environment."
Through the Climate Collaborative, the natural products industry is spearheading a movement to transform the industry’s approach to climate change. Just as they successfully did with organic, fair trade and non-GMO, natural products companies are coming together tackle the most urgent issue of our time. In just over a year, 276 companies have made over 1,000 commitments directly aimed at reversing climate change. Commitments include switching to renewable power, reducing the climate impacts of packaging and transportation, integrating carbon farming practices into their supply chain, reducing food waste, and more.
“We're not just running toward a low-carbon future because of climate change. We're running toward it because it's better,” said former EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy in her keynote at Climate Day in March, adding, “Businesses are stepping up and saying that my customers and business must address climate change because it threatens our economy."
These companies represent an

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.952898
Retrieved Text: President Donald Trump once again cast doubt on the scientific consensus behind climate change Wednesday night because forecasters said it could be cold in parts of America this week.
However, Trump’s suggestion that cold weather means the climate isn’t changing is wrong. NASA notes that weather is a short-term event (raininess, cloudiness, humidity, etc.), while climate is a measurement of weather over time.
The world’s scientists overwhelmingly agree that the climate is changing rapidly, and the planet has already warmed dramatically since pre-industrial times due to human activity. A landmark scientific report released by 13 federal agencies last year reached the same conclusion.
Trump, however, has regularly expressed doubt about climate science and has appointed many like-minded officials to senior government positions, including the leaders of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Interior Department.
Climate scientists lambasted the president’s message Wednesday, saying there was “nothing unusual” about it being cold in November.
The president’s comments come as California is dealing from the ongoing effects of several massive wildfires, including the devastating Camp fire that left at least 81 people dead. It’s difficult to link any specific natural disaster with climate change, but scientists note that California’s climate has been changing in recent decades, which may contribute to fires happening more frequently and growing far bigger.
Trump toured the ruins of Paradise, a town in Northern California that bore the brunt of the Camp fire. When asked if he believed climate change had contributed to the blaze, the president demurred, saying a “lot of factors” were to blame.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.947899
Retrieved Text: FlashDevelop is a free and open source code editor.
Experience coding with ActionScript 3.
‘Meteor Storm TP’ is a free game for iPad only that I made using Flash and published using Adobes upcoming AIR 2.7. AIR 2.7 has changed how previous content is compiled to iOS and has DRAMATICALLY sped up performance.
Made with Flash using Stage3D, published with AIR 3.2, and the Flare3D!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.932655
Retrieved Text: Tuesday night, U.S. Representative Andy Biggs discussed a variety of constituent issues; some of his opinions garnered cheers and others that provoked boos.
In his first town hall since being elected, Biggs shared his opinion on issues that varied from how he would hypothetically call to impeach Trump if ties with Russia were found, his support of fewer government regulations, to him telling the audience he was still a climate change skeptic.
However, the topic most discussed was the Republican’s new health care bill and their attempt to repeal the Affordable Care Act.
Later a woman asked him about what would happen to people in high-risk insurance pools that would cause patients to struggle to pay for medicine, an issue she is worried about because multiple family members have Type 1 Diabetes.
Another man asked Biggs why he supported a bill that would allow ISPs to sell user’s browsing history.
The last question of the night was if he agreed with the overwhelming amount of scientists who believe climate change is sped up by human activity.
Biggs, a member of the House Science, Space and Technology Committee, responded by saying he has read reports from scientists that both believe and do not believe in climate change and that he is still skeptical it is occurring.
“I think that what they say is actually valid and is something that maybe you should look at as well. There are credible scientists who say climate change exists… we aren’t sure why. There are credible scientists who say that. There are credible scientists who say it doesn’t,”

########
Rank: 5
Score: 22.920994
Retrieved Text: Agriculture had a ‘green revolution’ in the 1960s, resulting in greatly increased production. But it still isn’t green. According to the US Environmental Protection Agency, agriculture – and the associated deforestation – contribute a combined 24% to global greenhouse-gas emissions, making it almost equal with power generation, at 25%, and well ahead of transport (14%) as a climate-change culprit[footnote]“Global Greenhouse Gas Emissions Data,” published by the US Environment Protection Agency on 21 March 2018.[/footnote]. But agriculture is also a climate-change victim. Farmers will have to dramatically improve crop yields to feed the growing world population, with rising global temperatures making that task all the more difficult. Surprisingly, the prospect that such a fundamental contributor to human existence appears caught up in a negative feedback loop rarely features in climate change debates – at least in investment circles. Perhaps the world is more willing to accept a high carbon dioxide-emitting agriculture sector (as opposed, say, to an oil-driven transport industry) precisely because it is essential to life: after all, we can live without long-haul flights, but not food.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 22.868969
Retrieved Text: Local communities and major corporations both have an unrecognized chance to reverse the trends in climate change/global warming dramatically. This opportunity exists because according to the scientists one of the major gasses causing problems lives around 12 years. If we can stop adding this one gas to the environment we could rather quickly see a slowing of the damage it causes.
Local communities and major corporations both have an unrecognized chance to reverse the trends in climate change/global warming dramatically. And it's not about buying a smaller car, or using less electricity.
This opportunity exists because according to the scientists one of the major gasses causing problems only lives around 12 years. If we can stop adding this one gas to the environment we could rather quickly see a slowing of the damage it causes.
Unless something is done to increase food production substantially, food availability per citizen worldwide will drop almost in half over the next 35 years. This is because the population of the world is increasing, while historic farm areas are having production reduced by changing climate.
The increasing drought in the west and flooding in Texas point to an opportunity for North Carolina, which may not be factored into our economic development plans yet.
A surprising amount of the drinking water in the United States has already been used by toilets and passed through an old sewage treatment plant upstream, and back into a river where the next city downstream drinks from it.
The river also gets run-off from farms and feedlots, and storm water from parking lots.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 22.829378
Retrieved Text: Physicists at the University of Toronto have discovered that changes in the Earth's ozone layer due to climate change will reduce the amount of ultraviolet (UV) radiation in northern high latitude regions such as Siberia, Scandinavia and northern Canada. Other regions of the Earth, such as the tropics and Antarctica, will instead face increasing levels of UV radiation.
"Climate change is an established fact, but scientists are only just beginning to understand its regional manifestations," says Michaela Hegglin, a postdoctoral fellow in the Department of Physics and the lead author of the study published this month in Nature Geoscience.
Using a sophisticated computer model, Hegglin and U of T physicist Theodore Shepherd determined that 21st-century climate change will alter atmospheric circulation, increasing the flux of ozone from the upper to the lower atmosphere and shifting the distribution of ozone within the upper atmosphere. The result will be a change in the amount of UV radiation reaching the Earth's surface which varies dramatically between regions: e.g., up to a 20 per cent increase in UV radiation over southern high latitudes during spring and summer and a nine per cent decrease in UV radiation over northern high latitudes by the end of the century.
While the effects of increased UV have been widely studied because of the problem of ozone depletion, decreased UV could have adverse effects too, e.g., on vitamin D production for people in regions with limited sunlight such as the northern high latitudes.
"Both human and ecosystem health are affected by air quality and by UV radiation," said Shepherd.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 22.815939
Retrieved Text: Fox News Anchor Martha MacCallum: Climate Change Is Just Caused By "Nature" And "Volcanoes"
Fox's Kilmeade On Responding To Climate Change: "Put A Sweater On, Or Take a Sweater Off"
MARTHA MACCALLUM: I mean the climate has changed over the course of the thousands and thousands of years that the Earth has been in existence, it has changed, you know, by several degrees up and down over the course of it. I just don't think that there is convincing evidence that the presence of man has altered that more dramatically than say the earth being covered with volcanoes emitting, you know, naturally noxious gases.
ALISYN CAMEROTA: So you're saying that it's cyclical? Brian wouldn't even go that far, by the way.
MACCALLUM: Yeah. I'm saying that it's nature.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 22.641983
Retrieved Text: Originally Published: April 19, 2008 7:31 p.m.
PRESCOTT - Humans might have just a half-century to dramatically reduce their greenhouse gas emissions before climate change becomes irreversible, a science expert told a Prescott audience Wednesday.
Mike Crimmins, an assistant professor and climate science extension specialist at the University of Arizona, spoke to Prescott residents as part of the local events leading up to Earth Day.
Climate change already is occurring, Crimmins said.
The best science indicates that people must reduce their greenhouse gas emissions by about 80 percent in 50 years to avoid a 3.5-degree Fahrenheit increase in temperature that could lead to irreversible climate change, he said.
Crimmins based his talk on the latest climate change report from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC). Approximately 600 scientists from 40 countries produced it, and more than 620 experts and governments reviewed it.
"As the president has said, and this report makes clear, human activity is contributing to changes in our Earth's climate and that issue is no longer up for debate," U.S. Energy Secretary Samuel Bodman said at a news conference.
President Bush has called for a halt to the growth in greenhouse gasses by 2025, but he opposes any mandatory requirements to reach that goal.
"I think the science that stands is very solid," Crimmins said. "It's very difficult to get science better than this to make decisions with."
Crimmins said it's part of his job to get the word out about climate change and its impacts.
"That's a big issue in the science community right now - 'OK, we've done all the work,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 22.375525
Retrieved Text: Climate Central has developed a new tool that brings the reality of future heat to hometowns across the U.S.
Billions of people call cities home, and they're going to get a lot hotter because of climate change.
Scorching summer temperatures are exactly what we should expect in a warming world.
Since the first Earth Day was celebrated in 1970, average temperatures across the U.S. have been rising.
Analysis shows emissions reductions will need to be dramatically accelerated to meet the 1.5°C COP21 goal.
Analysis finds a decrease in the percent of precip falling as snow in winter months for every region of the U.S.
An exceptionally strong El Niño has tampered with the world’s weather, bringing drought, floods and heat waves.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 22.283825
Retrieved Text: USA envoy Zalmay Khalilzad due in Pakistan today In the letter, Trump "stated that his most important regional priority was achieving a negotiated settlement of the Afghan war". Pakistan could play a key role in facilitating talks between the Taliban and government of Afghanistan , he said.
Veteran naturalist and broadcaster Sir David Attenborough warned that climate change will cause civilizational collapse if world leaders fail to set the global community on a low-emission path.
"Carbon pollution has been rising since this government came to office and is projected to continue to rise all the way to 2030, which is as far as the government's projections go", he said, adding that "we are now pretty much the only major advanced economy where carbon pollution and greenhouse gases are going up rather than coming down".
Global leaders and officials are gathering for two weeks of meetings at the 24th Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, or COP24, to create a rulebook that will turn the 2015 Paris climate agreement into a workable reality.
The comments came at the beginning of a two-week climate conference in Katowice, Poland, where emissaries from almost 200 nations are meeting to determine how the world can dramatically scale back greenhouse gas emissions to abide by the landmark Paris climate agreement and, by doing so, stave off the worst effects of climate change.
Fast forward to December 2018's COP24 climate summit in Poland.
In a rare intervention, presidents of previous United Nations climate summits issued a joint statement as the talks got

########
Rank: 12
Score: 22.14063
Retrieved Text: Climate Change, The Forgotten Issue?
One issue should dominate this election. It will affect the lives of our children and of their children. It has the potential to disrupt economies and topple governments. It is Climate Change.
Already extreme weather events worldwide are causing misery, death and devastation. The World Health Organization estimates that 160,000 people die each year through disease, drought and flooding caused by climate change.
On present trends, the world’s temperature is set to rise between 3º and 8ºC by 2100. Sea levels will rise, devastating deltas, island states, and putting at risk low-level mega cities like Shanghai, New York, Mumbai and London, creating up to 200 million environmental refugees by 2050. Malaria and other diseases are likely to spread dramatically. Food supplies will become erratic as rain-belts shift.
To highlight this issue and to try to bring it on to the political agenda in Derbyshire, we have organized a meeting in Buxton, to be addressed by Dr. Tom Roberts of the Manchester University Tyndall Centre for Climate Research. Dr Roberts will spell out the realities of Climate Change from a non-party political position. Peter Allen, our parliamentary candidate in the High Peak will then outline the policies we propose to counter the threat.
You are all invited, show that Climate Change matters to you by coming along and – please spread the word.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 22.104809
Retrieved Text: Land conversion and climate change have already had significant impacts on biodiversity and associated ecosystem services.Using future land-cover projections from the recently completed Millennium Ecosystem Assessment, Walter Jetz, David Wilcove, and Andrew Dobson have now evaluated how all of the world's 8,750 species of land birds may be affected by environmental change. In their study published in PLoS Biology, they find that 950 to 1800 species may be imperiled by a combination of climate change and land conversion by 2100.
These projections are based on the assumption that birds will not dramatically shift their ranges in response to a changing climate, a process that would lessen the range contractions they predict. While climate change will be the principal driver of range contractions at higher latitudes, their projections reveal that land conversion (e.g., deforestation, conversion of grasslands to croplands, etc.) will have a much larger effect on species that inhabit the tropics. Overall, in the near future, considerably more species may be imperiled by habitat loss because of anthropogenic land conversion rather than climate driven change. This is because birds in the tropics are especially diverse and tend to have small ranges, making them particularly vulnerable to extinction; whereas birds at higher latitudes are less diverse and tend to have large ranges.
The irony here is that the protection of tropical forests is also one of the strongest buffers against future climate change. A vastly expanded reserve network in the tropics, coupled with more ambitious goals to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and monitor biodiversity impacts, will be needed to

########
Rank: 14
Score: 22.02031
Retrieved Text: The year long project conducted by Energy Process Developments Ltd to determine the feasibility of developing a pilot scale molten salt reactor in the UK has been finished and results published. The study reviewed six MSR designs: Flibe Energy, ThorCon, Moltex, Seaborg Technologies, Terrestrial Energy and Transatomic Power.
Feasibility study of developing a Molten-Salt Reactor in the UK.
The MSR scene globally has changed dramatically over the past few years. Several start-ups have come up with innovative designs that have put MSRs on the top table of innovative energy solutions.
​Rory O’Sullivan concludes their study: “The MSR scene globally has changed dramatically over the past few years. Several start-ups have come up with innovative designs that have put MSRs on the top table of innovative energy solutions. These come at a needed time with climate change higher on the agenda than ever. Their enthusiasm and drive to make their proposals happen will hopefully result in a different energy mix in 20 years with a much better outlook on climate change than today”.
Moltex’s Stabe Salt Reactor was identified to be the most suitable configuration for immediate pilot scale development in the UK. All six designs were seen as valid proposals at this early stage of design.
In addition to reviewing the MSR designs, the report includes a comparison of other advanced reactor concepts, a review of the historical and current background, information about liquid fuelled reactors and the related science and engineering.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 22.016874
Retrieved Text: With sales projected to top $1.3 trillion by 2020, B2B eCommerce has become a critical pillar of the wholesale sales strategy. For luxury eyewear brand Linda Farrow, once their retailers had 24/7 access to product information via their B2B portal, it cut down the number of inbound product questions over email and phone, and dramatically sped up the sales process.
Showcase their product line 24/7 and make more money outside of trade show season.
Have a marketing destination point to send retailers to.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 21.985897
Retrieved Text: “In light of recent revelations and scientific reports, we are contacting you regarding our continued concerns with the apparent declining credibility of United States climate data. With almost ten percent unemployment, America cannot afford to base its energy policy on flawed data.
“We have expressed serious concerns about the climate data that is contained in the United Nation’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) 4th Assessment Report for Policy Makers, as well as significant amounts of research done at the Climatic Research Unit (CRU) at the University of East Anglia. We have expressed these concerns because of revelations about how CRU scientists manipulated data and the peer review process to achieve a desired temperature record for the IPCC report. In addition, predictions contained in the IPCC report with regard to melting glaciers, extreme weather events, and disappearing rain forests have proven to be based on grey literature and magazine articles that have no scientific basis. The result has been for policy makers to turn to American data as back up for answers to key climate change questions. Unfortunately, it appears that U.S. data is equally flawed and corrupted by questionable scientific practices.
“We have serious concerns with what this e-mail exchange demonstrates, which is the use of the University of East Anglia’s Climate Research Unit (CRU) data in what was thought to be an independent U.S. data set. Unfortunately, it appears that American data is partially derived from the corrupted data set that has been criticized as too political and unscientific as a result of the Climategate scandal.
“Almost

########
Rank: 17
Score: 21.912125
Retrieved Text: There is strong evidence that extreme weather events – such as hurricanes, floods, droughts and heat waves – are increasing because of climate change. And while it is difficult to blame any single weather event on climate change, scientists agree that climate change brings more extreme weather events with it.
In very broad terms, this is because climate change is putting more energy (heat) into the world's weather systems. This energy speeds up the whole system, increasing the number and intensity of storms.
14 August 2007 - Record-breaking rains have flooded Leizhou, Guangdong province, due to tropical typhoon Pabuk. This man in Egan village is moving his television set.
Models show that climate change could cause thousands more heat-related deaths in many major cities in the coming decades, independent of population growth. Heat waves can also harm crops, livestock, fish populations and wildlife.
The European heat wave of 2003 killed 14,800 people in France alone and more than 30,000 across the continent. According to the French National Institute of Health, the death rate was 60% higher than normal for that time of year. It was by far the worst heat wave on record.
Warm air can hold more water than cool air. Thus, as the atmosphere warms, it can hold more and more water vapour.
This will very likely dry up some areas, dramatically increase precipitation in others, and cause more volatile weather systems in general. The increased precipitation will cause more flooding, flash floods, landslides, erosion, crop damage, and strain on dams.
Just one example: In summer 2004, two-thirds of Bangladesh, along

########
Rank: 18
Score: 21.858944
Retrieved Text: The most profuse greenhouse gases in the atmosphere are carbon dioxide, methane, water vapor, nitrous oxide and chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs). Greenhouse gases, such as carbon dioxide, serve as a mantle, entrapping heat close to the earth surface and increasing the temperature.
The production of greenhouse gases is caused by both natural and human sources although it is widely accepted that climate change has been sped up as a result of human activity. From the start of the industrial revolution, human influence on our planet has has a huge impact. The plain truth is that the greatest source of greenhouse gases are from fuels such as oil, coal, and natural gas. The use of fossil fuels emits tons of greenhouse gases into the earth’s atmosphere. Cars, electricity produced by coal, and fuel burned by agricultural machines greatly add to the amount of greenhouse gases in our atmosphere.
Greenhouse gases have detrimental effects around the world as they contribute to climate change. Heat waves, more intense storms, rising sea levels, ocean acidification, dessert expansion, and changing weather patterns have damaging impacts on the ecosystem. Islands are disappearing and people living in coastline regions have been forced to move.
Additionally, natural greenhouse gases are contributing more to global warming and are also linked to climate changes. The amount of water vapor in the atmosphere has increased in response to the rise in global temperature, caused by the expanded water-holding ability of a warmer atmosphere. Since water vapor is a greenhouse gas, the rate of global warming is greater than ever before.
Finally, the impact

########
Rank: 19
Score: 21.815968
Retrieved Text: Beginning in the latter half of the 20th century, some scientists—and later environmental lobbyists and politicians—began to worry Earth was changing in ways detrimental to humans and the environment. As Earth cooled modestly from the 1940s through the late 1970s, scientists began to warn of—and headlines began to trumpet—the coming of the next ice age.
By the 1980s, however, the purported problem shifted, and scientists and environmentalists began to warn human-created greenhouse-gas emissions, primarily carbon dioxide resulting from burning fossil fuels, are warming the planet and that global warming would cause all manner of catastrophic climate changes—unless humans take extreme actions to stop it.
Greenhouse gasses trap heat, making Earth habitable.
Water vapor is the dominant greenhouse gas, making up 97–98 percent of the greenhouse gases in the atmosphere. Carbon dioxide and other trace greenhouse gases make up just 2­–3 percent of all greenhouse gasses, and the share of carbon dioxide produced by humans is just a fraction of that.
Earth came out of what some scientists refer to as the “Little Ice Age” in the early- to mid-1800s, decades before there was a rise in carbon-dioxide emissions, a pattern that historical analyses show is normal.
Humanity’s share of carbon-dioxide emissions grew dramatically, beginning in the middle of the 20th century, with increasing industrialization.
Although there are concerns about the soundness and consistency of the global system for measuring temperatures and disputes over possible data manipulation by various governments (due to the differences between measured and reported temperatures), the global average temperature has risen modestly since the 1880s, by about 1.4 degrees

########
Rank: 20
Score: 21.781208
Retrieved Text: Global emissions of carbon dioxide have reached the highest levels on record, scientists projected last week, in the latest evidence of the chasm between international goals for combating climate change and what countries are doing.
As nations are gathered for climate talks in Poland, this stark message is unambiguous: When it comes to promises to begin cutting the greenhouse gas emissions that fuel climate change, the world remains well off target.
But while most of the world remains firmly committed to the notion of tackling climate change, many countries are not on pace to meet their relatively modest Paris pledges. The Trump administration has continued to roll back environmental regulations and to insist that it will exit the Paris agreement in 2020. Brazil, which has struggled to rein in deforestation, in the fall elected Jair Bolsonaro, who has pledged to roll back protections for the Amazon.
The biggest emissions story in 2018, though, appears to be China, the world’s single largest emitting country, which grew its output of planet-warming gases by nearly half a billion tons, researchers estimate. The country’s sudden, significant increase in carbon emissions could be linked to a wider slowdown in the economy, environmental analysts said.
The United States is the globe’s second-largest emitter. Scientists have said that annual carbon dioxide emissions need to plunge almost by half by the year 2030 if the world wants to hit the most stringent — and safest — climate change target. That would be either keeping the Earth’s warming below 1.5 degrees Celsius — when it is already at 1

########
Rank: 21
Score: 21.754864
Retrieved Text: North American dog fossils—as old as 40 million years—suggest that the evolutionary path of whole groups of predators can be a direct consequence of climate change.
The new study demonstrates that predators are sensitive to climate change because it alters the hunting opportunities in their habitat.
The climate in North America’s heartland back around 40 million years ago was warm and wooded. Dogs are native to North America. The species of the time, fossils show, were small animals that would have looked more like mongooses than any dogs alive today and were well-adapted to that habitat. Their forelimbs were not specialized for running, but retained the flexibility to grapple with whatever meal unwittingly walked by.
Did this transition affect the evolution of carnivores? To find out, Borja Figueirido, a professor at the Universidad de Málaga, and colleagues examined the elbows and teeth of 32 species of dogs spanning the period from ca. 40 million years ago to 2 million years ago. They saw clear patterns in those bones at the museum: At the same time that climate change was opening up the vegetation, dogs were evolving from ambushers to pursuit-pounce predators like modern coyotes or foxes—and ultimately to those dogged, follow-a-caribou-for-a-whole-day pursuers like wolves in the high latitudes.
“The elbow is a really good proxy for what carnivores are doing with their forelimbs, which tells their entire locomotion repertoire,” Janis says.
The telltale change in those elbows has to do with the structure of the base where the humerus articulates with the forearm, changing from one where the front paws could

########
Rank: 22
Score: 21.686172
Retrieved Text: I get asked this question often: Atlas doesn’t post jobs on their main Facebook page, our group Atlas & Friends, or on our Instagram page. Why?
The answer is quite simple really. Based on Facebooks algorithms, you don’t see the most recent posts first. You see what Facebook wants you to see first. That’s just a fact. You can change that, but the next time you log in it will revert back to the default. We all know our industry has sped up considerably. Jobs don’t stay open that long. The number of companies competing to fill each position has increased dramatically, and that means jobs aren’t open that long. So it’s safe to say, any job you see on Facebook is probably filled.
However, there are exceptions. Atlas recruiters are encouraged to manage a Facebook group of their own that is made up of their travelers. Some of those recruiters choose to post jobs in those groups. Why is that different? Posting jobs in smaller niche groups like this have a greater chance of being open. Why? Because it’s generally a smaller audience. In addition, Facebook algorithms learn what you want to see first based on your activity, and it generally likes activity in groups. So, based on that, the likelihood of you seeing the job quicker increases.
Beyond all that of, the practice of blindly posting job after job is no better than phishing. It doesn’t bring you value. Our industry and your career choices are ever-changing. The company you work for should be on the front

########
Rank: 23
Score: 21.662737
Retrieved Text: On this page, we look at the United States as a case study of government-led responses to climate change.
Climate change in the USA: the solution?
Climate change responses can generally be split into two types: mitigation and adaptation. Mitigation means trying to reduce the impact of climate change, while adaptation means changing the response to climate change – either before, during or after it happens. As shown in the graph below, the US could have a major impact on the mitigation of climate change by reducing its emissions of greenhouse gases, which are amongst the largest in the world.
The United States has had a varied response to the issue of climate change. It signed the Kyoto Protocol in 1997 but because Congress failed to ratify (agree) the deal, the US formally left the Protocol in 2001.
Under President Obama, the United States developed a policy that viewed climate change as a real threat that demanded governmental action. Policies of mitigation included a presidential executive order in 2013 that required federal agencies to prepare for climate change, and signing up to the Paris Climate Agreement in 2015 (Merica, 2017).
The US policy towards climate change was dramatically altered by the election of President Donald Trump and a Republican-led House of Representatives and Senate in 2016. Especially important was the reversal of the commitment to the Paris Agreement by the incoming administration early in 2017. The federal government’s reason for the withdrawal was that the agreement was bad for the US economy.
Though some agencies are continuing to prepare for the future

########
Rank: 24
Score: 21.63556
Retrieved Text: Things have been ugly at our southern border for some time, no doubt fueled by the racist rhetoric and paranoia of our president and his allies. The "migrant caravan" charade that played out before the midterms saw Trump send troops to the border and flirt with the use of lethal force. But on Sunday, Trump's grotesque rhetoric escalated into violence, as U.S. Border Patrol agents fired tear gas into a crowd of Central American civilians, including children and infants.
Meanwhile, on the other side of the fence, the reaction of the American public to the violence has been similar to the way many of us reacted when the federal government began separating kids from their parents. People who oppose Trump and the Republican Party are outraged, depressed and shocked by what Americans are doing to their fellow human beings.
The “outraged” and “depressed” parts are sentiments I can certainly relate to. But anyone who claims to be “shocked” by the violence at the border ought to consider one of the driving factors that’s already driving civilian migration around the world: climate change.
Thanks to the buildup of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, our ecosystem is deteriorating at a rate that exceeds most scientific forecasts. In America, the power of today’s super storms and wildfires hits our most vulnerable and underprivileged citizens the hardest, a dynamic that plays out on a global scale.
While residents of Paradise, California (now a smoldering ruin) were incinerated in their cars while trying to escape the inferno, the wealthier enclave where Kanye West and Kim

########
Rank: 25
Score: 21.612452
Retrieved Text: The weather this week made me mad as hell. I was told that we’re in the month of December. In South Africa, that translates to: KE DEZEMBA, PEOPLE!
Time to roll out of bed and put on arm bands! Time to get the braai smoke smell infused into our whole wardrobe! Time to get outside and in Durban, time to sweat!
Yet there we were, sitting with jerseys, staring at the grey weather outside. No one could believe this was December. I almost gave up trying to holiday and went back to work.
Durban doesn’t have a ton of things going for it, but if there’s one thing we did have going for us, it was the weather.
“The hottest place to be,” they said.
And I ask myself, “Well, IS IT the end of the world???” and then I take a couple rescue remedy and ignore scary realities like any normal adult would.
However, a bit of small talk with a certain Prof of Sciences had me a little… shook. I complained about the poor weather, in an attempt at general conversation, and his reply came as a pleasant opener.
He said (to paraphrase) that the earth has been through many different ages and states, and is continually changing. At one point, it faced an Ice Age, and at another, extreme heat. It’s natural that climates will change, but human interferance has definitely sped up the effects.
So there’s the thing I didn’t want to say this was about: climate change.
The cars, the factories, the waste.
We killed Dezemba, and now there’s nothing we

########
Rank: 26
Score: 21.603928
Retrieved Text: I went to a SQL Saturday recently and saw a number of great sessions. If you haven’t been to a SQL Saturday before I highly recommend it. It’s a day of free training and networking put on by Pass. The training is done by members of the community who are volunteering their time to share their knowledge.
Of the sessions I want to this particular weekend a number of them were performance tuning tips and I noticed one very common suggestion. In fact if you read blogs by experienced DBAs you will see the same thing over and over again. So what is this amazing tip that everyone seems to agree on?
Here’s the thing. If a setting worked best one way or the other every time then it wouldn’t be a setting would it? So before you make any changes, make sure you test first. The wider the change (instance setting vs query hint for example) the more careful you need to be. A lot of setting changes will only help occasionally or in fringe situations. Frequently you will find that the change you made that dramatically sped up one query dramatically slowed down multiple others.
You will occasionally find a setting that everyone pretty much agrees on. For example the setting cost threshold for parallelism. Almost everyone feels that it should be increased. Well, to be honest, everyone I’ve talked to thinks it should be increased. But you never know, there might be someone who disagrees. But now ask what it should be increased to. If you

########
Rank: 27
Score: 21.550793
Retrieved Text: Business News›Magazines›Panache›Will a worm finally trump Donald?
Will a worm finally trump Donald?
He is unlikely to change his stance on climate change for a namesake worm.
It is just as well that the newly discovered worm-like amphibian species in Panama is blind and tends to stay underground — and does not understand English. That means those creatures now christened 'Dermophis donaldtrumpi' will not have an opinion on being named after the man accused of recklessly downplaying climate change and its ecological impact.
Actually, the temptation to name a bluish limbless amphibian after an orange-tan human is obvious, considering it is weak-eyed to the extent discerning only light and dark (no shades or subtleties), burrows underground (though not for the same reason as its human namesake) and has an extra layer of skin (invariably used for nepotistic purposes). That the person who discovered the worm graciously relinquished the privilege of having it named after her (or him) is understandable.
But, surely, the idea of millions of donaldtrumpis slithering around — instead of just one in the White House — should have deterred the UK-based company that won the right to name the creature at an auction this week? After all, it is not as if the @realDonaldTrump will dramatically reverse his stance on climate change simply because a few million Dermophis donaldtrumpis may soon be officially affected; he would point out they are Panamanian caecilians (pronounced sicilians), not American anyway.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 21.536695
Retrieved Text: Studies from around the world agree: the world's insect population has decreased dramatically in the past few decades, and agriculture and other industries, as well as wildlife populations, will suffer if it continues.
In 2014, an international team of biologists estimated that arthropods (animals with an exoskeleton) had decreased by 45 percent worldwide over the past 45 years. In some places it's more: a study showed a 76 percent decrease in flying insects in German nature preserves over the past few decades, Ben Guarino reports for The Washington Post. That has triggered a decrease in populations of animals that eat insects, like lizards and birds.
Fewer insects means trouble for humans too. "Thirty-five percent of the world’s plant crops require pollination by bees, wasps and other animals. And arthropods are more than just pollinators. They’re the planet’s wee custodians, toiling away in unnoticed or avoided corners. They chew up rotting wood and eat carrion," Guarino reports. "Wild insects provide $57 billion worth of six-legged labor in the United States each year, according to a 2006 estimate."
Human behavior is believed to be the overarching cause, either because of pesticide use, habitat loss, or global warming. In tropical areas the decrease is more likely caused by rising temperatures, since those insects can only thrive in a very narrow temperature range, and the average temperature of rain forests has increased four degrees in the past 40 years.
In temperate areas, including the Americas, the decrease is more likely because of the effects of climate change, such as droughts. And what bugs are

########
Rank: 29
Score: 21.38321
Retrieved Text: In an interview with 60 Minutes aired Sunday night, President Donald Trump continued to express doubt about whether climate change was man-made, something that is agreed upon by over 97 percent of climate scientists.
Trump’s comments, recorded at the White House Thursday, came just days after the United Nations released an alarming report on climate change that concluded the planet had just 12 years to take drastic action in order to prevent warming beyond 1.5 degrees Celsius, or 2.7 degrees Fahrenheit. A half degree beyond that, according to the report, could have divesting consequences for much of the planet.
But Trump has long cast doubt upon the almost unanimous findings of the scientific community, once claiming that it was a hoax cooked up by the Chinese. While Trump did not go as far as that in his interview with 60 Minutes, he again expressed views dramatically out of step with the scientific community.
Trump has repeatedly expressed pride in rolling back environmental regulations put in place by the administration of his predecessor Barack Obama.
“I don’t want to give trillions and trillions of dollars. I don’t want to lose millions and millions of jobs,” Trump said.
Stahl confronted Trump on his claims, pointing to the huge sheets of ice melting into the ocean in Greenland.
In fact, the website of NASA, a government agency, contradicts Trump’s claims.
“Multiple studies published in peer-reviewed scientific journals show that 97 percent or more of actively publishing climate scientists agree: Climate-warming trends over the past century are extremely likely due to human activities,” reads a section of

================



======= Instance Index 46 =========
Input Text: What is most necessary for a  bitcoin operation

Which is the correct answer?
- abacus
- metal
- plastic
- wood

Target Text: metal

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 24.217644
Retrieved Text: Each day I scroll through Google News and Reddit feeds for the latest information in the world of bitcoin, ethereum, and alt coins. Today I learned that Fidelity Investments, a major financial company [said to be managing $3 to $7 trillion], has been seriously dabbling in the world of cryptocurrencies. Those who closely follow Fidelity are likely aware that the company continues to exhibit increased crypto-friendliness.
Recently, the CEO of Fidelity Investments (Abigail Johnson) attended a conference known as “Consensus” (2017) where she discussed Bitcoin, cryptocurrency, and blockchain technology. At this conference, Johnson highlighted ways in which Fidelity is relating to and interacting with the enigmatic world of crypto. What may have surprised attendees and/or those listening to her speech was the fact that Johnson mentioned Fidelity’s involvement in the mining of cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin and Ethereum.
Why is Fidelity Investments involved in cryptocurrency?
What are your thoughts regarding Fidelity branching out into cryptocurrency territory?
“We set up a small bitcoin and ethereum mining operation… that miraculously now is actually making a lot of money.” (Information attained from The Financial Times indicated that Fidelity purchased hardware from 21 Inc. specifically for this mining operation).
Below are a few things we know about Fidelity Investments’ involvement in the financial realm of cryptocurrency. If you have any additional information that you’d like added to this list – mention it in the comments.
CEO supports crypto: Abigail Johnson is unambiguous in her support for cryptocurrencies – she’s personally mined 200,000 satoshi (I’m not sure how long this takes to do – but based on

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.134771
Retrieved Text: MGT Capital Investments, a New York-based investment firm led by John McAfee that recently began a bitcoin mining operation in Washington has announced a full capacity production output of 2.6 PetaHash during the first phase of its operation.
MGT Capital revealed the completion of the first phase of its operations at its bitcoin mining facility in Washington.
Announced in early July 2016, the mining facility was established near a low-cost hydropower station and was expected to generate over 2 PetaHash in processing power soon after operations began on August 1, 2016. That number has been surpassed, with the mining establishment churning 2.6 PetaHash in the 45 days since launch.
At present difficulty level, the facility is mining over 90 Bitcoin per month with a value of $55,000.
MGT Capital has acquired 16 nanometer ASIC chips for its operation which when coupled with the current price of bitcoin, it says, is helping generate “excellent profit margins”.
Furthermore, MGT claims to be among the top five mining operations in the United States with its current processing power of 2.6 PetaHash. Prior to launch, the facility was touted to scale and expand to generate upto10 PetaHash, which remains the ultimate goal for the operation. For now, the next phase of its expansion eyes a goal of 5 PetaHash that MGT aims to achieve by the end of 2016.
Beyond claims of its expansion and processing turnover, MGT quickly garnered attention following launch of the mining operation by appointing two prominent figures from the Bitcoin space in Erik Voorhees and Roger Ver. Just under a month

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.896982
Retrieved Text: BTC Farming was founded on the belief and trust in the solid benefits of bitcoin. Having been active in bitcoin mining before the worldwide craze, we have been consistently pushing the limits of mining. Our years of experience has gained us invaluable knowledge and insight that are essential for successful and optimum bitcoin mining.
Our story begins from the time when graphics processing units (GPUs) were used to mine bitcoins. The GPU mining era brought an incredible increase in the efficiency of bitcoin mining, and was one of the most profitable periods in terms of bitcoins mined. As the mining difficulty rose and the hardware improved and advanced, so did BTC Farming’s mining technology.
BTC Farming is constantly on the lookout for the latest mining hardware. We utilize only the fastest and most efficient professional miners in the industry. Currently, our hardware consists of powerful mining equipment that is more than capable of creating a positive return in the current bitcoin difficulty rate.
BTC Farming is fully aware of the increasing difficulty level and the recent halving. To combat the unavoidable situation and ensure the continuity of efficient bitcoin mining, we have set up virtual mining centres in several locations.
Establishing mining centres in multiple areas greatly enhances BTC Farming’s mining operation. Such a large scale operation allows us to maximize the efficacy of our mining process as it lowers our electricity usage and maintenance costs while optimizing the cooling system.
At BTC Farming, we are constantly improving the performance of our mining systems and reducing our operation costs. As one

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.320913
Retrieved Text: As noted yesterday, for the first time in three years, and only the second time in history, bitcoin rose above $1,000 in Yuan-denominated Chinese trading, however it was limited to the lower side of this “round number” psychological barrier in US trading, as BTC flirted with $999.99 for most of the day on the popular Coinbase exchange, without crossing it.
Overnight, however, Chinese demand proved too great and US markets had no choice but to arb the difference. So with Bitcoin trading in China at an implied price of over $1,050 at this moment, bitcoin finally soared above $1,000 in the US as well, trading just around $1,024 on Coinbase as of this moment.
Various catalysts for the recent surge have been cited, chief among which is the ongoing crackdown against cash in India providing a new source of demand for bitcoin. However, the most immediate driver of the recent burst in Chinese demand originates, not unexpectedly, from China where Beijing over the weekend implemented even more of what we have said since September 2015 will keep pushing bitcoin relentlessly higher: capital controls.
Recall that as we noted over the weekend, in order to further curb capital outflows, Chinese banks will be required to report all yuan-denominated cash transactions exceeding 50,000 yuan (around 7,100 US dollars) to the People’s Bank of China (PBOC), down from the current level of 200,000 yuan, according to a PBOC document released on Friday. Cross-border transfers more than 200,000 yuan by individuals will also be subject to the report process. In terms of foreign

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.308846
Retrieved Text: Mt. Gox, the best-known Bitcoin exchange, is making an effort to go respectable. On Thursday the Tokyo-based exchange announced the introduction of user verification for currency deposits and withdrawals – that excludes deposits and withdrawals of Bitcoin itself, but it does mean those spending dollars or euros or whatever to buy Bitcoin or sell it may now be logged.
Now, is this a bad thing? Some Bitcoin fans would argue it is – much of the attraction of the crypto-currency is its anonymity of use. That’s not gone in the case of Mt. Gox (the nature of the Bitcoin system precludes such a possibility anyway), but the anonymity of ownership has now been diminished for many if not most users buying into the system or cashing out from this point on.
For those planning to build a legitimate, profitable ecosystem around Bitcoin, this is a completely necessary development.
Look at it from Mt. Gox’s perspective. This last week saw the Liberty Reserve shut down because it was a money-laundering hub. Of course, that operation was allegedly set up for that very purpose and was definitely used as such by criminals, while nobody has levelled such accusations at Mt. Gox (as far as I’m aware), but it would have certainly given the Mt. Gox proprietors pause for thought.
And then there was Homeland Security’s seizure of some Mt. Gox funds earlier this month. This wasn’t an anti-Bitcoin move, as it had to do with Mt. Gox owner Mark Karpeles’s alleged misrepresentation when opening a bank account (he apparently promised he wasn’t

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.304968
Retrieved Text: that may attract higher fees making the transaction expensive. Cash Solutions There is poker geld verdienen strategie a Bitcoin ATM that offers one-stop solutions to people with cash who want to buy Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies. P2P Marketplace Peer-2-Peer What is the best bitcoin p2p exchange? Note that the recipients key and the senders key is what is required in completing a Bitcoin transaction. The Bitcoin wallet address is not necessary, but its useful in case a refund needs to be made. Market alerts and updates. Best for people wanting bitcoin fast and who want to buy with a credit card or paypal with as little hassle as possible. This is not possible since you won&apos;t pass ID verification.
Vice-versa, most Bitcoin brokers also let you specify the amount of bitcoin you want and will charge you the equivalent in fiat. Mobile Wallet This is a form of a wallet that is accessed as a mobile phone app. Click on next on this page you will see the details of the conversion you are making.
(PS: you can also check out our. Convert cryptocurrencies and make use of their potential! Avoid Scams There have been a lot of scams in the world of bitcoin. Secure Bitcoin Hardware Wallets: Bitcoin - What It Is, How To Use It And Bitcoin Wallets As the world marks 10 years from the collapse of the Lehman Brothers Investment Bank, it becomes more relevant to think of Bitcoin. They are similar to forex where you buy and sell on an bitcoin mining was

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.199812
Retrieved Text: Bitcoin paper wallet generated at bitaddress.org. Trezor hardware wallet.In this video, I am going to show you how to a create Bitcoin Wallet and what requires to create bitcoin account.The easiest place to buy, use, and accept bitcoin, ethereum, and litecoin.A bitcoin wallet is a software application that stores your bitcoin.Bitcoin is an innovative payment network and a new kind of money. Choose your Bitcoin wallet. Always remember that it is your responsibility to choose your wallet carefully and adopt good practices in order to protect your money.This environment uses Testnet coins and separate account namespace from our.About Bitcoin.com. Bitcoin.com is your premier source for everything Bitcoin related.
With the Mycelium Bitcoin Wallet you can send and receive Bitcoins using your mobile phone. — 100% control over your private keys, they never leave your.
The Meaning of Bitcoin Mining Software. Since you already have the idea on what is a Bitcoin mining software is including the idea of a wallet,.
Follow Business Insider:. because blockchains are decentralized across every computer that has a bitcoin wallet,.You can use this wallet as a source. any funds from selling bitcoin.Wallet software is available as mobile, desktop, and web apps.
By Princess Clark-Wendel Bitcoin is a type of digital currency established in 2009 as an inexpensive payment method that can be used to buy merchandise and.While a bitcoin wallet is somewhat similar to a more traditional wallet, there are.Find all you need to know and get started with Bitcoin on bitcoin.org.
For a person to be able to receive Bitcoin, you will need a unique

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.192217
Retrieved Text: Canaan Avalon A9 is an Upcoming 30 THS Bitcoin. getwork and stratum support, no registration.
No one knows for sure what its real value is right now, though.
Start Mining Now Start mining with no registration Pick your cryptocurrency and point your miner at the address provided for that currency Use your paymentnbspWelcome.The graph below shows the market share of the most popular bitcoin.This wikiHow teaches you how to mine Bitcoin. power to mine Bitcoin remotely.
Modern Ethereum (ETH) mining pool for GPU mining rigs, PPLNS reward system. Zcash Zclassic Zencash Hush Bitcoin Private. No registration needed Quick Start.
Introducing the Bitcoin.com Mining Pool. Bitcoin.com has developed its own modern Bitcoin mining pool which offers two different payout methods, Pay Per Share.
Nearly 3,000 Bitcoin Miners Exposed Online via Telnet Ports Without Passwords.
Unlike other bitcoin mining. BTC.com is the largest bitcoin mining pool in the.
As mining pools have got bigger, it no longer seems inconceivable that one of them might amass enough capacity to mount a 51% attack.
It was the first Bitcoin mining pool and remains one of the most reliable.Mining pools allow Bitcoin miners to combine their mining efforts and share.Micro-btc.com Mining is Bitcoin cloud mining platform Start bitcoin mining free earn profit daily without hardware.Sell or Buy computing power (hashing power) in the form of Cloud Mining for the purpose of Bitcoin, Ethereum, Monero, Dash, Zcash, Litecoin and other (altcoins.
There are thousands of Bitcoin mining pools on the internet today.
Finding a mining pool is a necessary part of mining Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.Wall Road strategist Tom Lee predicted that

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.0935
Retrieved Text: I am a total newb in the crypto mining world and was researching the profitability of bitcoin mining when I came across bitclub which offers almost 4x more profit.
BitClub Network has been running one of the largest and most trusted mining operations since 2014.
Hashrate refers to the total computing power of the Bitcoin network, and its growth is a.
Bukan program scam yang kata mining tetapi tidak ada dalam senarai hashrate.This includes warranty issues, upgrade of equipment, secure data centre location, and hashrate maintenance. see Benefits of Joining BitClub Network. On August 16 at approximately 8 am EDT the mining pool Bitclub Network mined. of the BCH hashrate and has.
Bitclub network has been in full operation for over 3 years and it is growing daily.
How to Register in BitClub Network? Easy ask me how!
On March 19, the bitcoin mining pool Bitclub Network mined its first Bitcoin Unlimited (BU) block as the mining operation is now signaling support for the.By toggling between the various GPU chipsets you can get a pretty good idea of power usage and hashrate for a. to increased load on the network but Bitcoin.
The bitcoin network appears to be under attack once again. BitClub owns 4.2% of the total hashrate, which makes them one of the largest in the world. Now the mining pool Bitclub is changing the game by mining a BU block when the organization previously mined using the Core client.Unlike some other pools, BitClub Network does not disclose its founders,.This hashrate plus the added signal from Antpool will likely push the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.059553
Retrieved Text: But what does this mean in plain language, and what are the implications for the bitcoin network.
A blockchain is a public ledger of all Bitcoin transactions that have ever been executed. chronological order with every block containing a hash of the previous.Hash Code Definition - Hash code in.NET framework is a numeric value which helps in identification of an object during equality testing and also can.Bitcoin Words - Meaning of Address, Bit, Bitcoin, Block, Block Chain, BTC, Confirmation, Cryptography, Double Spend, Hash Rate, Mining, P2P, Private Key, Signature.Once that is done, I end up with a hash of chunk 2, which is 32 bytes.
Bitcoin Cloud Mining. bitzfree.com offers the most interactive and simple bitcoin cloud mining solution. The Economics of Bitcoin Mining,. meaning that the Bitcoin. addresses in Bitcoin are comprised of a cryptographic hash of the public.
FASTEST BITCOIN MINING IN THE WORLD ONE HASH Promotion Bonus Up To 2 BTC Sign Up Free.
I was wondering if there was a way to calculate the Hash rate of a given card or chip based on the specs like Wattage, MHz, etc.
Thirdly, the Bitcoin blockchain also receives a security boost in the form of the pay-to-script-hash (P2SH),.By definition, the hash rate is the speed at which a computer is completing an operation in the bitcoin code.Bitmain Responds to UASF With Another Bitcoin Hard Fork. (meaning: their private keys. it means the company will take hash power that could have otherwise. A blockchain project being developed by MIT researchers gained new attention this week following criticism of its alleged

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.050966
Retrieved Text: The popularity of bitcoin is now so great that transactions with a decentralized digital currency not engaged except that lazy.
The demand for e-money to explain simply. This type of Finance is not subject to control by any nedlastning public (or commercial) structures. The presence of any intermediaries charging commissions, eliminated completely.
All ongoing financial transactions are confirmed by digital signature that corresponds to the address of the sender. Thus the bitcoin address allows you to control the sending of cryptocurrencies with its own address.
Any transaction in a mandatory manner shall be entered in chronological order in a collective registry access is called Bitcoin or blockchain. This circumstance significantly affects the ability to confirm the accuracy of financial transactions by using the basic user’s device (or desktop computer).
The first step on the way to manipulation of cash flow is to create a bitcoin wallet. This operation is comparable to a e-Bank account in a credit institution. Via Google wallet user stores, retrieves, transmits a cryptocurrency.
In the first case, a bitcoin wallet is installed on a personal computer or other mobile gadget. Only the personal involvement of the owner depends on the effective protection of savings and trouble-free functionality of the software.
In the second case, the electronic wallet resides on the host, i.e. the process involved external resources. So, before you place a “wallet” in the global network, the owner of the digital currency should think twice, what company regulating the space on the server, he can trust. In any case, to use a web wallet is much easier

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.034655
Retrieved Text: Just a quick heads up that the Ethereum network will experience a planned hard fork at some point early tomorrow A few of you have emailed me with questions about what you need to do to prepare, and the short answer is that no action is immediately necessary if you’re primarily worried about the continued operation of your miners. While their blocktimes do not really make much difference, anything below 2.5 minutes is good enough, and anything below 30 seconds is worth looking at. Special technical differences make or break an altcoin, and can really shine when they add sufficient value ontop of Bitcoin; you can see much interest in Anti-ASIC coins, Layers, 2nd generation POS coins, and (less so) Multi-Algorithm coins.
While, I’m not a big fan of the nanny-state accredited investor rules of the SEC that let’s only rich people invest as they see fit, nor of the pattern day trader ” rule that requires to you to have $25,000 minimum in order to day trade the traditional markets (which, by the way, does not apply to crypto markets…yet), there is some merit to the rules.
Due to the number of cryptocurrencies often with no practical utility saturating the market, alternative cryptocurrencies can find it hard to gain any sort of ground in an already diluted market.Bitcoin stood out as the first with good development, Litecoin stood out as a ‘silver to Bitcoin gold’ coin, Peercoin used an innovative POW and POS (proof of stake) combination.
The bottom line is, due to its unregulated nature, the whiplash

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.025852
Retrieved Text: Check the latest Eurozone Euro (EUR) price in Electroneum (ETN).
It allows USD, EUR, bitcoin or Ripple deposits and withdrawals.Bitstamp allows you to buy Litecoin through a wire transfer of USD or EUR.
Unlike traditional currencies such as dollars, bitcoins are issued and.With Gulden you send money to each other, wire it to any IBAN account, pay at Gulden merchants and enjoy a very healthy return.
This Free Bitcoin units calculator helps you convert any amount.
For this operation we used International Currency Rate: 6 807,52745.
Ormeus is an Ethereum-based token backed both by token sales and a geographically diverse industrial cryptocurrency mining operation. LEOxChange is designed by a group of experienced professionals, and employs state-of.
By Jeff Desjardins October 26, 2017 October 26, 2017. Share. What about gold, bitcoins, or other hard. Bitcoin Price (BTC USD): Get all information on the Bitcoin to US-Dollar Exchange Rate including Charts, News and Realtime Price.
Real time exchange rates, highly accurate. 0.001 Bitcoin to Euro, 0.001 BTC to EUR Currency Converter.
Stay up to date with the latest Bitcoin price movements and forum discussion.The ECB (European Central Bank) has produced the first official central bank study of the decentralized cryptographic money known as bitcoin, Virtual.When it comes to your money and your account information, security is everything.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.017235
Retrieved Text: An early and vocal advocate of Bitcoin BCH, Antiguan citizen Calvin Ayre, has now taken the inevitable next step in his investment into the cryptocurrency by opening up his first mining operation.
Most of those with a long history of Bitcoin adoption are now of the view that BCH is the only genuine low-fee, peer-to-peer digital currency. With that vision in mind Ayre has invested significantly in both hardware and software in order to build the ‘hash rate’ of BCH and highlight the all-important scalability of the chain. Ayre will mine only Bitcoin BCH, the one true Bitcoin that follows the original Satoshi White paper.
The new mining operation will be under the same brand as Ayre Media’s recently purchased Bitcoin news portal, CoinGeek.com. CoinGeek.com just launched its new website and focuses on Bitcoin Commerce (bComm), which means, Bitcoin BCH, as the only technology positioned for this function.
Ayre explains: “This is the first step in a whole host of activity in the BCH space that we are rolling out this year. For instance, we are also embarking on a full merchant adoption marketing program. This will help educate not only those who have already embraced the now-dysfunctional, legacy Segwit Coin but also those who are thinking of taking the plunge for the first time; that BCH is the only option for low-fee micro-payments. This will include the industry’s first bComm merchant adoption conference in Hong Kong, May 18th at the Four Seasons.” [CoinGeek.com Conference].
Bitcoin BCH offers secure, reliable, low cost micro-transactions and in 2018 will prove itself to

########
Rank: 14
Score: 21.003729
Retrieved Text: Whether or Not to Continue Semi-Bluffing on the Turn Koros Posted on Jul 06, 2018 No Comments News Defense in Seven-Card Stud Texas Hold'em Poker His and Hers Poker: What the best bitcoin casino by Bitcoin casino canada review 3 Beginner 2018 World Series of Canxda Quiz 5: Bracelet BreakthroughsSet Mining: Not Every Jackpot Is a Good JackpotWinning the WSOP Main how the crypto market will perform over the weekend.
Just as their name implies, no deposit is necessary. You have probably heard that Bitcoin is exceptionally secure with its PoW based distributed consensus protocol. Know more The most popular open program that he wallet type. What are some of the key casinoo that a you bitcoin casino canada review is our primary focus.
Bitcoin casino canada review. Aspekts.
This Casino is restricted in your country, here are outs of depositing at sports betting sites, the cashout code-base bitcoin casino canada review will function correctly and as verified. Reasons for this are obvious. Who are the best ones in it. As long as players stick to betting with reputable online casino sites like the ones recommended at Gambling.
Bitcoin casino canada review. Review.
Unibet Poker is completely focused on recreational players and an unrivalled playing experience. To ensure you are acting within full accordance of - bitcoin casino canada review this option is far less common, as it is more complicated and expensive. The 3rd party audit of Slot Code by New corresponding institutions that are responsible for the casinos verification pocket or entering your PayPal email address.
To keep just dice

########
Rank: 15
Score: 21.00179
Retrieved Text: Located at the world financial center - London, MASTERCOINS Limited mainly engages in cutting-edge information technologies like cryptocurrencies mainly Bitcoin. Since 2009, MASTERCOINS Limited has made a success in many Bitcoin mining & trading projects; with the development of science and technology, the internet industry has left more space for investment performance; so in 2018, MASTERCOINS Limited has built an online platform; centered on digital cryptocurrencies, our company is entering into collective investment to meet current market’s demand for online investments. We invite individual investors and like-minded groups to join us to expand our projects and get into the international market.
A rapidly growing company with a huge potential to expand.
A dedicated & expert team of miners & investment traders.
A massive & reliable investment opportunity for clients to get profitable returns.
We are happy to announce the opening of MASTERCOINS Limited! MASTERCOINS Limited investment project is a product of careful preparation and fruitful work of experts in the field of Bitcoin mining, highly profitable trade in cryptocurrencies and online marketing. Using modern methods of doing business and a personal approach to each client, we offer a unique investment model to people who want to use Bitcoin not only as a method of payment, but also as a reliable source of stable income.
We have put great efforts to provide our clients with a comprehensible profit making investment platform, and we would take extra steps to make sure everyone gets top quality service. We are able to analyze the market and draw the necessary resolutions on the basis of changes

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.99033
Retrieved Text: In the incredible world of money, Bitcoin is the most happening thing right now! There has been a considerable amount of media attention over the last few months which has led to widespread interest which is growing. Plenty of new netizens have expressed huge interest in being a part of the global bitcoin economy.
In this financial ethos it’s absolutely important that you to stay up to date with all the latest educational resources for the best returns. Here are some of the Bitcoin educational resources you should look out for.
This is a London based resource and news operation founded by Shakil Khan, an angel investor in Spotify and Bit Pay, bitcoin startup. His aim was to offer better news coverage for bitcoin as well as other digital currencies around. With its team of experienced editors and writers, CoinDesk mostly covers the rapidly ballooning Bitcoin scenario for a more or less non-technical audience.
This Community built resource “Bitcoin or How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love Crypto: The definitive guide to understand what the bitcoin is and why we should care about them” was created by entrepreneur Charles Hodkinson and the Udemy network. Popularly known as the Bitcoin Education Project it offers a free course which is organized into several small lectures which cover not only the basics but also go into details of specific topics such as wallets, mining, storage, transaction feasted.
LTB Network evolved from Bitcoin podcast series called ‘Let’s Talk Bitcoin’ to a Bitcoin community site. The podcast was produced by Adam Levine, who has

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.889511
Retrieved Text: I believe that these are the reasons why you should choose bitcoin.
* Integration with the government and the economy of the country, it's more reliable and promising compared to any other alternatives coins.
ambar33n wrote: I believe that these are the reasons why you should choose bitcoin.
I can agree with your list about BTC. The only thing is that the valuation of BTC, 3/4 of the worlds BTC mining operation is located in China. This would mean, the majority of the BTC in circulation is coming from China or held in China. With China having so much control, major changes via regulation of crypto in China would heavily impact BTC. Other currencies are spread all over the world compared to BTC, which would mean that if one location bans crypto, the price would not be as affected as much.
Certainly, Bitcoin has been the most successful one, but it`s mainly because of its wide acceptance and still growing popularity.
I chose BTC because the investment in cryptocurrencies has been very beneficial for me lately. I believe that BTC is the most profitable cryptocurrency for investing at this moment.
Let me have a different opinion. In my opinion, BTC is no longer for ordinary players like us. Only whales can make some larger transactions here. In addition, the governments of Canada and China are interested in BTC, so who knows what is behind its high price. Currently only altcoins are desirable to smaller players, you can listen to this interview: https://newsroom.futurocoin.com/dennis- ... onference/ I'm happy to discuss.
Bitcoin is the most certain

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.745153
Retrieved Text: Blockchain enthusiasts from the start. Founded in 2012, we have over 5 years experience in Bitcoin marketing specifically: leveraging our unique expertise, partnerships and experience we bring you the most refined, effective, and value for money Bitcoin marketing and Bitcoin press release service to be found.
Do you accept other cryptocurrency’s besides Bitcoin?
Yes, for your convenience, we accept ETH, BNB, TUSD, LTC, TRX, EOS and other major cryptocurrencies for any and all Press Release, promotion and marketing services offered. If you would like to pay in another cryptocurrency please just ask.
Will you promote my Bitcoin gaming website with your Press Release services?
We ONLY accept Bitcoin gaming websites which are a product of a legally registered company. It does not matter which country your company is registered in but you MUST have a professional, registered company or business backing your operation.
1.) The Bitcoin ecosystem needs more professional services that accept Bitcoin as a payment method. So we made one.
2.) We believe Bitcoin is an emerging fundamentally disruptive technology which has the potential to revolutionise society, culture, and finance to the same degree as the creation of the Internet itself.
3.) We are passionate about Bitcoin and genuinely enjoy blasting the word out into the mainstream about innovative and exciting Bitcoin endeavours. Choose someone who loves their work – right?
Can you promote my non-Bitcoin service?
Unlike most online services , we don’t just take on any client. We prefer to work with innovative Bitcoin or cryptocurrency projects, businesses and merchants. However, please do contact us if you are involved in something

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.624317
Retrieved Text: The story is that this warehouse in my home town that burned down last week was a Chinese owned Bitcoin mining operation called 3G Ventures. I can’t seem to find anything on them. Has anyone heard of them?
On a Canadian oil field, natural gas with nowhere to go powers a bitcoin-mining operation.
A quick look at the illegal bitcoin mining operation set up in an abandoned powerplant in Russia.
Author adminPosted on July 14, 2018 Tags after, BITCOIN, forward, mining, moves, Operation, Port, Rocky..., Start, Walla, Wash.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.624304
Retrieved Text: In the last hours the value of Litecoin is soaring that even its creator has had to go to social networks to ask us not to do crazy things. But despite the warnings, the reality is that the cryptocurrency has been shooting for two days, and only in the last 24 hours has its value increased between 70 and 80 percent.
But what exactly is Litecoin and what is behind this low-cost alternative to Bitcoin? Both are open-source cryptocurrencies, the one heir to the other, and while Bitcoin aims to become a substitute for digital gold, Litecoin wants to be silver. But there are some differences in terms of its philosophy and the algorithm that marks its operation that should be reviewed.
The Litecoin is a decentralized P2P cryptocurrency created by Charlie Lee in October 2011. It was created as an open source project inspired by Bitcoin, so it is virtually identical in most of its technical aspects. In the end, what is involved in both cases is to allow a person to send money to another without intermediaries such as banks and anonymously and safely.
However, there are at least four fundamental differences between Litecoin and Bitcoin: its speed, its number of coins, its market capitalization and changes in the algorithm. They are not big differences, but they are enough to change their philosophy slightly.
To begin with, the first big difference is the speed at which transactions are made. The Litecoin network performs the processing of a block every 2.5 minutes instead of every 10 minutes, which means

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.585367
Retrieved Text: In this video I show how to mine Bitcoin using GUIminer (for Windows).Become the best Bitcoin miner and learn how to mine Bitcoins with the best Bitcoin mining hardware, software,.Feathercoin is a powerful open source digital currency with monetary properties linked to Bitcoin, Litecoin and a myriad of countless alt coins, but under the hood is.Bitcoin Wallet is the first mobile Bitcoin app, and arguably also the most secure.
They are not complete guides, but include notes on the necessary libraries, compile flags, etc.Quickly discover how to buy and sell bitcoins in your local currency.
Drag Bitcoin-Core to your applications folder, and then run Bitcoin-Core.Bitmessage is a P2P communications protocol used to send encrypted messages to another person or.
You can install an official Bitcoin Core client that stores the entire history.KeepKey is a hardware wallet that secures bitcoin, ethereum, litecoin, dogecoin, dash, and namecoin.This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit.Follow these five easy steps to learn exactly what to do when getting started with Bitcoin.
PVR Clients (Stalker Client, IPTV PVR Simple) IPTV Stalker (Video add-on) EPG (iVue Guide, XMLTV EPG Grabber).Skip to content. Tags are created regularly to indicate new official, stable release versions of Bitcoin Core. Quickly and easily provision virtual network client software to new computers without having.Bitcoin is the first decentralized peer-to-peer payment network that is powered by its users with no central authority or middlemen.
Pidgin Portable is the versatile Pidgin instant messaging client packaged as a portable app,.
Bitcoin is the first decentralized peer-to-peer payment network that

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.583908
Retrieved Text: Proposed bitcoin ETFs have gotten a lot of attention, but there are risks involved in using them to invest.
2017 has been a transformative year for bitcoin, with the cryptocurrency vaulting into the collective consciousness of ordinary investors. Buying bitcoin involves a fairly complicated process, and so some investors would much prefer to buy shares of an exchange-traded fund if it were available. Several companies have filed to release bitcoin ETFs, with the ProShares Bitcoin ETF and Short Bitcoin ETF aiming to become the first ones available for listing on the New York Stock Exchange.
Yet for investors who think that an ETF-related bitcoin investment will be free of risk, think again. Even ProShares itself is up front about the risks of bitcoin ETF investing. Below, you'll find the risk factors that ProShares disclosed in its filing back in September to release its bitcoin ETFs. Although they're specifically related to the ProShares bitcoin ETFs, many of the same risks will be present in the other bitcoin ETFs currently under consideration.
Here's what ProShares has to say about the risks of its bitcoin ETFs.
The value of bitcoin futures contracts may not track the price of bitcoin on exchanges.
The market for bitcoin futures is new and could be less liquid and more volatile than other markets.
Bitcoin is a new technological innovation with a very limited operating history.
The price of bitcoin is highly volatile.
The price of bitcoin may change dramatically when the markets for bitcoin futures are closed or when ETF shares aren't available for trading.
Bitcoin exchanges are new, largely unregulated, and

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.578749
Retrieved Text: MBA vs. Juris Doctor: Which Degree Is More Rewarding?
When choosing between career paths, it can be a challenge to know which will be the most rewarding. This is particularly true for those interested in pursuing further education who… Read More about MBA vs. Juris Doctor: Which Degree Is More Rewarding?
Why Should I Get an MBA from NJIT?
Read More about Why Should I Get an MBA from NJIT?
Accurate accounting has always been necessary for the successful implementation of investment strategies. As the world becomes more wired and interconnected, financial markets have grown in complexity and volatility. As… Read More about What Is Investment Accounting?
Finance Concentration – What Will I Learn?
Read More about Finance Concentration – What Will I Learn?
Could Bitcoin Become a New Global Currency?
Could Bitcoin Become a New Global Currency? Created in 2007, the world’s first decentralized currency now an accepted form of payment in dozens of countries around the world. As more… Read More about Could Bitcoin Become a New Global Currency?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.558308
Retrieved Text: The Correct Way of Computing Mining Profitability. Here are simple instructions on how to use a Bitcoin calculator:.CoinWarz - Crypto Currency Mining Profitability - Bitcoin Litecoin Mining Calculator Bad.Given network difficulty and coin prices at the current point in time of course.Looks like if your mining operation is not profitable now, it probably will not be in the future.
Bitcoin Mining Calculator is used to calculate mining profitability for Bitcoin mining.The Bitcoin 401k and IRA Comparison Calculator bases it calculations on the spot price for the DOW, Gold and Bitcoin for the period selected, as provided b. Bitcoin mining, Bitcoin charts, cryptocurrency charts, and mining calculators.Win the CoinWarz and determine which Crypto currency is the most profitable.Customer Service Center. Genesis Mining is a bitcoin cloud mining service that is an easy and safe way. please go to any external calculator such as coinwarz.
Get started with Bitcoin: find a wallet, buy bitcoin, shop with bitcoin, read bitcoin news, and get involved on the forum.The closer the average generation time is to the time frame the more the resulting revenue depends on luck.
You can use your rig as an internet radio or media PC or a server in general.
Mining profitability calculator host CoinWarz has recently launched a calculator for Ether,.
CoinWarz provides cryptocurrency mining profitability comparisons versus Bitcoin mining, Bitcoin charts, cryptocurrency charts, and cryptocurrency mining calcul.
Look at most relevant Ore mining profit calculator websites out of 31.2 Million at MetricsKey.As Bitcoin is the leading cryptocurrency, mining profitability comparisons are made against mining Bitcoin.
CoinTweak and CoinWarz for the existing coin

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.482668
Retrieved Text: Looking for join a bitcoin mining pool ? Download free Mining Software join a bitcoin mining pool .
wow, you have to have industrial or commercial electrical energy to make money, and it'll nevertheless take 2 several years least to turn a gain.
Flexibility: because of The reality that this hardware is exterior as appose to inner GPU and CPU, it makes it quick to switch and maneuver the device from areas or diverse personal computers.
3. I applied Blockchain app wallet on my iOS cell and I see it using some % whenever I get my cash out of it , Is there any Wallet that's free of charge ? What do you recommend ?
Don’t consider to obtain a miner based upon Bitcoin Mining only value or only hash rate. The best ASIC miner is among the most economical bitcoin miner. Aim for value.
Bitcoin Mining When mining your computer turns most of the information from The newest block of transactions right into a hash, which is significantly shorter than the initial transaction info and is particularly comprised of a posh number of letters and quantities.
trouble is usually a evaluate of how complicated it truly is to locate a new block compared to the simplest it could possibly ever be. The problem adjustments every 2016 blocks.
typically Bitcoin mining rigs turn out to be obsolete six-12 months Bitcoin Mining right after you purchase them. it is actually crucial to re-make investments gains into new mining machines If you need your Bitcoin mining operation to operate long-lasting, and it can be

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.44544
Retrieved Text: Zero Fraud We eliminate chargeback fraud so you always get what you pay for.
Fast Settlements Payments are deposited into your linked bank account, e-wallet, or Bitcoin wallet each business day according to your personal preferences.
No Accounting Mess! Every transaction and invoice is denominated in standard (fiat) currencies so you don’t have to worry about fluctuating Cryptocurrency exchange rates.
Think Globally Offer your checkout service in 20+ currencies. Get paid safely from most countries in the world, and grow your business with 21st Century payment methods.
Faster than the Competition Most Bitcoin payments are credited and confirmed within just a few seconds. It's great for paid content and micropayments.
Refunds Refunds are not a problem. It’s easy to process return payments.
Gobaba POS is a simple mobile tool for merchants and their staff to accept Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Litecoin, Etherum, Dogecoin all with no additional additional set up requirements.
We don't do complicated automated systems. We have great people ready to help you whenever you need it.
All financial products including cryptocurrencies carry a high degree of risk to your capital. They are not suited to all investors. Please ensure that you fully understand the risks involved and seek independent advice if necessary.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.431425
Retrieved Text: Shinhan Bank, one of the largest financial institutions in South Korea will begin a remittance service – backed by bitcoin – between Korea and China, starting next month.
The Korea-China corridor will soon see the bitcoin remittance service made possible through Hong Kong as an intermediary, a country where digital currency transactions are legally allowed, according to Korean news outlet Pulse.
Fundamentally, the remittance operation will see Shinhan Bank transfer value to a digital currency exchange in Hong Kong, which will then further the transaction by transferring the value, in bitcoins, to a Chinese exchange at which point the value is then converted to local Chinese currency.
The bitcoin remittance will facilitate transfers to China.
The platform will be made possible with Shinhan Bank’s partnership with Seoul-based blockchain remittance startup Streami. The startup deems itself a ‘blockchain remittance middleware and infra provider’ for financial institutions and is targeting the Asian remittance market with the South Korea-China corridor as its first market foray. The startup raised $2 million in a seed funding round in December 2015, with Shinhan Bank as one of its most notable investors.
Seoul-based Shinhan has assets of over $250 billion in assets and has a presence in 19 countries around the world with over 8,500 employees across 700+ branches.
South Korea has taken notable strides in investing in its Fintech economy, beyond its bitcoin-friendly stance. Perhaps most notably, the revelation of Shinhan’s bitcoin-backed remittance operation comes in the weeks following the South Korean government’s announcement to launch its own digital currency based on blockchain technology.
The South Korean government is

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.407179
Retrieved Text: Bitcoin is a form of electronic currency, cryptocurrency, which can be exchanged for goods or services. Its operation is decentralized. Bitcoin is not regulated by banking institution or government of any country all over the world and it cannot be tampered. Transactions do not require intermediaries, money is transferred directly from buyer to seller.
All transactions in Bitcoin network are free, however, if you want to increase processing speed of transactions, you can pay a small percentage as commission.
Besides for operation of such network you do not need any mediators, information exchange is carried out between several software customers. All users of installed program-wallets are a part of Bitcoin network and work like a torrent. Neither tax service nor banks can control money exchange between wallets. Bitcoin is impossible to forge or spend twice.
Wallet holder can pay anywhere and to anyone, transactions cannot be controlled or denied.
In order to start operation, simply register Bitcoin wallet and you will not need to visit financial institutions or pass any verification process.
Information about translations is available to everyone, and payments cannot be canceled or frozen.
If you want to carry out monetary transactions, you do not need to specify personal information, you need only address of Bitcoin wallet and at the same time all information about transactions has shared access (how, when).
How to start using Bitcoin?
First you should choose Bitcoin wallet, funds can be stored online, on PC, Android or iPhone.
After choosing wallet you can buy Bitcoin (and other currency) on one of exchange markets via BTC trade.
Nowadays more and more

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.378958
Retrieved Text: Decred is an open progressive cryptocurrency. What is cryptocurrency Decred? Cryptocurrency Decred (DCR) is an altcoin that was created by a part of the Bitcoin development team, which combines the best characteristics of bitcoin and corrected the most important errors of "digital gold", such as the scalability of blocks and others. Cryptocurrency Decred combines the algorithms Proof of Stake and Proof of Work, which betrays the network Decred balance, but this mixing of algorithms is not new in the market of crypto projects.
The main advantages of Decred over Bitcoin is decentralization. Every Day bitcoin cryptocurrency is less decentralized and is subject to more and more control by a certain team of miners. Price in USD is ranges you can always check it at the Binance, Poloniex, Hit-BTC.
The second advantage is the availability of mining. Mining of cryptocurrencies is available Using conventional graphics cards, which makes it more affordable than mining bitcoin, which is relevant only with the help of special equipment.
Using the Proof of Stake method gives the third advantage to the Decred network. With the PoS algorithm, all the innovations proposed by the developers to improve the operation of the network must be accepted by the DCR community.
The stock market shows the perspective of the coin. How to buy currency DCR? At the moment, the decrypt Can be bought on the exchanges Poloniex, Cryptopia and Bittrex, as well as through the official wallet Decred.

================



======= Instance Index 47 =========
Input Text: If something is outside during the day what will it receive?

Which is the correct answer?
- food
- sunbeams
- energy
- water

Target Text: sunbeams

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.903963
Retrieved Text: wonderful seller. lovely, creative owl. speedy shipping. wise owl is now on my desk making my day!
I love my new tile!! Wonderful seller, it made my day..and thank you for the touching quote you wrote on the back..
I consider myself an environmental recyclist. Meaning I recycle what is around me, either in the way of using scrap pieces of material in my work or by using what is around me for inspiration. I think that it is important to reuse items especially if it is in new unusual ways. We all come from different backgrounds and places and it's interesting to see what inspires people.
For what is art without inspiration but a blank canvas.
If you purchase insurance for your piece I will be happy to exchange any item that is damaged during shipping. If it was a custom piece please note that the new item may vary slightly from the original depending on supplies.
If you are not happy with your item I will be happy to exchange it for something of equal value.
I expect payment within 24 hours of purchase. I accept Paypal, CC, Money Order and Checks. All money MUST clear first before I will ship an item. If you would like to pay with a CC, PLEASE convo me first I will set up an invoice for you. All CC purchases must be over $25.
**If you are a TEXAS RESIDENT know that I must add tax to your purchase. Either convo me first and I will adjust the price on the listing or wait

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.765774
Retrieved Text: It is in keeping with the very meaning of the Eucharist that the faithful, if they have the required dispositions, receive communion when they participate in the Mass. As the Second Vatican Council says: "That more perfect form of participation in the Mass whereby the faithful, after the priest's communion, receive the Lord's Body from the same sacrifice, is warmly recommended."
↑ Cf. CIC, can. 916.
↑ Cf. CIC, can. 917; The faithful may recieve the Holy Eucharist only a second time on the same day [CF. Pontificia Commissio Codici Iuris Canonici Authentice Intrepretando, Responsa ad proposita dubia, 1:AAS 76 (1984) 746].
In the following quotations, I have added emphasis in bold.
Can. 917 A person who has already received the Most Holy Eucharist can receive it a second time on the same day only within the eucharistic celebration in which the person participates, without prejudice to the prescript of ⇒ can. 921, §2.
Communion can be received twice in one day.
The person receiving Communion twice should participate in two full Masses, except for those in danger of death who receive Viaticum as part of the Rite of Anointing (can. 921, §2).
Can. 918 It is highly recommended that the faithful receive holy communion during the eucharistic celebration itself. It is to be administered outside the Mass, however, to those who request it for a just cause, with the liturgical rites being observed.
Can. 919 §1. A person who is to receive the Most Holy Eucharist is to abstain for at least one hour before holy communion from any food and drink, except

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.57238
Retrieved Text: Without our taking the risk of making a sound on our instrument, there is nothing there that might be deemed insufficient by ourselves or others; we are safe. There is also nothing there at all; there is a deficit. The challenge of daily practice brings us into the presence of possibility. When we dare to make the first sound of the day, willing to receive it openheartedly, we come into the presence also of a part of ourselves that otherwise lies dormant, and shrinks away out of our daily lives. This is the mysterious presence of the creative spirit. It has something to say to us if we will listen, and then we will find that we have something to say in return; and finally, that conversation gives us something to say out into the world.
If we do not take the risk of making a sound today, possibility and imagination are diminished in us, and also diminished is what we bring to our interactions with the world. We have fewer interior experiences with which to receive what comes at us from the outside; instead of the “bushy brain” that grows the ability to catch and interact with all manner of stimuli, we end up with something more akin to a teflon brain that sheds what it encounters. Step up to the silent instrument!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.35986
Retrieved Text: If you would like to arrange for a	Mass to be offered for someone or something, then please contact the Office or come to the Sacristy after Mass.
If requested, we will try as far as possible to arrange it for a specific Mass or day.
The	Archbishop recommends that the stipend for a Mass should be £10 but you make	whatever offering you can.
Background: What is a Mass Stipend?
This is an offfering given to a priest in return for which he offers a Mass for the donor's intention. The stipend is not given as a price for the Eucharistic Sacrifice. It is rather a voluntary donation whose origins go back to the early Church, when stipends were made during Mass and later on outside of Mass. Any priest who celebrates and applies Mass to a particular intention may receive a stipend. When a priest accepts a stipend, he is bound to apply the Mass according to the conditions imposed and accepted.
The amount of the stipend is determined by the diocesan standard, which must be observed by all priests, diocesan and religious.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.557356
Retrieved Text: It’s been an unusual winter, but the sun is finally out and the weather is starting to get warmer. Students sense spring is here and know that means the end of the year is fast approaching. It can be difficult to keep students focused during class, when they’re stuck inside and can see the sun shining right outside the window, all while eagerly anticipating summer vacation. Taking your students outside for a period of time will help them get rid of their anxiousness to be out of the classroom and it’s healthy to get some fresh air. Read about some of the ways you can incorporate time outside into your lesson plans to satisfy your students and also cultivate learning. You’ll like being outside too!
If it fits into your class schedule, plan to give them some time to start their homework during class. Students will focus because they know they’re working ahead and will have less to do that night and they’ll also be accomplishing something for the class. You can also head outside to let students start a worksheet they’re supposed to finish in class or to quickly review work from the day before. If students will be sitting and working on something anyway, you might as well let them do it outside.
While this activity depends on the type of class you have, students will almost always have something they need to read, whether it’s a novel, play, article, or research. Take your class outside while they read. If you’re reading together as a class,

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.54782
Retrieved Text: With summer just around the corner, now is the perfect time to take a look at your outdoor area and get it up to scratch for summer BBQs and Christmas day celebrations. We turned to expert renovators, Josh and Jenna, to get their tips for creating an entertainer’s paradise.
There’s no point having a stunning outdoor entertaining space if you can’t use it because the hot summer sun comes beaming in. The first step before designing your outdoor entertaining area is to consider your orientation. It is important to understand what the orientation will do to your entertaining space and how you need to practically design it to combat these issues.
For example, if your space faces west in Australia, you will receive the hot summer afternoon sun. If this is the case you will need to consider awnings, extended eaves or plant deciduous trees in front of your space to protect you from the harsh sun but allow the light to shine through during winter.
North facing is always preferred as the sun is lower in winter and sits high above the roofline during the hot afternoon summers.
East will capture the gorgeous morning sunshine so if you’re wanting to use your space for a morning coffee, this is something to consider!
South facing doesn’t receive any direct sunlight so if you’re planning on sitting outside in the sunshine, you may need to rethink your orientation if possible.
To create an indoor/outdoor flow, select materials that can be used inside and out to create a seamless connection between your open plan

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.468077
Retrieved Text: Many people who follow or have visited the Sanctuary have one particular animal that they immediately fall in love with. Sometimes, adopting this animal might not be a feasible option for you. If this is the case, we've got something else that might just be perfect for you!
For just $40, you can be named a Friend of a Feline, Buddy of a Bear, or a Companion of a Coati! With the purchase of an Animal Packet, you will receive an 8 x 10 picture of your newly chosen friend, their personal story, a certificate, and - the best part - one pass for a ONE-ON-ONE visit with your animal!
This visit will take place from OUTSIDE the habitat. There will be no contact with the animal, but believe us when we say, you don't need contact for this interaction to be an amazing one! Did you know that by visiting your animal, you are providing for them with Emotional Enrichment? There aren't many people who can say they spent part of their day with a tiger, grizzly bear, or coati, and simply having the privilege to visit with and observe one of these incredible animals can definitely be a once in a lifetime experience!
Do I get to touch the animal?
As stated above, the visit includes absolutely no contact with the animal. You will be outside the habitat for the entirety of the visit.
What if the animal doesn't come over to me?
It is possible that the animal won't be in the mood for a visit on the day

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.370584
Retrieved Text: How do I take care of my BLING jewelry?
Sterling silver tarnishes. This is a natural reaction the metal has with chemicals in the air. Frequent light polishing with a polishing cloth designed for sterling silver will help minimize tarnish.
Items plated with 14K gold, 14 K rose gold or rhodium are tarnish resistant but the plating can wear off if item is worn often.
To make your jewelry last it is recommended that you minimize its exposure to water, lotions and perfumes.
Do you carry more products than are listed on the website?
We sometimes offer more items than what we have listed on the website. We have access to 10,000+ different jewelry pieces through our wholesale partners. We also sometimes create our own pieces or source special pieces from trips abroad (i.e. shell rings from Cancun, Mexico and glass blown rings from Barcelona, Spain).
If there is anything specific you are looking for please contact and we will try to help you.
Currently, we accept MasterCard, Visa, American Express, Discover, Venmo and Paypal. Contact us directly if you wish to pay via Venmo or Paypal as we do not have those capabilities live in the site right now.
Sales tax will be charged on total merchandise for orders shipped to Massachusetts only. Orders shipping outside of Massachusetts are not subject to tax.
Your credit card will be charged once we confirm your order.
We make our best efforts to ensure all orders are packed and shipped as soon as possible. Although we strive to ship out all orders the same day of which they

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.250868
Retrieved Text: You choose your meals from our delicious weekly changing menu delivered on Tuesday, Wednesday and Friday.
We deliver your freshly cooked hot meals on the day you choose during a time slot you've selected.
When do i receive my meals?
Yes, we charge a fee for delivery depending on your area. Please check with us before you submit your order.
When and how do I pay for my order?
Once you fill out the order form, we will send you an email containing a payment link for your order that can easily be paid online using Paypal, Credit/Debit Card. No meals will be delivered unless payment has been made. Unfortunately we do not accept cash at this point. Feel free to tip your driver in cash, however.
All our freshly cooked meals are packaged in microwavable containers hot and ready to eat.
Since we cook our food on the day of delivery, your meals should be consumed within 3 days.
What if I forgot to add something to my order?
Contact us at info@chefomz.com we’ll make sure you get all the items you want added to your order.
Sometimes things outside of our control can cause a delay. Where we can, we will always try and proactively call you if we feel that your order might not arrive within your desired time of delivery, and our team will be working to get your order to you as quickly as possible.
What if I am not around when the delivery driver arrives?
Our driver will always try to call you if there is an issue once they reach your

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.07353
Retrieved Text: Ubisoft is highly aware of connectivity issues and glitches that oftentimes seem to plague the launches of game betas. Because of this, Ubisoft is providing you, the players, with a tool in the form of an ever-evolving list of known issues with The Division 2. This expanding listing can be found at Ubisoft’s official forums if you are interested in seeing what problems others have found during the private beta weekend.
Before the beta even started up this morning, Ubisoft was aware of two existing issues. Now, if you attempted to jump into the beta today for an extended period, some Xbox and PC gamers may have had trouble with the game crashing. Furthermore, PS4 players are probably seeing a slide in performance after three or more hours of gameplay. If you are experiencing these issues, the recommended course of action is to restart the game client every few hours.
Also, if players receive invites from their buddies, accepting the invite from outside the game will result in a crash at the launch of the game. Therefore, the solution seems obvious given the issue. So, if you do receive an invite, boot up the game first, and then accept. By the way, this issue plagues all platforms.
Something strange seems to be occurring in the world of video games as development teams and publishers are finding that their lives are easier if they are entirely transparent with their audience. So I welcome this course of action and can appreciate the ongoing listing of known issues. The only way to

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.024195
Retrieved Text: It’s down to the last four days of the 2 Legit So We Can Quit (our day jobs) Booster campaign. We’re one shirt from half-way to our sale’s goal of 50 shirts.
Now, I’m by no means “throwing in the towel”. It’s quite possible that we’ll hit critical mass and something will spark sales to skyrocket us toward our goal. Stranger things have happened in my life for sure, so I’m not ruling it out as a possibility.
Experience, the having tried a couple of things outside my comfort zone…the lessons I learned…all of that goes into my data base to be used in my fiction, so it’s rare if at all that anything in my world is ever considered a fail. Well, except for that one time and I’m blaming that on the Everclear shots I was cutting with Jack Daniels. ‘Nuff said ;-).
For those of you who didn’t earn one of the incentives during the Booster campaign, remember, there’s a drawing at the end – the winner will receive a piece of Little Brown Skin Girl art, framed and ready to hang!
Now, time to get back to doing what I do best. I’ve got a Camp NaNo badge to win and books to publish :-).
Previous PostQuick Update (Supplement to previous post)Next PostO.M.G.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.988716
Retrieved Text: When you choose Crossroads Animal Care Center, your pet will have so much more than a simple boarding experience. Your pet will receive loving, daily attention and physical fitness. At all times, your pet will be under the supervision of expert veterinary care.
Our spacious, indoor boarding facility is a comfortable, safe environment where your pet receives plenty of care, attention and time outside. We feed a high quality, easily digested prescription pet food designed to prevent the stomach upset that can be associated with the stress of being away from home. If your pet has special dietary needs, or you would like to bring your pet’s food from home, we are more than happy to accommodate special requests. In addition to overnight boarding, we also offer day boarding services, which includes a midday snack or lunch.
All boarding pets receive multiple leashed walks throughout the day. Pets are walked within our spacious fenced in yard on a double lead to ensure safe restraint while outside. Cats also receive ample play time throughout the day.
If vaccination is not current, a veterinarian can update them during your pet’s stay. We have you covered with baths and nail trims for your four-legged friend.
We also specialize in caring for disabled and geriatric pets. From puppies to kittens and Teacup Yorkies to Great Danes, Crossroads Animal Care Center welcomes pets of all shapes and sizes.
We know what it’s like to leave a member of the family, so we make sure that your pet enjoys a true home away from home experience. Right

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.9769
Retrieved Text: I want you to be happy with your order. I'm sure you will love the pieces that you purchase from me. But, if for some reason you don't like your item, please return it within 30 days and I will issue a full refund or exchange it (whichever of these two options you decide).
If you receive a piece that has been damaged during shipping, please contact me and return it within 30 days, and I will issue a full refund.
If you place an order and cancel because you've changed your mind, please contact me before receiving the shipping confirmation. Once the item is shipped, I can't refund you until you return the item.
I will contact you within 24hrs.
Since I can't wait for you to receive your purchase, every business day order will be shipped within 48 hours unless there is a special request, like framing).
If I receive an order on the weekend, or during a holiday, it will be shipped on the first following business day.
I do ship anywhere in the world, but customs and duty fees are the buyer's responsibilities, please look at what the policies are in your country.
I will provide a tracking number if possible. Art cards can be shipped in a regular envelope (no tracking) or as a small package. Unfortunately, most of these small packages have no tracking outside Canada. If you prefer to have a package with a tracking number, requiring a bigger envelope or box, it can be provided at extra shipping cost. I will do my best to

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.938313
Retrieved Text: Ah! Summer has arrived and that means barbecues, boat rides, swimming, and of course…..Father’s Day! So many fathers around the world do so much to raise kind, caring, and successful kids that they deserve a day dedicated especially to them. I always love making my dad something hand made while also adding something that I know he would LOVE that he might not buy for himself. Those are the best kind of gifts right? Where you really want one but wouldn’t actually buy it for yourself. I am hoping some of the gift ideas on this list meet that category with your dad. Whether your dad likes grilling outside or drinking craft beer to cooking with exotic and unique spices, this list should cover something most any dad would like. On top of catering to everyone, these gifts are also affordable and won’t drain your bank account. Most dads will appreciate anything you do for them, but why not make them feel extra special on this extra special day.
Similar to Amazon Echo, the Dot is a smaller speaker and Smart System that will fit anywhere in your home. If you don’t need as loud and as high quality of sound, the Dot is the way to go. It is half the price of the larger model but still has all of the same features!
The Columbia Trail Shaker Hoodie is great for any man who is LOVES hiking and needs something lightweight that is still long sleeved. Help your dad out by not exposing his skin during

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.894241
Retrieved Text: When and where can I register on-site for the Congress?
What is the best time to arrive to avoid queues in registration?
If you participate in morning sessions, please come as early as possible (starting from 8:00). If you are not participating in morning sessions, then we suggest arriving after the first session starts (from 9:00). If you have single-day registration, then we recommend coming to the registration desk in the evening before the day you participate.
What should I bring with me to the registration desk?
Please bring your ID to the registration desk to get the badge and congress bag and ensure your entrance to the Congress sessions.
If you have not yet paid for the registration or social events than please note that we accept cash only.
Where can I pay for my registration or social events?
If you have registered for the Congress and social events online but did not pay your invoice by credit card or via bank transfer, then you can pay your fees on-site. Please note that cash only is accepted. If you arrive at the Congress venue, please find the desk "Customer services" first to pay your fees and head to the registration desk after this.
Can I pay my fees on-site using credit card?
Please note that cash only is accepted on-site and credit card payment is not possible. Please bring the as precise amount of cash with you as possible (according to your invoice total sum) to speed up the payment handling on-site.
What if I am not registered for the Congress but still want to

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.87263
Retrieved Text: While many Torontonians are basking in the heat, it can be the perfect time to exercise some outdoor marketing activities.
Children are running around playing in parks, the sun is up longer, and people are outside enjoying the weather. A prime way to take advantage of this is to get to know your community, the people who drive by your location every day and may not even know what you offer or why you exist. Hold a local community event in a nearby park on a warm weekend day, as it will attract new customers as well as bring your current customers together.
“If you tell five friends, you have a chance to win…” This always manages to attract people, after all, how easy is it to forward something to a friend or family member and automatically have a chance to win a free product or service? An easy way to incorporate this is to run group specials offering promotions based on the amount of people one of your customers brings in, either by text message or email. If one of their five friends has been referred by a current customer, they can be entered to win a prize of your company’s choice. Not only does this encourage the spread of information about your company, but it also increases the size of your database, offering more potential customers knowledge about what you offer.
While the door to door method may seem rather old-school, its overall effectiveness may surprise some. When you go door to door offering your community a

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.836735
Retrieved Text: Whether it's for a special occasion or just you and your friends, Alabama Splash Adventure is always a fun place to be!
At Alabama Splash Adventure, the possibilities for having fun are endless. What will you do when you get here?
Free Unlimited Soft Drinks – We have drink stations located throughout the park where you can grab delicious free Pepsi products all day long! No special cup required.
Free Parking! We want to start your visit out right and that includes free parking everyday.
Free Sunscreen! We will have dispensers located throughout the park for guests to use during their stay. We don’t want your day of fun in the sun to be spoiled by a burn.
Free Use of Inner Tubes! Enjoy the lazy river and other attractions on one of our inner tubes. We have plenty for everyone – just don’t take them home.
Free Wi-Fi! If you just have to check your email or social media during your visit, we have a Wi-Fi network dedicated for our guest’s use.
Free Use of Life Jackets! Those guests who are just learning to swim or are not quite comfortable in the water are invited to wear one of our life jackets during their stay at the waterpark.
What happens if it rains? Alabama Adventure & Splash Adventure does not close due to rain. If lightning is in the area, some attractions may close temporarily. As soon as the weather passes, rides will reopen. If rides and slides remain closed for 60 minutes or more due to weather, return tickets for the current

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.832031
Retrieved Text: Here’s a short and sweet tribute to my favorite thing: BREAD.
Since childhood, my favorite foods have revolved around bread–my grandmother’s southern biscuits…fresh out of the oven or the next day sliced in half and toasted…the best things on EARTH. Who doesn’t adore a good frozen dinner roll? What’s a hamburger without a good bun to support it? When I lived in Italy, I became obsessed with ciabatta and focaccia and all sorts of croissants (il cornetto con marmellata to be exact).
So here I am in Turkey and it’s the holy month of Ramadan, or Ramazan in Turkish. This coming Wednesday marks the eve of the holiday which lasts through Saturday to signal the end of Ramadan where people have been fasting during the day. This culminates in a big holiday known here as Şeker Bayram or Sugar Feast/Holiday, where the elderly are honoured by the youth. Children traditionally go door to door and wish their elders a ‘Happy Bayram’, and receive candy and sweets in return.
But, this month is also when the BEST BREAD IN THE UNIVERSE is made. During Ramadan, as a kind of special celebration, this bread is made as a traditional food to break the fast with. It’s made with yeast and is pretty calorie dense, as well as being shaped in a large circle…about the size of a medium pizza disc to give you a comparison. The top of the bread has a triangular indentation pattern. These indentations make it easy to tear or rip off pieces of the pide into chunks.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.802328
Retrieved Text: Now that the cooler temperatures have set in, are you stuck in a date night rut? Summer is long gone, so going on picnics, having drinks on the patio of your favorite restaurant, spending the day at the beach, and enjoying a campfire under the stars, well, those days are over for now.
Fear not! You can still have fun, romantic date nights, even when it's freezing outside. Here's our favorite 5 winter date night ideas this year. We can't promise to keep the romance alive (that's your part), but we can promise a wintry good time.
During the winter months, outdoor ice rinks pop up all around the country - even in warm-weather locations like Florida. Whether it's outdoors or an indoor ice arena, lacing up skates with your partner is an entertaining time. You can bumble around, hanging on to one another for dear life (and giggling when the other falls) if you're beginners, or glide around and show off your skills if you've been around the ice a time or two.
Plan a cozy date night by the fire with takeout from Noodles World Kitchen (or dine in, if that's more your style). This place truly has something for everyone, no matter if you're vegan, gluten-free, watching sugar/sodium, or counting calories. And in December, every date at Noodles will score you big rewards. The more you go, the more rewards to enjoy with your partner. From December 3 - 14, each check-in at Noodles (via their NoodlesREWARDS app, click to download, and be sure to use

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.801088
Retrieved Text: She is gone from 8:30, when I drop her off, until 4:20 when she gets off the bus. Two days a week she has an activity after school, either ballet or religious education. On those days she gets home around 6.
The hours that she is is home she drives me a little nuts. I’m not sure if this is built up energy from being forced to sit all day, negative influences from her peers, or just her age, but even since she has started school I have noticed a huge drop in her behavior at home. She is perfect for her teachers, and behaves well when bribed, but I see a lot of her natural goodness fading.
She does occasionally not want to go to school, and will pretend to have an earache or stomachache to get out of it. It makes me wonder if something is going on that she is not telling me about, which makes me wonder why I am sending her away all day to such a big unknown at such a young age.
I have hinted somewhat at the idea of homeschooling to my husband, who is firmly against it. He thinks it is important for her to have relationships outside the home, that she would be bored all day, that children need a regular influence outside of their mother. And it is true, I suppose. I suspect he is just afraid people would think he was weird and that both of our families would be horrified (which is also true). If it

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.782907
Retrieved Text: You’ve taken the first step and booked your session. Now you’re probably wondering how it all works. I’m here to help and answer any questions you might have and to make this process as seamless as possible. Below you will find some common questions and their answers. Of course, if I haven’t covered it here, let me know and I will do my best to answer your queries.
WHAT CAN I EXPECT ONCE I HAVE BOOKED?
Once we set your date, you will receive an invoice asking for your deposit to be paid. Payment locks in your date. You will also receive a contract and a questionnaire. The questionnaire helps me get to know your family including any major dislikes and loves. For example, it could be that your child takes a while to warm to strangers – this is good info for me to have. A few days before your session I will message to confirm that you are all set. If you have any questions at any stage, simply email me and I will get back to you as soon as I can.
WHAT CAN I EXPECT DURING A SESSION IN MY HOUSE?
When I first arrive at your house, it’s about me viewing the space and determining the perfect spots for our session. I’ll often talk to the little humans and get them to show me around. It’s a good opportunity for them to lead the way, showing me around your house through their eyes: from your bedroom to theirs, their prized possessions and favourite hiding places.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.62479
Retrieved Text: How does one take a proactive stance against a disease that has an unknown beginning and no possible end? How does a woman explain to her gynecologist that she has symptoms that concern her and should be looked into on a deeper level?
A recent study sought to investigate if intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI), increases IVF success in patients with endometriosis. Researchers analyzed the fertility treatment cycles of 221 patients with a confirmed endometriosis diagnosis, compared to 150 patients with unexplained infertility. In the endometriosis group, 124 patients had standard insemination, and 97 patients had ICSI. The ICSI group had a higher percentage of day 5 transfers, a higher clinical pregnancy rate and a higher live birth rate than the insemination group.
Endometriosis can lead to increased odds of infertility. Many women who have painful periods worry they might have endometriosis.
Endometriosis can be a painful, chronic disease that results when the tissue that is normally inside the uterus (endometrial tissue) grows outside of the uterine cavity.
Normally, during every cycle your uterus builds up tissue (endometrium) and at the end of the month, if conception hasn't occurred the tissue is shed during a period. With endometriosis, that tissue doesn't just grow inside your uterus but outside. The tissue can appear on your ovaries, tubes, or even the lining of your abdomen. When it is outside of your uterus it acts just like it would normally - it thickens, breaks down and bleeds, but because it's in the wrong place it has no way to exit your body and becomes

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.59986
Retrieved Text: YOUR FACILITY DESERVES A TEAM OF WILLPOWER INSTRUCTORS.
HOST A TRAINING. IT’S EASY!
We will need space for approximately 10 hours – which includes set up and breakdown. We can shift between rooms during the day. We’ll provide an AMAZING masterclass for your members and instructors. This masterclass is INCLUDED in the training day; it’s a great opportunity for you to offer something new and exciting for your students! We’ll even provide all the marketing materials for you to create a buzz for the training and the masterclass.
There are NO facility fees , however we require 10 paid participants for the workshop. All participants must pre-register directly through this website.
After the minimum (10 people) is met, you (the Host Facility) will receive a FREE registration! Additional complimentary spots are offered for every 10 people registered.
Do you have LOTS of instructors? We have a flat-fee option: just ask us about it.
Additional fee is required if you prefer to bring in SLK as your Master Instructor.
Each participant will earn: .8 NASM, .8 ACE and 8.0 AFFAA CEUs with a Certificate of Completion. Each will receive a manual, 2-hour Education DVD and a 90-day membership to wIN (willPower Instructor Network).
Each participant must complete an Evaluation within 90 days to use the trademark and become a licensed instructor.
There is no facility licensing fee for our programs; each instructor will carry their own license as a member of wIN (willPower Instructor Network).
List all your questions… let’s make this process easy!
The willPower Method® has inspired so many changes for me …outside the gym…in terms

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.582792
Retrieved Text: What are Adult Transition Services?
What is the mission and goal of Adult Transition Services?
What is the difference between meeting requirements for graduation and graduating?
What does the program look like at ATS?
If there is no set location, why is there a facility called ATS?
Does the ATS facility function like a typical K-12 school Building?
How does a plan for an individual student get developed for ATS?
How does the ARD process work at ATS?
What type of services are offered through ATS?
What type of transportation is provided for ATS?
What is the parent/family role in ATS?
What types of classes, including academics, are taught at ATS?
Can my child receive support through continuing education courses or junior college?
Is there ever a time where a student can be attending both Westlake High School and be receiving Adult Transition Services?
Can my child remain at Westlake High School and just continue taking classes until age 22?
What types of jobs will students have while at ATS?
Will ATS staff teach my students how to drive?
What happens when my student turns 22?
The mission of ATS is to provide instruction to students which will enable them to live and function as independently and successfully as possible in their community after they transition from ATS.
The goal of ATS is to develop a structure of opportunities and activities that the student can continue to access after they leave ATS through agency and/or family supports.
Students who are eligible for ATS services as determined by their Admission Review and Dismissal (ARD) committee will have obtained the credits they need for graduation as defined by

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.575869
Retrieved Text: Discover Your Summer at Hawaiian Falls!
Summer is just around the corner, and Hawaiian Falls is getting ready to kick off the 2018 waterpark season. Opening day is on Saturday, May 26, and we can’t wait for you to discover your summer!
We are excited about our new initiative this year that is modeled after the Islands of Hawaii and how residents of Hawaii consider themselves a local. This summer, Hawaiian Falls Season Passholders will get a chance to become a park local. All you have to do is pick up your Park to Park Passport, visit any park (or parks) six times during the season, and collect your stamps. The Park to Park Passport is a great reason to visit more than your neighborhood park. Turn in your completed passport at the front gate to become a local and receive a “Locals Only” 34-ounce Insulated Sports Bottle. Locals Only Sports Bottles will keep your drinks nice and cold, plus you will want to bring it with you to all your Hawaiian Falls visits since you’ll receive free refills at any location during the entire 2018 season.
Not only will season pass holders get a chance to become a local, they also receive several perks like a coupon sheet, with double the number of coupons, 20% off food and drink purchases, BFF Days and more!
There’s no better way to escape the Texas heat than a day at a water park. Each location offers guests a unique experience – you’ll want to visit them all! Kids will love Hawaiian Falls

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.565928
Retrieved Text: Bath Rugby players Peter Stringer and Mat Gilbert visited St Martins Garden Primary School in Odd Down recently to help promote "Something to Chew On", a new programme which aims to improve children's understanding of what constitutes healthy eating.
In association with BT Sports' "The Supporters Club", Something to Chew On is an interactive project aimed at teaching 7-8 year olds about their own health and wellbeing with a rugby focus.
Something to Chew On is a two hour engagement with Year 3 classes, over a five week period. Each class will receive an hour of interactive indoor classroom work, which focuses on the Healthy Eating messages whilst increasing children's knowledge of food safety. The second hour is spent outside practicing Tag Rugby skills, and linking what the children have learnt about Healthy Eating to activity and sport. Each school will also receive an assembly, during which time the basic Something to Chew On messages will be shared to the entire school.
Peter Stringer commented: "My food intake is really important as it gives me the right balance of nutrients to allow me to stay at the top of my game. Without a balanced diet I would not have enough energy, nor would my body repair itself effectively, which would impact on my ability to train and play. I think it's fantastic to be supporting the next generation through the Something to Chew On project to make healthy choices in their lives. As well as eating the right foods, they get to be active which is really important."
The programme

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.537819
Retrieved Text: Whenever this effect is active, the target will suffer damage continuously when outside during the day (starting at 6:00 am and ending at 8:00 pm). This effect is most familiar to Vampires, for whom it is one of the most significant drawbacks of vampirism. Also, some new spells added by the Spell Tomes plugin use Sun Damage as a negative side-effect that reduces the cost of the spells.
A few pre-enchanted items, such as the Hands of Midnight, use sun-damage as an effect. These work in the same way as the spell, in that characters can wear them without issue at night but receive damage if outside during the day.
The damage done by sun damage depends on two factors. One is the level of sun damage that you have. The second is how bright the sun is, which depends on the time of day and the prevailing weather. During the brightest conditions (around midday with little cloud cover) the victim of sun damage takes twice the value given per second.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.507185
Retrieved Text: If you have a safety emergency, please call 9-1-1.
If you have a CO2, Gas or Electrical emergency, please ALSO call PG&E at 1-800-743-5000.
An emergency is ANY situation that requires immediate assistance from the police/sheriff, the fire department or an ambulance. If you are ever in doubt of whether a situation is an emergency you should call 9-1-1. It's better to be safe and let the 9-1-1 call taker determine if you need emergency assistance.
Please submit an online request. You will get faster response and quicker service if you are able to login and submit this in your tenant portal.
We do not provide lockout services. Should you loose your keys, call a locksmith, or come by our office during office hours for a replacement (at your charge).
Please checkout our Common Maintenance Fixes before submiting a request.
Permission to Enter: if you approve of us entering your location get this repaired right away, even if you are not home. If you prefer to be there, then offer a day and time that works for you.
Plumbing Related: If the issue deals with water, or a water leak, please indicate this.
Details of the request: Be as specific as you can about what is going wrong, where in the house it is located, and any additional information you think might be helpful.
IPM office hours are 10 am -2 pm daily. If we receive your request during those hours, the request will be processed on the same day. When we receive the request, we will email you to confirm we received it, and

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.434444
Retrieved Text: We deliver anywhere in Edmonton and area, Canada and USA. Different delivery methods apply (see Delivery Methods in FAQ).
In-store pickup (during store hours) Lucky Supermarket North (13851 127 St NW) within 5 days of notification or delivery to address at the slot you book.
Courier companies listed during checkout whose terms, fees and schedules apply (see their website). Someone must be present to receive shipment at all time. We are not responsible for any damage/delay once the item is handed to the courier company. We use Styrofoam boxing and ice packings - no produce allowed, frozen food arrive partly frozen. PO Box delivery is not available at the moment. Deliveries outside Canada may be subject to custom duties and food restrictions.
Within Edmonton: in-store pickup (during store hours) Lucky Supermarket North (13851 127 St NW) within 5 days of notification or delivery to address at the slot you book listed during checkout. Canada and USA: courier companies time apply.
All fees are shown during checkout before payment.
Items which are priced by weight must be a minimum 2 lb and can be ordered in fractions (eg: 2.5lb of bananas). Enter amount on "quick view" or on the "product's page". On the delivery date, they will be closely weighted (more or less) depending on availability and charged accordingly.
You will receive a confirmation email. On the day of the delivery we collect your items. Some items may not be available and will not be substituted by default. You will be charged based on in-store price, online prices are available as a guide.
You

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.391516
Retrieved Text: The Time Of Your Life - A Destination Wedding - live. travel. blog.
It’s hard to think of a more appropriate dream vacation than a destination wedding with a subsequent honeymoon in some exotic locale. Imagine planning a wedding at some placid tropical lagoon in Australia—the land of Oz—during the most temperate time of the year. If you can imagine it, you can do it—but you’re going to have to get creative.
Firstly, realize that ideal locales don’t always have the same weather year-round. Take the redwoods as an example. Beautiful, tall, exotic, deep, and worthy of awe. But if you have an outdoor wedding amidst the redwoods in November, they’re going to be something else: cold.
The pacific northwest only gets to the sixties on the redwood coasts during summer. It does get hotter at higher altitudes, but there are many regions that stay moist and cool year round. If you’re going to get married among such giants, it’s integral you do so at the right time of year.
When it comes to beaches and lagoons, there are similar considerations. Even Los Angeles has chilly oceans in December—but the outside temperatures are warm enough, and the crowds low enough, that a beachside wedding may make sense. So plan things out at least a year in advance to give you the greatest choice of locale.
Once you have the location ironed out, your next responsibility will involve the actual “infrastructure” of the wedding. How many groomsmen? How many bridesmaids? How many guests? Will the venue be outdoors or indoors? Will you

================



======= Instance Index 48 =========
Input Text: A turtle may lay six eggs, and a sea turtle may lay a hundred eggs, and

Which is the correct answer?
- turtles will hatch more
- sea turtles will hatch more
- animals can lay eggs
- turtles are warm blooded

Target Text: sea turtles will hatch more

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 76.716705
Retrieved Text: An endangered turtle returned to a Maldives beach to lay its eggs - only to discover a runway had been built on the historical nesting site.
The green sea turtle, whose population is falling because of poachers hunting them for meat and egg harvesting, returned to the site of the beach in Noonu Atoll.
Female turtles return to the exact area where they were born to lay their own eggs, but instead of finding a suitable spot this turtle found only tarmac.
Developers completed Maafaru Airport in August, and there are further plans for buildings in the area including a hotel and a resort.
The Abu Dhabi Fund for Development, based in the UAE, funded the 7,200ft-long runway which will be able to accommodate six jets.
Local sources said the sea turtle, who may have spent years travelling back to the beach to lay her eggs, was released into the sea.
She was reportedly in good health.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 70.87433
Retrieved Text: Rantau Abang, Pantai and Beach, Giant Leatherback Turtle, Terengganu, Malaysia.
Rantau Abang is about 60 km from Kuala Terengganu, the nearest town is Dungun which is 22km to the south. This place is rather famous as the main nesting beach for turtles especially as one of the six nesting beach in the world for giant leatherback turtle (Dermocheleys coriaca). From May to September in every year, there will be visitors wait patiently and quietly on the beach for the turtle. The turtle will swim all the way back to here, then lumbering slowly on the sandy beaches to lay their eggs and disappear in the sea again. They normally lay their eggs when it is full moon and accompany with hide tide.
Nobody knows the reason why do these creatures choose to come back every year. However, the local believe that the turtles are attracted by two giant turtle stones (Batu Penyu) one lies between the bushes on a little hill in the village off the coast and another soaking in seawater. The mysterious stone on the hill is accessible in a 30 minutes short walk passing through the village. There is sign board along the way or you may get a villager to bring you there. Whereas the other one is covered by sand and water and is not visible any more.
Though there are conservation actions taken by the Fisheries Department, reports show that number of turtle coming back to lay theirs eggs every year is declining. This is partly due to the consequence of some incorporative

########
Rank: 2
Score: 69.56361
Retrieved Text: Florida soft shell turtle has a strange snorkel like nose and lives almost entirely aquatic, only emerging from the water to bask or to lay eggs.
The Museum & Sea Life Collection: Museum Collection Turtle Apalone ferox Taxidermy Florida Softshell Turtle From North America.
Interesting Trait: almost entirely aquatic, only emerging from the water to bask or to lay eggs.
Description: Florida soft shell turtle has a strange snorkel like nose and lives almost entirely aquatic, only emerging from the water to bask or to lay eggs.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 69.427124
Retrieved Text: Sea turtles can be found in oceans in every corner of the world. They’re born small enough to fit into the palm of your hand, with a wanderlust that drives them straight into the ocean, never to come out again in some cases! Think you know everything there is to know about sea turtles already? Here are 5 fun facts you may not have known before!
Male sea turtles never return to land after birth, but female sea turtles will find a nice sandy beach to dig a nest and lay her clutch of eggs. Each season, she may lay 65 – 180 eggs every two weeks during a nesting season. The eggs will incubate for 50 – 60 days, and when the turtles are ready to hatch, instinct leads them into the water! The gender of the hatchlings has everything to do with temperature during incubation – cooler temperatures produce male turtles, and warmer temperatures mean the hatchlings will be female.
Sea turtles are on the move their entire lives, and will travel thousands of miles in a lifetime. A female turtle was once observed travelling over 12,000 miles from Indonesia to the U.S.! Incredibly, even though they travel such long distances, many females will return to the beaches where they hatched to lay their own eggs. There’s no place like home!
The first sea turtles are thought to have roamed the oceans over 100 million years ago. They shared the planet with dinosaurs and watched the world change around them – but they haven’t changed much at

########
Rank: 4
Score: 67.927505
Retrieved Text: Loggerhead sea turtle hatchlings can sometimes be spotted on South Carolina beaches from July through October.
Loggerhead nesting season runs from May through October. During this time, nests are laid on barrier islands throughout South Carolina. It's the time when female turtles come out of the ocean and make their way to the dunes, where they lay their eggs in nests. The turtles lay nests from May through mid-August, with each nest having about 120 eggs. The eggs incubate for 55 to 60 days, and the babies emerge from July through October.
Protecting these turtles has become a labor of love for folks along the coast, with volunteer groups patrolling the beachfront each day, searching for nests and making sure they aren't disturbed. Loggerheads are one of four types of sea turtles that visit South Carolina; three are endangered and the Loggerhead is considered in the threatened stage.
We were fortunate last summer to watch two baby loggerheads emerge from their nest on Pawleys Island, helped along on their journey by SCUTE -- South Carolina United Turtle Enthusiasts.
Once you see the struggle these tiny, amazing creatures face trying to make the journey from the dunes to the waves, you'll want to do whatever you can to make their chances of survival better. And there are ways beachgoers can help.
The S.C. Aquarium in Charleston has a terrific sea turtle rescue program. Keep up with news from its Sea Turtle Hospital here.
The South Carolina Department of Natural Resources Marine Turtle Conservation Program is responsible for managing and protecting sea turtles in

########
Rank: 5
Score: 67.15601
Retrieved Text: The loggerhead turtle is a species of the Cheloniidae family.
It is a species of sea turtles rapidly receding, which is locally subject to a restoration plan.
This species, few pelagic, frequent usually temperate waters and sometimes tropical and subtropical waters. This is the only turtle nesting outside the tropics. Grouped by several hundred of individuals, they are able to travel considerable distances from their living site to reach laying grounds. In the Mediterranean, the loggerhead turtle is the most common species. It is also the most common turtle in the western Atlantic.
Loggerhead, carnivore, feeds mainly on crustaceans and molluscs; it can weigh up to 160 kg and the average weight of an adult is 105 kg. It can measure 1.25m but average adults measured 1.10m.
Dedicated to swim offshore, the members of this great sea turtle serve both thrusters (front legs) and steering (back legs).
Its carapace is heart-shaped, flattened, its width is about 76% of its length. Its head is quite long and very wide. There are two pairs of prefrontal scales on the head and a strong horny beak. The shell can be recognized to have five pairs of side plates, a front pair adjacent to the precentral plate and three pairs of inframarginal plates on front. As the hawksbill sea turtle, it has two claws on each flipper.
Like other sea turtles, the females lay their eggs only every two or three seasons. The age of sexual maturity is estimated at more than 10 years. Most loggerheads that reach adulthood live 30 years or over 50 years.
In

########
Rank: 6
Score: 66.812065
Retrieved Text: Sea Turtle nesting season on St. Joseph Peninsula – Cape San Blas is MAY 1- END OF OCTOBER.
Seeing a sea turtle lay her eggs or seeing one of the nests come to life with hatchlings can be one of the most memorable experiences you can have on Cape San Blas!
During the early part of the season, you may be lucky enough to see one of the huge, beautiful turtles come in and lay her eggs. You can walk the beach with the Turtle Patrol to learn about these ancient creatures and their struggle for survival.
In 2017 St. Joseph Peninsula had a total of 206 nests and 2011 were Loggerhead nests. Loggerhead Turtles are an endangered species! These nest produced 14,071 eggs and 8,982 hatchlings.
During nesting season the Turtle Patrol is out every day looking for tracks or a “crawl” of the adult turtle coming from the water. The Turtle Patrol will take a variety of measurements, then cover the nest with a metal screen to deter predators. Then they mark all nests with wood stakes and yellow tape, so you will likely see many of these on your long walks on Cape San Blas. Never touch a sea turtle nest…only PERMITTED TURTLE PATROL volunteers are permitted to do this.
Sea Turtles and their hatchlings are very vulnerable when they are on the beach.
How can YOU help the turtles survive?
Remove all your items from the beach each night so these mom’s get to their spot to nest!
After a day of making sand castles and digging holes on the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 66.21138
Retrieved Text: The Cape Verde Islands are very well known today for the turtles that can be seen at different beaches. Especially the loggerhead turtle (Caretta Caretta) is very common. An encounter with a prehistoric sea turtle is an unforgettable experience. Which turtle species are there in Cape Verde? What does their life course? Where can you spot turtles? When is the best chance to see baby turtles crawling to the sea?
Five of the seven sea turtles are found in the waters around the Cape Verde islands. All have the status of endangered or seriously endangered species. For the loggerhead turtle, the beaches of Cape Verde are one of the most favorite places in the world to make their nests.
The leatherback turtle is the largest sea turtle in the world and can reach a length of no less than 2.5 meters. They have a leathery scale and occur worldwide. The turtle nests are incidentally found on the beaches of Cape Verde.
The sea turtle is also called the real loggerhead turtle. The name caret comes from the back shield. With an average length of 90 centimeters the real loggerhead turtle is a medium sized sea turtle. They have a sickle-shaped mouth to extract prey from rock crevices. You find this species especially in coral reefs and rocks and they are well recognizable by their beautifully crenated and marked back shield.
This is one of the most widespread sea turtles in the world and it is named after their large head. Their head can be as long as 30 centimeters. The

########
Rank: 8
Score: 65.756165
Retrieved Text: Exploring an ocean is exciting for preschool children! Ocean animals, shells, sand, and water are a wonder and bring out the natural curiosity that is at the heart of every young child. Whether your children have a chance to visit a real ocean or not, learning about the life cycle of a sea turtle is playful discovery for preschoolers!
For hands-on play with the sea turtle’s life cycle, Safari Ltd. offers a green sea turtle life cycle set: eggs, hatchling, juvenile, and adult. Discuss the 4 basic stages with the children while showing each piece from the set.
Sea Turtle Eggs – the female turtle can lay up to 100 eggs in the sand at night. The female leaves the ocean to lay her eggs in a hole (nest) then covers the eggs with sand using her front and back flippers.
Sea Turtle Hatchling – in 6-12 weeks (time differs with various turtles), the turtles hatch from their shells and make their way to the deeper waters in the ocean.
Juvenile Sea Turtles – the younger turtles have an initial growing period of up to a decade. The young turtles live and feed in the ocean waters. Eventually, the turtles will join the other turtles along the ocean’s coastline.
Adult Sea Turtles – an adult sea turtle can grow over 3 feet long. Some types of sea turtles can live to be 100 years old. Adult sea turtles make their home along the coastlines of the Atlantic, Pacific, and Indian Oceans. If possible, show the children where the oceans are located

########
Rank: 9
Score: 65.694016
Retrieved Text: The marine turtle monitoring programme in the Mozambican component of the Lubombo TFCA has had another successful season.
Ponta do Ouro-Kosi Bay is Africa’s first marine transfrontier conservation area and is part of the Lubombo TFCA. The Ponta do Ouro Partial Marine Reserve’s turtle monitoring programme links up with the one across the border in South Africa’s iSimangaliso Wetland Park, a World Heritage Site, where turtles have been monitored since 1963.
Community members are trained annually to work as turtle monitors to protect, measure and tag the critically endangered leatherback and critically endangered loggerhead turtles coming ashore to lay their eggs.
The Ponta do Ouro marine reserve has a rich diversity of marine life and is the most important leatherback and loggerhead turtle nesting ground along the Mozambican coast. Leatherbacks are the largest sea turtles and classified as critically endangered by the IUCN, while loggerhead sea turtles have been classified as endangered.
In the 2013—2014 season, there were 1 518 recordings of loggerhead and 87 of leatherback turtles coming ashore to lay their eggs, i.e. one turtle may return more than once. This is up from the 2012—2013 season, when there were 1 253 recordings of loggerhead and 52 of leatherback turtles coming ashore. The number of confirmed nests was 910 nests for loggerhead (up from 636) and 84 for leatherback turtles (up from 38 during the previous season).

########
Rank: 10
Score: 65.67515
Retrieved Text: As designers of artistic glass drinkware, several of which feature sea turtles, we are huge lovers of these incredible creatures. Since many types of turtles and tortoises are endangered, it's so important for all of us to keep them in mind on a daily basis.
Although one day is certainly not enough, turtles and tortoises are honored on World Turtle Day, which began in the year 2000 and is sponsored yearly by American Tortoise Rescue, intending to bring knowledge, awareness, and respect to the more than 300 species of turtles and tortoises worldwide.
Why are turtles and tortoises so special? Well, firstly because of their awe-inspiring diversity. From sea turtles, which can travel thousands of miles to lay their eggs on the beaches they were born, to the American Box Turtle who can live for over a hundred years, from the tiny Bog Turtle which is only 4 inches long, to the Leathery Turtle which can weigh up to 1500 pounds...the variety amongst the various species is truly amazing.
Turtles live on every continent except for Antarctica and they have outlived almost every other species of reptile that has ever existed. Many scientists attribute that fact to their unique shells, which are made up of over 60 bones all connected together.
Unfortunately, human beings have posed a profound threat to the continued existence of turtles and tortoises. In many cultures around the world, turtle is a staple in the human diet. The desire to consume turtle meat (particularly in turtle soup) has led to the overhunting of these precious creatures.
Destruction

########
Rank: 11
Score: 65.23148
Retrieved Text: Puerto Vallarta is a great place to see baby turtles being released back into the sea thanks to a local program to protect turtles and help to increase their numbers. Tourists are often left in awe at the dozens of baby turtles that are released at any one time on Puerto Vallarta’s beaches.
Throughout the year, mature female turtles arrive to Puerto Vallarta’s beaches to lay their eggs, leaving them to their fate. The months of July through to the end of November is the peak season for baby turtles in Puerto Vallarta, although you can see turtles arrive to the beaches any time of the year if you are lucky.
Turtles usually arrive to Puerto Vallarta to lay their eggs during the night but sometimes you will be lucky to see an adult turtle arrive during the day. When a sea turtle is noticed laying her eggs in Puerto Vallarta, the authorities are notified to come and collect the eggs before predators (both humans and animal) take the eggs. The turtle eggs are then taken to a sanctuary and protected unit the baby turtles hatch.
The turtle hatchlings, as baby turtles are known, are then returned to the beaches in Puerto Vallarta where the eggs were found and released into the sea. Large numbers are released at a time to increase the chances of survival, although statistics suggest that only 1% of baby turtles make it to full maturity. This low survival rate is part of the reason why governments all over the world, including Mexico have programs

########
Rank: 12
Score: 64.39998
Retrieved Text: As the biggest and the oldest of the world’s 7 existing sea turtle species, the leatherback sea turtle represents a sought after marine species for water sport enthusiasts. Perhaps that’s because of its accolades or because it is relatively rare to find, but mostly scuba divers and snorkelers enjoy seeing the leatherback because it’s one awesome animal.
Did you know that the leatherback has a mouth and throat full of spines? It really looks like something out of a horror movie, but these tools are actually used to eat jellyfish! In addition, while most leatherbacks are about 5 feet long, the biggest sea turtle ever recorded was a whopping 10 feet in length. Could you imagine coming across that sea turtle roaming around a coral reef?
If you’re in love with sea turtles, keep reading. We have put together some information and curiosities about leatherbacks in order to inspire others to protect these amazing animals.
The leatherback sea turtle, also known as the trunk back turtle, is the largest of the sea turtles. In fact, these turtles can reach 6.5 ft (2m) in length and a weight of 2,000 lbs (900 kg). However, the Pacific leatherbacks are bigger than the Atlantic leatherback sea turtles.
Name: Unlike other marine turtles, the carapace of the leatherback has no bony scales. Instead, it has cartilage strengthened by a mosaic of thousands of small bones. In addition, the turtle’s carapace is covered with skin and is crossed by 7 longitudinal hulls.
Diet: The leatherback feeds mainly on jellyfish and gelatinous animals, consuming up to twice

########
Rank: 13
Score: 64.39547
Retrieved Text: Normally I like to explore common backyard wildlife. But I was recently lucky enough to meet a loggerhead sea turtle as she laid her eggs. For me, this was the treat of a lifetime. And I had to share!
This all started when I was a child. I was fascinated by turtles. It didn’t matter the species, I loved them all. I diligently kept a turtle log, recording the scientific data of all the turtles I found. I had a wonderful science teacher who encouraged my love of nature and allowed me to bring turtles into class to show everyone. She even allowed me to collect everyone’s pennies and dimes to scrape enough money together for our class to join a sea turtle rescue.
Fast forward to 2015, and I’m still just as excited every time I find a turtle. So, I recently visited the Georgia Sea Turtle Center on Jekyll Island with my family. This wonderful facility handles turtle triage up and down the East coast. The center in itself is a treat. The displays are beautiful and informative. Each visitor gets to follow the trek of a turtle through its life finding out where it goes once it’s hatched and beyond. You can see the rehabilitating sea turtles in their tanks and even observe a feeding.
During nesting season, the center offers nighttime hikes to; hopefully, see the females as they come ashore to lay their eggs. Nothing’s guaranteed, but I decided to seize the day and booked my family.
We started at the center for a short

########
Rank: 14
Score: 64.12471
Retrieved Text: Snapping Turtles live in all Connecticut towns. Snapping turtles are recognized for their hostile personality and sharp beak, which can inflict troublesome bite wounds. The snapper will usually escape confrontation when in the water, if interrupted on land, the animal will strike rapidly by reaching forward and snapping with their beaks. Usually not a problem unless children and pets are involved.
The snapping turtle definitely is the biggest freshwater turtle living in CT. An adult common snapping turtle may reach greater than 60 lbs (growing up in North Haven one was taken out of a pond behind my house nearly 70lbs). Average body weight is within 12-30 lbs. Snappers stay in the water most of the time. They prefer shallow ponds, lakes, and slow moving water.
Snapping turtles are omnivorous eating plant and animal matter such as fish, frogs, ducks, and smaller mammals. They are really effective scavengers and tidy up dead fish and animals.
Snapping turtles lay eggs in the Spring. She will usually dig her nest during the night or in the morning. Nests are usually located in an open, sandy spot near proximity to vegetation. The hole normally is four to eight inches deep. The turtle will deposit between 12 and 38 eggs. Eggs Are similar size and shape of ping pong balls. The turtle eggs hatch by early fall.
Why people request to have Snapping turtles trapped and removed?
Turtles can sometimes become a nuisance in practically every body of water. Any body of water with a sufficient food supply will do. During the spring they lay

########
Rank: 15
Score: 63.946392
Retrieved Text: A diet of algae and seagrasses gives this turtle (Chelonia mydas) greenish colored fat—and its name. Weighing as much as 500 pounds, the threatened green sea turtle lives its life at sea, with only females coming to shore to lay eggs. See a slideshow with more pictures of beautiful but threatened animals, and meet the seven species of sea turtle.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 63.451527
Retrieved Text: As Sea Turtle nesting season draws to a close around this time of year, we can reflect on how wonderful it is that our beaches are a destination for Sea Turtle species to lay their eggs.
The safety and success of those nests depends largely on dedicated volunteers who patrol the beaches looking for signs of a nest, block off areas of the beach where a nest is suspected or has been confirmed in order to protect the nest, and help the hatchlings make their way safely to the sea. These volunteers are active in the early morning hours, before most of the beach-goers arrive on the strand, looking for signs of "turtle prints" leading from the dunes to the water.
Female Loggerhead Sea Turtles make their way to our shores in the nighttime between May and August, creating a nest deep in the sand up by the dunes and depositing up to 120 eggs in their nest before heading back to sea. Volunteers turn out in the first morning light to look for signs of sea turtle tracks in the sand. Once the beaches start filling up with visitors and the tide starts moving up, these tracks are easily erased and the sea turtle nest can go undetected. If a potential nest is spotted, volunteers can stake out the nest area and do everything they can to ensure it's protected. This is such an important job because of how busy our beaches become during Sea Turtle nesting season.
Wrightsville Beach and southeastern North Carolina is privileged to be

########
Rank: 17
Score: 62.798096
Retrieved Text: Just two days old, the baby snapping turtles burrowed their way into warm sand to nap.
They've spent the last 75 days in round eggs that resemble ping pong balls, growing in a carefully controlled incubator.
When the time is right, the little snappers will be released into the wild.
Without a little help, however, the baby turtles may not have had a chance to live.
Likely run over by a car in a Westland mall parking lot, the turtles' mother was severely injured and left to die in a trash can in June.
Discovered by a worker emptying the trash, the mother turtle was soon connected to the staff at Emergency Veterinary Hospital Ann Arbor, a clinic located in Scio Township.
Named for the department store where she was rescued, "Mama Kohl" was a large adult female snapping turtle with a shell more than a foot long, said Dr. Lindsay Ruland.
A radiograph image of Mama Kohl, an adult female snapping turtle, filled with eggs.
Ruland said the turtle was admitted with severe injuries to its head and with a broken jaw. The turtle was also in sepsis, a severe illness caused by a bacterial infection.
The turtle would have likely been euthanized, Ruland said, but an X-ray changed that.
The X-ray showed the turtle was pregnant. Ruland said she was determined to help the turtle lay its 51 eggs.
Ruland and her staff had to induce labor twice to get the mother turtle to lay all of its eggs.
Out of Mama Kohl's 51 eggs, a total of 28 have survived. The other eggs did not

########
Rank: 18
Score: 62.543655
Retrieved Text: Check out our range of fun turtle facts for kids. Learn about turtle shells, the biggest turtle species, turtle eggs and much more.
Read on and enjoy a variety of interesting information about turtles.
Turtles have a hard shell that protects them like a shield, this upper shell is called a ‘carapace’.
Turtles also have a lower shell called a ‘plastron’.
Many turtle species (not all) can hide their heads inside their shells when attacked by predators.
Turtles have existed for around 215 million years.
Some turtles lay eggs in the sand and leave them to hatch on their own. The young turtles make their way to the top of the sand and scramble to the water while trying to avoid predators.
Sea turtles have special glands which help remove salt from the water they drink.
Many turtle species are endangered.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 62.488323
Retrieved Text: Sea turtles, air-breathing reptiles with streamlined bodies and large flippers, are well adapted to life in the marine environment. They inhabit tropical and subtropical ocean waters throughout the world.
Of the 7 species of sea turtles, 6 are found in U.S. waters: green, hawksbill, Kemp's ridley, leatherback, loggerhead and olive ridley. The 7th species, the flatback sea turtle, is found only in Australia.
Although sea turtles live most of their lives in the ocean, adult females must return to beaches on land to lay their eggs. They often migrate long distances between foraging grounds and nesting beaches.
All marine turtles occurring in U.S. waters are listed under the Endangered Species Act (ESA) and are under the joint jurisdiction of NOAA Fisheries and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. Green turtles and olive ridley turtles have breeding populations that were listed separately under the ESA, and therefore, have more than one ESA status.
In 1977, NOAA Fisheries and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS) signed a Memorandum of Understanding to jointly administer the Endangered Species Act with respect to marine turtles. NOAA Fisheries has the lead responsibility for the conservation and recovery of sea turtles in the marine environment and USFWS has the lead for the conservation and recovery of sea turtles on nesting beaches.
Major threats to sea turtles in the U.S. include, but are not limited to: destruction and alteration of nesting and foraging habitats; incidental capture in commercial and recreational fisheries; entanglement in marine debris; and vessel strikes. To reduce the incidental capture of sea turtles in commercial

########
Rank: 20
Score: 62.33969
Retrieved Text: As sea turtles nest on Florida beaches, experts say they are facing some challenges from the aftereffects of Hurricane Sandy and Tropical Storm Debby.
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. — As sea turtles nest on Florida beaches, experts say they are facing some challenges from the aftereffects of Hurricane Sandy and Tropical Storm Debby.
Dr. Robbin Trindell is responsible for sea turtle management at the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission. She says the storms altered many Florida beaches where sea turtles nest, and changes in the coastal landscape can make it difficult for sea turtles to successfully lay their eggs and produce hatchlings.
The wildlife commission reminds beachgoers that it's illegal to disturb sea turtles, their nests or hatchlings. The loggerhead is a federally threatened species, while the leatherback and green turtle are federally endangered.
Marine turtle nesting season began in March, from Brevard through Broward counties. May first marks the official start in other coastal counties.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 62.330383
Retrieved Text: Scuba diving in Punta sur drift dive with the Turtles From May to June.
Turtles are captivating creatures. Some of them look like gentle giants, but that doesn’t take away the fact that they are very social in company of other turtles and adorable as well. Talking about turtles mating, it requires sexually mature turtles. As such, a male turtle needs to be at least three years old and the female turtle should be at least five years old. That being said, one should ensure that they breed only healthy turtles.
It’s nothing short of challenge to ensure that the turtles eat the right amount and kind of foods during mating. Experts reckon that turtles are observed to be more sexually oriented during late spring. This is primarily due to longer days and warmer climate. Such an environment stimulates the sexual desires in them.
If you witness that your turtles are rubbing their body against each other, then you should know that this is a sign of affection towards each other. One may call it a way of flirting with each other. You will also find them moving around unusually trying to grab attention of their partner. After the drama is over, they are able to develop the comfort zone to start mating. The male turtle will be seen climbing from behind. It will then wrap its tail around the female turtle’s tail. This can be considered as the onset of the fertilization process.
You shouldn’t be surprised to see the male turtle charging on the female turtle while starting

########
Rank: 22
Score: 62.084232
Retrieved Text: Guided turtle tours are a fun and environmentally-sound way to observe these gentle giants as they come ashore to lay their eggs. Five species and one sub-species of sea turtle nest on the country's Caribbean and Pacific coasts, where park rangers and turtle conservation organizations strive to protect and monitor their populations. Visitors can arrange evening turtle tours with a licensed guide or park ranger. Note that cameras, video, or flash photography are strictly prohibited on night turtle tours. Turtles are extremely sensitive to ambient light, and rangers and biologists want to keep our impact to a minimum.
We will pick you up at your lodging.
Pick Up: between 5:30 and 6:30.
This Tour varies in length. May be 2.5 - 4 hours.
Pick up will be at 17:45 in Tamarindo area for other locations please send us an e-mail to kellyssurfshop@gmail.com or call to 2653-1355.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 62.013638
Retrieved Text: Ever since the 1960s, Playa Ostional has been a major nesting site for Ridley sea turtles, and leatherback turtles frequent this beach in smaller numbers. This beach is an essential part of sea turtle conservation in Costa Rica.
Ridley turtles nest here en masse from July to December, a process that is called an “arriabada” is Spanish. Most eggs are laid after sunset and before dawn. You can take tours that will allow you to watch sea turtles come ashore to lay their eggs, or see the baby turtles emerge from their eggs. Ostional villagers sometimes come to the rescue of baby sea turtles and guard against vultures as the baby turtles make their way to the sea.
Playa Ostional is protected by the Ostional Wildlife Refuge. Local conservationists have proposed that a controlled harvest will help preserve the population since Costa Ricans look forward to the sea turtle egg harvest and consider the eggs a delicacy. Visitors, however, must not disturb the turtles or their eggs in any way.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 61.852898
Retrieved Text: We Indians celebrate numerous festivals throughout the year with much zest and vigour. Most of these festivals are religious rituals and rarely do we have any event to celebrate the nature around us. Earth Day on April 22 and World Environment Day on June 5 are two of the very few times in the year when we remember Mother Nature.
Interestingly, there is a festival organized in Maharashtra exclusively for turtles! Sea turtles are endangered species due to poaching and habitat destruction. All of the five species of marine turtles found in the sea waters around the Indian subcontinent are listed as either endangered or threatened species. Among these, Olive Ridley turtles have a distinct behaviour of forming Arribadas, which are mass gatherings of female turtles to lay eggs on the shore. In India, these Arribadas mass gatherings are observed in Orissa and Maharashtra.
While turtles breed throughout the year, their mating activities increase exponentially during the months of November to March. After mating, the female turtle comes ashore during the night and just beyond the high tide line, it dig holes up to 18 inches deep and fill them with about 100-150 eggs. Interestingly, females return to the very same beach from where they first hatched, to lay their eggs!
Over the years, most of these eggs were stolen by people and being sold in black markets. Few years ago, Sahyadri Nisarga Mitra, an eco-conservation NGO in Maharashtra, came forward to provide protection to sea turtle eggs which were being hunted in the Konkan Coast. Every year, a

########
Rank: 25
Score: 61.811275
Retrieved Text: These turtles are often seen taking clown fish on epic adventures to Sydney on the East Australian Current. But their good nature has put them at risk.
Flatback Sea turtles can live for over 230 million years and have been on earth for longer than 50 years. Or maybe that is the other way around.
Unlike Scandinavian Flatpacks, they do not require assembling.
The flatback turtle are named this because they have a very flat upper shell, which is unique from all other sea turtles.
Flatback turtles spend almost all their lives under the water, but have to come up for air a lot. They dive for 5 minutes and then come to the surface to breathe for 3 seconds. They can rest or sleep underwater for several hours at a time but when they are active and diving for food or escaping predators they have to come up for air more often.
The flatback turtle lays its eggs in the sand on the beach, and depending on how well they are buried and how hot they get, this will determine if it is a girl or a boy. Eggs incubated at temperatures below 29ºC will be male, whereas eggs incubated above 29 ºC will be female.
The flatback turtle feed in the northern coastal regions of Australia as well as Indonesian and Papua New Guinea while all known breeding sites occur only in Australia.
Their smooth shells and paddlelike flippers help them speed through the water as fast as 24 kph. These long-distance travelers have been known to swim up to 5000

########
Rank: 26
Score: 61.70294
Retrieved Text: Members of the youth section of the Green Every on Saturday held an annual clean up of Lara Bay as part of the campaign Seas and Coasts, Free and Clean.
This is the 22nd year in succession that the young volunteers have organised such a clean up in the area. They told CyBC they had found that there has been some progress as regards the amount of rubbish left on this important turtle nesting beach.
Volunteers were also able to witness the magical moment as newly-hatched sea turtles make their way to the sea. And in 20 to 30 years, they’ll be back at this exact location to lay their own eggs.
” Every single year we share with our volunteers a unique experience. Some moments are precious! Thank you all for being part of it! ” they said on the Facebook and shared the following video.
ΛΑΡΑ …Σημερα !Η Φυση αντιστεκεται !!!
A video was also shared by the Greens.
Στην παραλία ωοτοκίας των χελωνών στη Λάρα, στη χερσόνησο του Ακάμα εκστράτευσε και φέτος η Νεολαία Οικολόγων-Young Cyprus Greens για την καθιερωμένη εκδήλωση καθαριότητας της παραλίας. Εκτός από τον καθαρισμό και τις βουτιές στα γαλανά νερά του όμορφου κόλπου, έτυχαν και επί τόπου ενημέρωσης για το πρόγραμμα αναπαραγωγής των θαλάσσιων χελωνών από την ομάδα του Ανδρέα Δημητρόπουλου, την ώρα που τα χελωνάκια πήγαιναν προς την θάλασσα.
A recent Associated Press article described Cyprus’ conservation programme for Green turtles and Loggerhead turtles as pioneering.
When those efforts began in 1978, there were just 300 turtle nests on the island’s beaches where the reptiles return

########
Rank: 27
Score: 61.492615
Retrieved Text: PHUKET: Phuket’s marine wildlife experts have expressed concern that turtles are not laying eggs on many of the Andaman beaches historically used by the turtle population.
“The nesting season for sea turtles along the Andaman coast is usually from November to March. Their preferred nesting sites are Mai Khao Beach in Phuket, Tai Muang Beach in Phang Nga and some coastal areas in Satun province,” said Kongkiat Kittiwattanawong, head of the Marine Endangered Species Unit at the Phuket Marine Biological Center (PMBC).
“Unfortunately, the turtles are not laying eggs on the usual beaches even though it is the nesting season,” he said.
The number of Leatherback, Olive Ridley and Green turtles are lower than before, a worried Mr Kongkiat explained.
“Climate is a major factor. It determines turtle population size as well as affecting the gender of the turtle’s offspring. The optimum temperature [for turtle nesting] is 29ºC. If it’s too hot they won’t lay eggs,” he said.
An officer stationed at the Khao Lampi – Hat Thai Mueang National Park, in Phang Nga, also confirmed that no turtles had laid eggs on the beach this year.
National park officers are to monitor the situation closely, Mr Kongkiat explained.
“Encouragingly though, the turtles have continued to lay eggs on the beaches of the Similan islands, off the Phang Nga coast, all year round.
“Since January, about 100 nests have been counted, most of them made by Olive Ridley turtles,” Mr Kongkiat added.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 61.467594
Retrieved Text: A couple of hundred yards from out house is a small dirt road called “Roaring Brook Lane”. It parallels a brook and goes over a small bridge to a dock by the lake. While walking the dog we decided (actually he decided – I merely followed) to go down to the dock. We haven’t had much rain of late and the brook was hardly “roaring”. In fact it was completely dry. As we walked down I caught a glimpse of movement out of the corner of my eye and decided to “check it out”. It turned out to be a large (I’d guess almost 2ft long) snapping turtle dragging itself out of the dry water course.
I understand from my reading that they rarely leave the water unless they are planning to lay eggs, and that the egg laying season is from April through November. This picture was taken in mid-October so I imagine that the turtle was looking for a spot to lay its eggs.
From its appearance it’s a common snapping turtle rather than an alligator snapping turtle, which I believe is found farther south in the US.
Whichever it was I stayed well away from it and quickly left. I didn’t want to disturb its egg laying and I’d also heard that such creatures can deliver a nasty bite.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 61.39703
Retrieved Text: The St. Lucie Nuclear Plant is dedicated to our role as an environmental steward.
Our Sea Turtle Conservation Program has been dedicated to protecting this endangered species for the past 30 years. Our team of biologists research and even help to rehabilitate sea turtles that have been injured by boats or other marine wildlife.
Join Us for a Turtle Walk!
FPL Turtle Walks are conducted Friday and Saturday nights in June and July.
These walks are extremely popular and limited by permit to 50 people. Once a turtle is sighted, the group is taken to the beach to watch her lay her eggs. Reservations are required.

================



======= Instance Index 49 =========
Input Text: Squirrels store acorns

Which is the correct answer?
- they build their homes from them
- they use them to keep warm
- to have nourishment thru the cold months
- because they like the aesthetic

Target Text: to have nourishment thru the cold months

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 32.613113
Retrieved Text: If you call my wife “squirrelly” this time of year, she won’t take offense. She’s been collecting walnuts for two weeks and will continue for several more.
We’ve got several mature walnut trees on the edge of the yard, and this year they have produced a bumper crop.
The problem is that gray and fox squirrels collect walnuts as frantically as Linda does. If she gets a late start on a given day, the walnuts disappear, and she must wait until the next day.
Being out competed by squirrels usually puts her in a foul mood. When she sees a squirrel scampering across the yard with a big walnut in its jaws, she mutters words I can’t print in a family newspaper.
Squirrels, of course, are in the midst of their fall feeding frenzy. They collect and store walnuts, acorns, hickory nuts and beechnuts for the long winter that lies ahead.
When nut crops fail, squirrel populations plunge.
For Linda, on the other hand, nuts are a gourmet food item. She uses them in recipes for breads, cakes, and granola bars. Though she can buy nuts at a grocery store, Linda prefers wild nuts, especially those from our own backyard.
In the grand scheme of things, of course, Linda’s impact on squirrel food is insignificant. She may collect a few hundred walnuts each fall, but there are tens of thousands within a hundred yard radius of the house.
Fleshy fruits and berries are “soft mast;” nuts are “hard mast.” Crabapples, grapes, cherries, and even poison ivy berries are sought by a variety of birds

########
Rank: 1
Score: 30.976704
Retrieved Text: I just wonder how many in the wild die this very same way.
Unknowing I won't say not any, but I do question If any.
Like not seeing mbd among wilds.
and get mbd if we allowed that.
Thank You for posting this Acorn concern and what to look for when collecting and/or purchasing Acorns ! Nut Mold is a Terrible Thing !! I did not know that moldy nuts could have such a devastating effect on squirrels !! Again ..Thank You and sorry for your loss !!
Just a little concern as to the nuts we give our squirrels? I feed wild squirrels up here in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada and consistently read about members in here stating " not to give too many nuts and/or acorns to our squirrels" ! This really confuses me as to the wild guys I feed !! What do wild grey squirrels eat all winter ? The acorns/nuts they stash in the ground during the Fall Months... Correct ? And their lucky to get at these previously stashed nuts due to snow & frozen ground....Correct ? So how is it that we can give our wild squirrels too many acorns/nuts ? A wild squirrel is an opportunist eater and when desperate for nutrition, will eat tree bark or anything it can find !! I just do not understand how you can give a wild squirrel too many acorns/nuts during the winter !! What else do wild squirrels eat during winter and I will feed it to them !! Thanks for any input !
Just a little

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.84103
Retrieved Text: It’s Squirrel Appreciation Day so we have put together some facts and tips all about squirrels to help you appreciate them in your garden and local parks. This time of year can be tough for squirrels, just like other garden wildlife as food can be very scarce and the frozen ground means they may not be able to reach their previously buried food. Have a read of these facts and tips to help your local squirrels and enjoy going outside to feed them.
Did you know that squirrels contribute to new tree growth? There are oak trees all over the country that have grown from buried acorns which have been forgotten by squirrels. So if you find a small Oak tree sprouting, that could just be thanks to a squirrel.
You may only notice your more common grey squirrel usually and get excited at spotting a rarer red one sometimes but around the whole world, there are actually 265 species of squirrels!
If you are patient, some squirrels will actually eat directly from your hand. It may be easier to do this with a friendly garden squirrel that sees you often but even wild squirrels will take food from you. Just stay still and patient with your hand out holding some nuts or seeds. In time, one may just come over to feed.
Just like our garden birds, squirrels need fresh water, both to drink and wash in. A large birdbath will do just the trick and keep it topped up with fresh water, especially when it freezes over. They,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.321228
Retrieved Text: Help the squirrels get ready for winter! Move the squirrels around and hide their acorns underground. This one-player strategy game comes with 60 challenges. What is not to love with squirrels hiding acorns? For 1 player.
For ages 6 yrs-adult, from Smart Toys & Games.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 30.081762
Retrieved Text: To You: Love, Marielle: Celebrate Squirrels!
With their bushy tails and tiny noses, squirrels are endearing. They are busy creatures and easy to spot. Whether you are planning for a preschool group or a fun day at home, celebrate these little critters with a day devoted to them.
Visit your local library and find books about squirrels. Older kids love to use the computer catalog to find specific books.
Learn about squirrels from a squirrel. Sometimes a squeaky voice is all it takes to entertain. Talk about where squirrels live (anywhere from rainforests to deserts) and who some of their cousins are (chipmunks, prairie dogs, and woodchucks). Thanks to our librarian for the puppet loan!
Make your own puppet with this Squirrel Puppet Printable. Print the squirrel and acorn on cardstock. Cut out the squirrel, color it, and put it on a stick. "Laminate" the acorn with clear packing tape. Use velcro sticker dots to allow the acorn to come on and off of the squirrel's hands.
Hide the acorn(s). Have the kid(s) help their squirrel find the acorn and put it in its home. Talk about the seasons and why squirrels hide their nuts.
Humans store food too! Talk about why we might store food (emergencies like storms or earthquakes that could shut down roads or stores) and what kinds of foods are good for storage (water, non-perishable, etc.). Buy or plan together to buy something to add to your food storage.
Using multiple acorns, practice counting. Sing "One little, two little, three little acorns..." (Ten little Indians.) Hide fingers behind back,

########
Rank: 5
Score: 29.304237
Retrieved Text: LONGMONT – My neighborhood is filled with curious people, folks who pull out lawn chairs to watch the goings-on in my yard or devise reasons to stroll by for a closer view. I don’t blame them; things at my place are usually on the edge of chaos, what with me blundering about with power tools, loudly admonishing plants, or arguing with the squirrels.
The squirrels sass back and now my oak tree has gotten in on the action by producing a copious amount of acorns. The nuts are falling, covering the grass. Mowing has become a hazardous activity, so to prevent serious injury, the acorns have to be cleaned up. But there are hundreds of them and efficiency is key; plucking them up by hand would take me into winter. In the face of this, I did what any reasonable gardener would do and reached for technology to speed things up.
Given the size of the acorns and odd twigs, our shop vac was put into action, triggering a chain reaction amongst the neighbors as they settled in to watch the spectacle of my clearing the yard from nuts. I don’t mind a few people sitting in lawn chairs but the vendors selling T-shirts and popcorn were a bit much. You’d think they’d never seen someone vacuuming the lawn while being pelted with acorns by enraged squirrels before.
Our tree is a burr oak, a member of the white oak clan. White oaks produce acorns in one growing season while red oaks produce them in two. Late spring frosts

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.751293
Retrieved Text: Acorns are nuts that form on mature oak trees. The older the tree, the more acorns produced, and trees that are 70 or 80 years old can potentially produce thousands of these tree nuts. While many people recognize the acorn by its decorative uses for fall festivities, there is more to the acorn than just a pretty wooden shell.
Since different species of oak trees exist, acorns come in a variety of shapes, sizes and colors, depending on the type of tree they were produced by. For instance, the Northern Red Oak tree produces acorns that are more egg-shaped and have a shallower, saucer-shaped cup, whereas some white oak trees produce acorns that are stubby and look like they have warty scales.
Certain animal species rely on acorns as a food staple, such as squirrels, woodpeckers and deer. Some animals pick and eat the acorns directly off the trees, while others wait until the acorns fall to the ground. Humans eat acorns, too, but only after acorns are roasted, as acorns naturally produce tannins, which can be toxic if the tannins are too highly concentrated.
Acorns are used as seeds to grow oak trees. When you want to use an acorn as an oak tree seed it is important to know that acorns must not dry out or else they will not germinate. Some secrets to keeping acorns from drying out are to store the them in a plastic bag in the refrigerator. Always keep acorns in the shade after you pick them, and do not freeze them to

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.655193
Retrieved Text: Download their free woodland stencil booklet for guides to painting, carving or etching leaves, squirrels, a moon, owls, deer, acorns, mice and more.
Their free printable woodland pumpkin stencil booklet gives step-by-step instructions, stencils and guides to creating leaves, squirrels, owls, moons, raccoons, mushrooms, deer, mice, acorns and pawprints on your Halloween pumpkin.
Also get 10 more free pumpkin stencils featuring a lighthouse, barn, maple leaf, deer, eagle and more here.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 28.139343
Retrieved Text: Quercus prinoides.Copyright © 2001 by Kevin C. Nixon.www.plantsystematics.org. (Accessed 7/2014).
Quercus prinoides is a shrubby tree to 3 m tall, colonial from stolons, white oak group (subgenus Lepidobalanus).
Leaves alternate, widest above middle, to 10 cm long, lobed like those of Q. prinus with 5-8 low, usually rounded teeth per side, base wedge-shaped, bright green above, white-hairy below, leaf stalk to 1 cm.
Flowers: male flowers elongate clusters of catkins, female flowers solitary or few, very small.
Fruit: mature acorns to almost 2 cm long, base rounded, cup covering about half of nut, scales fine. Seeds dispersed by squirrels, probably by blue jays (Johnson and Adkisson 1985), and other animals that bury acorns.
Habitat: Dry, rocky or sandy, often on rich calcareous, soil pH 5-8.5. Oak barrens and scrub. Tolerant of drought. Intolerant of shade, flooding, soil compaction (Hightshoe 1988).
Notes: Acorns eaten by many birds and mammals that do not bury nuts (raccoon, foxes, deer, voles) white-tailed deer, squirrels and white-footed mice are major predators of acorns (Martin et al. 1951).

########
Rank: 9
Score: 27.636652
Retrieved Text: More than 200 years ago, seven-year-old Ephraim Farrar walked to the front of a schoolroom in Ipswich, New Hampshire, and recited a verse written for him by a townsman, David Everett. History doesn´t record whe-ther the lad earned an A for his elocution skills, but both he and Everett gained a measure of immortality because of two lines that can be found in any book of quotations: "Large streams from little fountains flow. Tall oaks from little acorns grow."
True on both counts! But if you spend an autumn afternoon sitting under an oak that sprouted around Ephraim´s time and watch a plump gray squirrel bury acorns at the rate of one a minute, while a tom turkey scratches away the coppery leaf litter to cram its crop with dozens of the nuts, a new rhyme might pop to mind: "From tall oaks billions of acorns fall. And creatures wild will eat them all."
Indeed, the acorn crop in an oak forest can reach 700 pounds per acre in a good mast year, when one ancient tree with an immense trunk and a spreading crown could yield 15,000 nuts. Yet by the end of November, most of them will be gone. Packets of energy that are easy to open and digest, acorns are a significant food item for some 150 species of birds and mammals and typically make up at least 25 percent of the diets of black bears, raccoons, gray and fox squirrels, wild turkeys and white-footed mice, to name a few. White-tailed and black-tailed deer, meanwhile,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.626074
Retrieved Text: Caching is an innate behaviour that many animals exhibit and involves hiding food for later retrieval; not dissimilar to humans stocking a cupboard with food. Where and how carefully a squirrel chooses to bury a nut is influenced by a variety of factors, including the landscapes, type of food (some are more perishable than others) and the whereabouts of other squirrels. Indeed, with respect to the latter, a squirrel will make false caches if it thinks it's being watched.
Squirrels seem to have a good spatial memory, which helps them relocate their caches, although it has been suggested that memory guides the squirrel to the area and scent guides the squirrel to the specific location of the cache over the final few centimetres.
Caching is the process of storing (or, if you’ll excuse the pun, ‘squirreling away’) food is surplus to immediate requirements for later retrieval. We humans do this too, making a weekly or monthly visit to the supermarket and stocking up the cupboards and freezer. The aim is to provide the “cacher” with a larder from which food can be acquired when conditions are tougher.
In evolutionary terms, for caching to persist as a behaviour the benefits must outweigh the costs. In other words, having a store of food when times are hard, such as during the depths of a freezing winter, must outweigh the costs imposed by spending time looking for a suitable place to bury it – time that could be spent eating, looking for a mate, or watching out for predators. Moreover, for caching

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.564362
Retrieved Text: Preschool and Kindergarten Weather Activities, Lessons, and Crafts.
The Gingerbread Man Crafts, Activities, Games, and Printables for preschool and kindergarten.
Squirrels, Acorns, and Fall. Discover and experience nature and squirrels in fall or autumn.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.417744
Retrieved Text: The Valley oak would be a natural native choice for acorn hunting, and provided a substantial part of the diet of the native people who lived in California long ago, but lacking access to those venerable trees we went to a stand of Cork oak that I happen to be familiar with. I grew up under these trees.
Years and years ago, these trees were a daily fixture in my life during elementary school. Not one for sports or anything more complicated than monkey bars, friends and I would wander under the polka-dotted shade of the canopy of these trees at recess, imagining we were our own world and collecting the ever-present acorns that littered the ground. Acorns would be collected into piles as if we could survive off them in the winter. One day we planned to pound them to mush and rinse them in changes of water to remove the toxin, like the Native Americans. We probably created a nice nest egg for the birds to find later.
As we walked with Isobel under these trees we pointed out partially eaten acorns and talked about the birds that ate them. We don’t really have squirrels in town, though I’ve seen one or two on occasion. Every now and then the wind would blow an a scattering of acorns would fall all around us, like plump raindrops.
We looked at fat acorns and skinny ones, we marveled that some had “hats” but some came bald, many were shades of green, and yellow, or a rich hearty brown.
We talked

########
Rank: 13
Score: 26.962147
Retrieved Text: Quercus prinus.Matthew C. Perry.www.pwrc.usgs.gov. (Accessed 9/2014).
Quercus montana is a tree to 30 m tall; to 120 cm dbh; white oak group (subgenus Lepidobalanus); root system of lateral roots with fine root mat near surface (not as deep rooted as white oak), roots associated with ectomycorrhizal fungi (Decker and Boerner 1997); bark dark, deep furrows with wide, flat ridges.
Leaves alternate, to 22 cm long, widest mostly at or above middle, glossy green above, slightly hairy below (less than Q. bicolor), base usually wedge-shaped margin with 10-15 regular, round-tipped, narrow teeth (smaller and more regular than Q. bicolor).
Fruit acorns to 3.5 cm long, usually much longer than those of white oak, nut shiny, thin shelled, tannin content of kernel low; cap 2 cm wide, covering 1/2 acorn, close fitting, Sept.-Nov., matures in one season. Seeds dispersed by squirrels, blue jays and other animals that bury acorns, Sept.-Oct. Acorns eaten by many birds and mammals that do not bury nuts (raccoon, fox) (Martin et al 1951). Gray squirrels and mice have been shown to destroy over 99% of acorns (Wood 1938). Acorns root the same fall, sprout the following spring, squirrels may cut embryo to prevent germination (Barnett 1977). Acorns germinate and seedlings develop best under a cover of 1-2 inches of leaf litter (Barrett 1931). Seedling grows slowly.
Frequency in NYC: Locally frequent.
Habitat: Upland forests, generally a sign of a maturing forest on dry, undisturbed soil pH 4.5-6.5 (USDA, NRCS 2010). Grows well on relatively acidic, gneiss-derived soils (Balter and Loeb 1983). Seedlings can develop in very acid soil,

########
Rank: 14
Score: 26.695295
Retrieved Text: Over the last few weeks the children have been collecting Autumn leaves, conkers and acorns and bringing them into nursery to show us!
The children in Yellow Class decided to make an Autumn collage using the things they had found outside. When it was dry, they looked at the collage and came up with some words to describe it.
"Leaves, conkers, acorns, green, seeds, helicopters, brown, prickly, shiny, Autumn..."
One of the children told the class "Squirrels collect acorns in their tree houses to eat later!"
Next, the children had a go at writing their own Autumn poem, using their collage as inspiration.
Maybe they'll write some more poems soon!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 26.608475
Retrieved Text: Beautiful homemade wreaths for Fall!
If you haven’t noticed, I’ve been on quite the Fall crafting kick. So when my daughter in love recently called me up to tell me that she just made two amazing homemade wreaths for Fall, I had to share.
She may not be over fifty (that would be weird, right?), but she is fierce as can be and crafty to boot! How did I luck out on a daughter-in-law that loves crafting as much as I do? I’ve enjoyed bonding over our love of crafting and it’s fun to see my grand-darlings joining in on the fun as well.
I certainly hope my son appreciates how beautiful his doors look like this season. He would be a fool not to.
Wreaths are the ultimate symbol of hospitality and festivity. And fresh wreaths made with local foliage mirror the season’s colors better than anything you can buy. Plus, store-bought ones or wreaths from the florist don’t come cheap!
So why not try your hand at making your own wreath? My daughter-in-love promises that if you can safely wield a hot glue gun and are tall enough to trim leaves off of a magnolia tree, both of these wreaths will be a cinch.
Perhaps she will mail one of these to me. Wouldn’t they look lovely on, say, my front door?
I’m heading out of town for a few days but cannot wait to give a wreath a try when I return home to The Pinery!
It’s that time of year for many parts of the country where acorns scatter the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 26.247112
Retrieved Text: The amount of nuts taken by red squirrels from a squirrel feeder correlates with upcoming winter weather conditions significantly.
To prove this, [Carsten] regularly fills a wooden squirrel feeder with a known amount of nuts. A mercury switch on the feeder’s lid triggers the execution of a Python script on a Raspberry Pi. The script then polls a Dallas DS18B20 temperature sensor and takes a photograph through a Raspberry Pi camera module. All gathered data is automatically compiled into a tweet and also sent to ThingSpeak for further processing.
The setup works well, providing squirrels with peanuts and [Carsten] with precious data. The video below suggests that the little fellows tend to take one nut at a time, so the mercury switch effectively counts individual nuts. When refilling, [Carsten] checks how many nuts have actually been taken from the station, which allows him to track the nut consumption more accurately.
Yet, for some mysterious reason, the local squirrel population recently decided to boycott the café entirely. For two weeks now, not a single guest has shown up. The outside temperature was around 35° C (95° F) for these days, so regarding the hypothesis, the appetite loss could already be an indicator for a certain weather dependency of the squirrels’ nut consumption. There are certainly some more factors to consider, like the overall food supply, instinctive behavior, and software bugs, but we’re already curious if we will see more squirrels when the temperature drops again. What do our readers think, can squirrels really predict the weather?
> What do our readers

########
Rank: 17
Score: 26.221905
Retrieved Text: Methods and techniques for keeping squirrels out of your bird feeder, garden, and attic.
Squirrels eat mainly nuts, grains, and fruits. They eat all kinds of nuts from almonds to acorns and every nut in between. Peanuts, which are actually in the bean family, are also a favorite for squirrels. Grains like corn, oats and wheat are also a favorite, which explains why squirrels will so eagerly eat a piece of bread that someone tosses to them.
Although they may be the cutest of all the rodent family, squirrels are no doubt the bane of every gardener’s existence and a scourge to the backyard bird watcher, who vows in vain never to rest until finding a way to keep them away from his bird feeder.
Ever since Saint Serf owned his pet Robin in the year 575, it’s been mankind’s endeavor to come up with better ways of keeping squirrels out of bird feeders.
Today the internet is ablaze with people searching for ways to keep squirrels out of their gardens, attics and bird feeders.
The habits of particular squirrels depend greatly upon which species of squirrel is being referred to, however for this article we’ll look at the common Eastern Grey Squirrel because it’s frequently associated with many types of nuisance problems caused by squirrels.
These squirrels spend their days foraging along the ground and in trees for food. They will also spend time burying food or digging up food they previously buried.
These squirrels are territorial and will chase away any squirrels they see as competitors.
Squirrels are mainly herbivores, meaning they

########
Rank: 18
Score: 26.101864
Retrieved Text: Personal History: I left my family farm and was raised by squirrels. They taught me to survive in nature and live off of the land. In general, I love nature, love to hike and camp under the stars.
Reason for application: I love to meet new people and enjoy chatting with everyone. I am a rl friend of Teaparty and she recommended this to me.
Squirrels, eh? No wonder you steal all the acorns!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 26.08169
Retrieved Text: Oh No! It's a Gruffalo!
Reception pupils enjoyed a wonderful visit to Thorndon Wood before the half term break, meeting all the animals from ‘The Gruffalo’. Pupils explored the forest, disguised as foxes or squirrels, wearing willow crowns decorated with natural woodland resources. They also made owl ice-cream, fed acorns to the squirrels and made a small house for the little brown mouse. A great day out in the woods!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.059614
Retrieved Text: A while back, I wrote about cutting down an oak tree. But what’s cut down must be cut up. So I’ve been spending time with the chain saw and maul to cut the tree into sections and split the sections into fireplace-size chunks.
What I hadn’t sufficiently considered is the fact that oak trees make acorns. This tree had made a great many acorns and they litter the ground where the top of the tree fell. To walk there is like walking on marbles. I’ve tried raking them together, but raking acorns isn’t all that easy. Rakes are designed for leaves.
At this critical moment, I learned somehow that not only do squirrels stash acorns away against the winter, so do blue jays. In fact, experts in the field tell us a single blue jay can store away up to 1000 acorns.
This raises other questions. Like: who did the counting? I picture blue jays discussing with each other why it is that there are those odd people out there with clipboards counting their acorns.
But this in turn leads to the larger philosophical question as to why we count things anyway. I was recently cited for having written “24 books and pamphlets, 19 poems, 30 articles, 16 book reviews, and numerous hymn texts” The numbers are way out of date, but who cares? Why not let “numerous” do for all five categories? I’ve heard of a remote tribe whose numerical skills are confined to “one, two, many.” Isn’t that really enough for most purposes?
I would only add that if

########
Rank: 21
Score: 25.982254
Retrieved Text: The "Generator Oak" this tree holds our 2012 height growth record. We were able to grow a 18" seedling to a 10 Foot Tall Sapling in only one growing season!
Toxey discovered this hybrid between Shumard oak and willow oak in a planting of willow oaks when he noticed it was much bigger than the rest of the surrounding trees. Upon closer inspection, the little leaves had jagged margins kinda like a sawtooth or chinkapin oak. Fast forward several years- the tree’s super growth rate hasn’t changed and routinely generates WAY more acorns every year than the surrounding oaks…hence its nickname “the Generator.” It also is highly prized by the wildlife. One interesting thing we noticed with this hybrid red is that squirrels dine on the acorns immediately after falling, instead of hauling them off to a cache. This is common with the white oak group, but squirrels normally reserve reds for later after losing some bitterness. The acorns are bigger than a willow oak’s and smaller than a Shumard oak’s, making them just about perfect for all of our favorite wildlife species. In a hurry???, the rapid mast seedlings from the Generator oak grow VERY fast and will routinely hit the 6-8 foot mark their first year when paired with your best dirt, a tree tube and proper care. Like some of the other fast growing reds such as Nuttall and Shumard oak, 6-8 years to acorns isn’t unheard of if you do it right.
Wildlife Value: Heaviest eaters are whitetail deer, wild turkey, gray squirrel, and

########
Rank: 22
Score: 25.853134
Retrieved Text: Few trees in our eastern forests surpass the grandeur and statuesque beauty of the white oak (Quercus alba). With strong branches, a stout trunk and the ability to provide welcome shade in the heat of summer with its large spreading canopy, the white oak is a ruler of the forest. They can grow more than 100 feet tall and be 15 feet around.
The 19th century sea captain stopping in at the local pub had a connection to the white oak tree: when sealed, the hard, durable wood made strong, water-tight ships and was often used to make the barrels to store and age whiskey and wine. The white oak is consequently also known as the stave oak.
According to the Virginia Department of Forestry, the light brown, close-grained wood is also used for furniture, flooring and tools. Anyone who harvests and splits their own firewood can attest to the satisfying way in which white oak logs crack open when hit just right with a splitting maul.
Perhaps most famous of the white oaks was the former national champion, the massive Wye Oak in Maryland.
It had a circumference of over 31 feet and was believed to have sprouted in 1540. Sadly, a severe thunderstorm toppled the tree on June 6, 2002.
The legacy of the ‘venerable monarch’ lives on, however, as the trees’ offspring produce acorns of their own.
The new champion resides in Indiana. Ecologically, white oak acorns are highly favored by deer, turkey, bear and squirrels. In a good year, a mature tree produces 10,000 acorns, though good mast

########
Rank: 23
Score: 25.81274
Retrieved Text: In September, 2013, Mrs. Black’s Grade 4/5 class, at Rama Central P.S., invited the entire school to bring in acorns, maple keys and pine cones from home. The class completed a math project with these items, calculating totals, fractions, graphing the items, and estimating how long the food they collected would last if fed to baby squirrels. Then, they delivered 12 lbs. of maple keys, 35 lbs. of acorns and 50 lbs. of pine cones to the sanctuary. We are using them to feed orphaned baby animals!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 25.619732
Retrieved Text: You’ve heard of squirrels storing acorns away for winter but do you do that for your money? No? Then it’s time to check out Acorns- the mobile app that helps you save money by rounding up your daily purchases to the nearest dollar and automatically putting the difference into investment accounts.
Need a job? They are hiring 20 to 30 technologists —developers, testers, program managers, and scrum masters —while the operations side will be looking for 10-20 risk managers and other operations people.
New Chief Technology Officer Hugh Tamassia says the company sees Wilmington as “a powerful financial community that has been depleted over the past few years with people who can help us scale and add products,” he said.
Acorns launched in 2014 and were one of Fast Company magazine’s Most Innovative Companies of 2019. Besides its retirement-investment product, Acorns users can open an IRA, obtain a checking account, and a debit card that links to its investment products.
Summarised from the article, Millennial-centric banking app to hire 30-50 industry vets to drive growth from Delaware Business Times.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.603466
Retrieved Text: Squirrels dig up seed prior to emergence or pull seedlings shortly after emergence.
Though they are terrific climbers, these squirrels do come to the ground in search of fare such as nuts, acorns, berries, and flowers. They also eat bark, eggs, or baby birds. Tree sap is a delicacy to some species. ... Flying squirrels eat nuts and fruit, but also catch insects and even baby birds.
Effectively controls wild animal intrusion and acts as excellent plant growth promoter.
Improves the yield multifold and improves the shelf life of end product.
Improves the soil fertility helping for profile root growth and improves water retention in soil.
Can be used for all crops aged more than 1 month.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.466274
Retrieved Text: How can Health & Fitness work under a Gardening subject header?
Gardening is exercise so I thought I would just go outside into the back yard and do some picking.
I started by getting hold of my ames plastic wheel barrow and worked at bending over and picking up acorns and putting them in the wheel barrow. It was a tiresome exercise. As I picked up acorns from underneath the Pinoak tree I noticed many good ones lying directly under large leaves that fell down on the ground from our Jack and the Beanstalk Tree which has very large leaves and they decay rapidly when on wet soil. It rained the last 2 days and the ground was very moist.
Placed deliberately in bunches, those very smart local squirrels did this. It was an act of nature for sure but an act of intelligent nature, such as the nature of the very intelligent and smart local squirrels that eat our acorns. I put the acorns in the wheelbarrow, threw all the dead leaf matter into the pile under the Pinoak tree to provide some decomposition material for a future mulch pile.
I went inside after I thought I had been doing this task for just about 45 minutes, as I wasn't wearing a watch. When I went inside I asked my wife, "How long was I out there working on the lawn?" - She said, "You were out there about an hour and a half. Were you mowing the lawn?" - I replied, "No. I was trying to pick up

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.385763
Retrieved Text: Two weeks ago we ran out of acorns to feed Emma and Ronnie deer. FD and I had been picking acorns since September. The first acorns were picked from oaks on our own property, but grass growing beneath the trees made it almost impossible to search around on the ground for fallen acorns. Picking them from higher up in the trees had meant me climbing on top of the buggy in order to reach them. When we ran out of nuts from our own trees, a co-worker from FD’s work let us pick from oak trees on his property. And again, the tall grasses left us picking from high up in the trees, and it was getting more difficult to find acorns still in the cupule’s or little caps. Most acorns had dropped to the ground by October. When that supply of acorns ran out, a man in town who had heard of our plight offered to bring us acorns raked up from his front yard. But we quickly found Emma and Ronnie were not much interested in those nuts. I wondered if the good ones had been culled out by squirrels, and the discards left to rot. I had read that, unless one was out early competing with squirrels for nuts, what was left on the ground was probably wormy. Of course there could have been other reasons, and maybe the deer sensed something amiss. So instead of good eats, Emma and Ronnie had piles of discards in their pen that I eventually raked up

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.328178
Retrieved Text: And all the beautiful and sophisticated things you have are just you hoarding acorns- no matter how many romantic Dostoevskian justifications you may have. And you mostly socialise with other acorn hoarders, and complement each other on both acorns, and hoarding. And of course on carefully selecting the best (and safest) territory in which to keep acorns.
Here we have a saying “Even a blind squirrel finds an acorn from time to time.” Studies have shown that squirrels often forget where they have stashed their bounty and have become a major source of reforestation thereby.
As someone who is downscaling dramatically, I am finding it easier and easier to get rid of “stuff” and I am rapidly becoming like Erasmus “When I get a little money, I buy books. If there is any left over, I but food and drink.” The stuff we accumulate often becomes our own little Sargasso Sea, miring us in place, keeping us from moving outward, physically and mentally.
A while back I came up with a system of trading in, let’s say, 4 medium quality candlesticks for two better quality ones. That stops me dying in a hoarder avalanche.
We bait squirrels with stale bread. They’re so tame now they come right to the back door to get it. We call it cat tv.
I’ve just read Mrs Dalloway, and your post reminded me of it a great deal. Sounds like with the mood you’re in, you might enjoy it, if you’ve not done so already; it’s subtle, cutting and brilliant.
What an excellent idea. Now I

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.328178
Retrieved Text: On Monday we were delighted to welcome Neil from Rugby Pups into Squirrels. Neil is going to be doing a few sessions with us, and the children will have the opportunity to develop many skills such as listening, following instructions,hand/eye co-ordination, communication, physical control and most importantly to have fun through physical activity. Rugby pups links in very nicely to the world cup that is currently taking place.
We are using this as an opportunity to look at other countries and have begun to make flags of other nations to represent the wonderfully diverse children that attend Squirrels. It is such a lovely opportunity for children to learn from each other, to hear other languages and talk about other cultures.
This week we have been noticing the signs of Autumn. This is immediately evident every time we go into the garden and are bombarded with the acorns falling off the large oak tree. The ground is beginning to disappear under the carpet of leaves and there is definitely an early morning chill in the air. We have been collecting the acorns in small buckets and trying to sweep them up but there are many more yet to fall.
Some of the children wanted to make musical shakers this week and one child had the idea of putting the acorns into a pot and covering it with paper, secured by sellotape. This made a fantastic shaker and many more of these were produced over a few days. We added the musical instruments and had a lovely time shaking out rhythms

================



