======= Instance Index 0 =========
Input Text: "There are 10 apples on an apple tree.  Three fall off.  Now there are X apples."  What is this an example of?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- park
- coloring book
- garden center
- math problem
- gravity

Target Text: math problem

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 54.928093
Retrieved Text: What are some of your favorite Fall activities? Each Fall we love to head to a local apple tree farm and pick apples! The kids love it and the apples are delicious! We also love apple crafts around our house. This handprint apple tree craft is fun for all ages of children. You probably have everything you need already at home! Each apple tree will be unique since everyone will be using their own handprint for the top of the tree! This craft is even fun to frame and hang around the house or in your child’s room for Fall decor.
Gather your supplies and head to a table. Start off by painting your child’s hand with your green paint. Carefully place their painted hand on a white piece of construction paper. Wash hands afterwards!
You can make your tree as full of apples as you want! Once all the apples are cut out, grab the glue stick and start gluing. My kids enjoyed sticking the apples on their own trees.
After all our apples were glued, I went back and drew a stem and a leaf on each apple.
There is your Handprint Apple Tree! These can be framed and hung up around the house or in your child’s room for some fun Fall decor or they can even be placed in a scrapbook filled with your child’s other crafts.
Have you made a Fall craft yet? If you are looking for a fun craft to do with your child soon, give this handprint apple tree craft a try! It

########
Rank: 1
Score: 54.223827
Retrieved Text: We now have 1300 apples trees growing in our orchard, with another 2000 being planted this winter (2016).
The M9 rootstock of the majority of our trees allows for full production within 5 years. We're half way there!
Formerly fields for dairy cattle to roam through, there are about three acres of field that we are planting our cider apple trees on. Using the M9 dwarf tree rootstock, our trees will be growing in rows, much like a winery. This allows for early producing apples, higher yield, and easier picking in the fall.
Cider apples don't need a lot of extra special care other than love and attention. Fertilizers are kept to a minimum as nitrogen deficient apples are better for craft cider. Since our apples are destined for the crusher, apple scab is not a concern.
The trees that we have growing are a variety of sizes, but the majority of our trees are M9 dwarf style trees. They grow faster, and are easier to pick the apples off the trees. We can stand on stable ground instead of a rickety ladder, and if some canker occurs, then it is far easier to replace a dwarf tree than a great big old tree.
Tod Creek Craft Cider's apples are grown following Good Earth practices; we minimize or eliminate our use of chemicals and fertilizers where possible. Our integrated pest management program follows organic and holistic practices, as a few bugs here and there are ok. Live and let live.
We purposely do not aim to achieve ‘organic’ status as it can

########
Rank: 2
Score: 54.219254
Retrieved Text: With Fall fast approaching, now is the perfect time to start planning our favorite fall activity: apple picking! Going in with a plan helps to assure fun for all! Here are five tips to help make the most of your apple picking adventure.
There are more apple orchards near you than you may think so you may not need to drive to another state to enjoy this autumnal treat. Check out the Orange Pippin site to find orchards near you, the best time to visit and the kinds of apples available.
While it may be tempting to sleep in, apples are best picked early in the morning. Picking them when the air is cooler, compared to the afternoon, will help them stay fresh longer. Beat the heat and crowds by being the first one in line at the farm!
We know apple orchards are gorgeous and that picture of your cute wooden basket will get tons of likes on Facebook, but hear us out! Studies show the more time you spend taking pictures of events, the less you will enjoy them. So leave the phone in your car and revel in the beautiful day outside.
Did you know apples ripen from the outside of the tree and then work inwards? If you want the most deliciously ripe, ready-to-eat apples, pick your apples from the outside of the tree. Also, remember that once you pick them, they stop ripening. Make sure the apple you pick is exactly the one you want before you pluck it off the tree.
5. Turn your apples

########
Rank: 3
Score: 54.00624
Retrieved Text: Several years ago I found what I assumed to be an apple tree growing in the ditch on the church property. So my grandson, Ben and I dug it up and transplanted it to my yard at home. Finally last year it grew one single blossom, and I waited hopefully to see what kind of apples that tree was going to produce. I watched that blossom fall off and a little swelling started in the stem. Every once in a while I would go by that tree and check on that budding apple. Through the summer it grew to about an inch and a quarter in diameter and that’s all. Finally in the fall as the leaves were falling off the tree I realized that the only apples I was going to get off that tree would be crab apples.
Right now it is difficult to tell what kind of fruit there may be on the trees because all there is on them now is blossoms. Those blossoms look nice after a long, cold, grey winter, but they don’t last long. Some of the blossoms are falling off the trees already. It won’t be until the fruit fully develops that you can really tell whether it is going to be good fruit or just ornamental crabs.
So it is with many people who are sitting in churches today including many in good Bible preaching, Bible practicing churches.
They know the right words and proudly put on a “fair shew in the flesh”. This is not a new problem because

########
Rank: 4
Score: 53.264095
Retrieved Text: Maple Walnut Apple Crisp – Each bite is filled with sweet, soft-cooked apples, and crunchy oat and walnut topping, all with subtle maple undertones.
It’s apple season, and the tree we have out back is loaded with apples. In all the years we’ve lived here, this is most apples it’s ever produced. Usually it’s a sorry-looking tree, on the smallish side, with just a few apples. And ultimately stray football or soccer balls knock them off and onto the ground.
But this year. . .this year. . . it’s a sight to see. Full of apples, the branches reach toward the ground, swaying in the wind like they’re going to sweep the ground below them. We lost a few apples to deer and bugs, but most of them are ready to be picked and eaten or put into another dish.
There’s something about eating fresh apples from the tree. The flavor is more pronounced, the crunch is crunchier, and there’s no waxy coating on the skin like you often find in store-bought apples.
Nutritionally, apples have a lot going for them too. They contain a good amount of fiber, both soluble and insoluble. And that’s good for heart health, blood sugar control, and bowel health. They’re relatively low in calories and contain vitamin C as well. In addition, apples have a tendency to help you feel full after eating one – a bonus if you’re trying to lose weight.
My family always looks forward to apple season. It means homemade applesauce, warm apple butter with homemade bread, fresh-cut apple slices for

########
Rank: 5
Score: 53.22158
Retrieved Text: Overview: There is nothing like picking your own apples from your own apple trees. Planting apple trees is quite easy and will provide beauty when they blossom in the spring, give you a great apple crop in the fall and provide great shade trees.
Growing apple trees is not difficult but selecting which type of apple tree you want to plant can be a challenge because there are thousands of apple varieties available, each with its own individual characteristics. Select a variety that’s right for you, taking into account your flavor of apples, size of the tree, and the climatic zone you live in. The most popular varieties are; Gala, Golden Delicious, Granny Smith apple trees, and Macintosh. Keep in mind that an apple tree will not bear fruit without another variety of apple to cross-pollinate it. Always plant at least two different varieties of apples together.
Pick the location where you want to plant your apple trees carefully. Apple trees need at least six to eight hours of sunlight a day for the best fruit production. They will grow in a wide range of soil types, but you should avoid poorly drained sites. For this reason, and others regarding frost, it is wise to select raised sites. I recommend planting dwarf apple trees because they do not occupy much space and are easier to maintain.
Plant apple trees in early to mid spring. Dig a hole to the same depth and width as the root ball. Place the tree in the planting hole; position the tree so that

########
Rank: 6
Score: 53.096645
Retrieved Text: Apples are a favorite fruit of many people around the world. Because of locations, origins or grafting, many variations of apple trees have developed over time. Apple trees can be found in both private orchards and in the wild. If you know what to look for, you can easily identify an apple tree, and the type of apple growing upon it. There are a few specific guidelines that will help in finding out if the tree in question is an apple tree, and if so, what kind you have found.
Pick the best location where apple trees might be found. A good location would be in an area where there is full sun, good drainage and lots of room. Apple trees prefer open sunny locations higher up rather than shaded or crowded valleys.
Look at the leaves and blossoms. Apple trees have coarse, oval leaves and they don't change color in the autumn. During growing season, the 1-inch-wide blossoms will have five petals colored pink and white.
Identify an apple tree by the fruit. The apple will identify the type of apple tree, but take along a catalog of apples for picture reference. Apples can also be seen at different times of the season, depending on the variety. Large, smooth apples with a pink color on one side and green on the other are pink ladies. Smooth glossy green apples are granny smith. Fuji apples are a dry pink and green stripe.
Determine the apple tree by region. Arkansas black apples only grow in Arkansas; while Baldwin apples are seen

########
Rank: 7
Score: 52.781487
Retrieved Text: I love apples and I love autumn, so it follows that I love spending a day apple picking.
For three years now we have been loyal patrons of Windy Hill Apple Farm, home to Charlie's Apples. It is an organic farm with a selection of specially chosen disease resistant trees located north of Johnstown, Ohio.
The farm name was fitting as today's weather included high wind warnings. We picked Liberty apples, some of the best apples for cooking. They were a little picked over so filling our 1/2 bushel bag took about an hour.
*Charlie himself. He is an intelligent former-engineer. He is soft spoken but wise about apple growing and happy to share his knowledge.
*The organic farming methods means I do not worry about pesticide/herbicide exposure when Lil bites into an apple fresh off the tree.
*The lack of chemicals means the farm is teaming with wildlife. We saw three birds' nests, a wide variety of insects, and evidence of deer.
*The apple products available on farm include hard cider, cider syrup, and cider vinegar. All are hand made by Charlie and his family, delicious, and include no icky ingredients. There are no candy sticks or fall decorations to inspire the 'I wants' from my daughter, only wholesome local apple goodies.
I tried some of this year's hard cider (made from last year's apples) and it is the best yet. Blended from two apple varieties, the naturally fermented hard cider is richly flavored and a true heirloom product. The Johnny Appleseed stories don't mention it often, but Johnny was really planting

########
Rank: 8
Score: 52.62078
Retrieved Text: Our best baking apple — just tart enough. The spurs on our Starkspur® trees allow fruit to form on each limb — bearing from the trunk out! Regular trees only bear fruit on outside limbs. This variety’s precocious nature earned it the nickname ‘mortgage maker’ from growers. Produces shiny red apples just 2-3 years after planting. They taste great right off the tree, but you’ll want to save plenty for the most delicious pies, crisps and cobblers you’ve ever tasted. Also makes beautiful sautéed apple slices because they hold their shape when cooked. Originates from Selah, Washington in 1970. Cold-hardy. Ripens in mid October. Self-pollinating.
Price is right, looks good and dwarf variety.
pollinator for the honney crisp and I love the flavor and it is so good for pies.
As a pollinator for a new Honeycrisp Apple Tree. I like the late harvest and that it is a baking apple.
It's my husband's favorite Apple and we can no longer find them in stores. We've been looking for 2 years.
We wanted a Self-pollinating apple tree for the front yard; we ordered the Dwarf. We have a lot of success with all of our fruit trees in the backyard... we have 14 total. Our chickens love to eat the drops and help us with insect control.
Wanted a good apple for eating and baking.
What ever you want an apple for this works; eating , cooking, juicing, with very good flavor not overly sweet.
It is a dwarf self pollinator.
It sounded like a good variety to cross pollinate with the Honeycrisp Apple variety

########
Rank: 9
Score: 52.569897
Retrieved Text: Fall :) - Jill Ruth & Co.
We went up to my in-laws on Sunday to help them celebrate a birthday and an anniversary and for everyone to help with the fall yard clean up. There was a big crew working, but I just chose a couple of pictures to share here.
But, it sure made for a nice photo op.
Then my husband was heading out to the farm to do chores so our 21 year old and I tagged along.
She doesn't get out to the farm too often so she felt the need to instagram the pigs. Can I use instagram as a verb?
My husband has been bringing apples home from the farm and we've had apple crisp, apple pie, apple sauce but mostly "apples still waiting". If you have a favorite apple recipe, please share!
The "farm girl for an hour" had to pick a couple and eat one fresh off the tree.
It was a really nice fall day!
It's so wonderful to be outdoors on a sunny autumn day. Love those apples - we have a box sitting in the garage and like you, I'm thinking of new ways to use the apples.
I love the fall days....what fun! The colors, the smell of the air(minus pigs)!!
What a beautiful day to share with your family. Being outdoors on a fall day is the best!
Sounds like a lovely time, Jill. Love the photos you chose to share. Your kids are cuties! And that apple tree pic is great!
Your pictures and adventures are really lovely Jill!
I am especially drawn to

########
Rank: 10
Score: 52.36315
Retrieved Text: Info "He'd be happier with some fruit."
Harvest Time is one of Ashley's microgames in WarioWare: D.I.Y.
The point of the game is to drop the three apples into the harvester's basket. The game starts off with the harvester moving slowly eastward. On top of the tree are three apples, two yellow and one red, each placed in random locations. The player must have good timing for this microgame. It is recommended that the player drops the apple right before the harvester is aligned with it. The player must tap the apple to drop it. If the harvester collects all three apples, the game is won. However, if one of the apples fall and splatters on the ground, the game is lost.
This page was last edited on July 18, 2018, at 10:53.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 51.898815
Retrieved Text: My mom has some apple trees on her property. Each autumn the apples fall to the ground and my mom (or me, if I can be wrangled into it) rakes them up so we can mow under the trees.
I was thinking, though, wouldn't these apples be better for birds if they are laying on the ground all delicious and eat-able? I've seen Robins eating my mom's fallen apples, but would other birds eat them as well? Would leaving them on the ground mean that I won't asked to mow?!
Birdist: My mom has three apple trees on her property. Traditionally, my family has raked up the fallen apples in autumn and put them in a pile in an out-of-the-way part of the property. I want to start thinking about other strategies in order to maximize benefit to birds. However, I also have to take into consideration more domestic considerations, like mowing. As far as I can tell, here are my options: a) continue to rake and pile fallen apples, b) let apples fall and leave them there all winter, don't mow under the trees, and c) something in between. What do you think of these options? Which will be best for birds?
Nancy Coverstone: I’m assuming the fruits are not persistent (staying on the tree, and above the snow line, into the winter.) Persistent fruit, whether apples or other kinds, are particularly beneficial for resident bird species, because the fruits are not buried under the snow and are available during winter, and are made palatable by the freezing

########
Rank: 12
Score: 51.865623
Retrieved Text: Fall is here, so it's a great time to take advantage of the fruit of the season apples! This is the perfect opportunity to create some healthy apple snacks for kids. Whether you take a family outing to the orchard to pick apples right off the tree or choose the easier route of heading to your local grocery store, this time of year, you will find an abundance of apples to choose from.
Apples make for a great, healthy snack for kids. Not only do they keep the doctor away, but at only 95 calories, they also count as one serving of fruit as part of the daily recommended intake. Apples are also a good source of fiber and vitamin C. While eating an apple alone makes a great snack, there are many fun apple snack recipes that are great for even picky eaters.
This is an easy snack to make and will appeal to the peanut butter lover.
Slice your apple into thin wedges.
Spread 1/2 tablespoon of peanut butter over a cracker.
Place one apple wedge on top of the peanut butter.
Voil , you're done. The combination tastes great, and the best part is that your children are not only getting their fruit intake, but they are also eating protein and whole grains in one snack.
This is a fun and healthier take on the popular caramel apple.
A jar of caramel sauce.
Peel and slice the apples into small cubes.
Lay cubes down on a baking sheet.
Chop whole peanuts in three-second intervals in a food processor or blender.
Warm caramel sauce in microwave

########
Rank: 13
Score: 50.932655
Retrieved Text: From planting to pruning to controlling pests to harvesting, you can learn how to grow apples in most areas of North America.
This may become a common sight once you learn how to grow apples.
Method for removing a large branch in sections from an apple tree.
There are over a thousand apple varieties, which gives you plenty to choose from. A few well-tested varieties, such as Gravenstein, Golden Delicious, Grimes, Rome Beauty, and Yellow Transparent, should be the basic stock of your orchard, but try some of the lesser-known ones as well. Apple trees tend to bring surprises, and a well-cared-for minor variety may give you the most wonderful fruit.
Apples will grow almost anywhere in the United States except in the hottest regions. They need the cool-to-cold winters during dormancy. Your local nursery will no doubt give you an indication of not only the feasibility of growing apples, but the best varieties for that area as well.
Apple trees, except for the dwarfs, which bear small crops in their second or third year, usually won't give you any apples until their fifth to sixth year. But by the tenth year they're at peak production, yielding five to ten bushels per tree per year. And they will keep bearing for thirty years or more. So order two varieties at the very least. Not just because thirty or forty bushels of one kind might become a bit boring, but because some are eating apples and some for cooking. Also cross-fertilization will increase your crop. Stock usually comes in one-, two-, or

########
Rank: 14
Score: 50.814
Retrieved Text: A special type of dwarf tree, the columnar apple tree resembles a pole of apples. These trees can be planted in containers or in garden beds and are ideal for areas too small to support full-sized trees. While columnar apple trees need less pruning than full-size or other dwarf apple trees, they do need regular thinning when the fruits sets as well as light shaping and pruning for plant health. Prune columnar apple trees in the late fall or in the early spring, when frost danger passes. Thin the tree when the fruit develops over the spring and summer months.
Clip off dead twigs, which feel brittle. Trim back unhealthy or dead growth to a healthy part of the branch. Discard all unhealthy wood in a garbage bin.
Trim back your columnar apple tree to your desired height. The trees can reach 10 feet tall, according to Apples Fruit. If you let your tree mature to its full height, you will need to stake the tree as the fruit ripens. Apples also taste better when the tree is not producing many apples.
Thin the fruit once it sets to prevent branches from breaking under the weight. Clip off fruit from crowded areas or if the branch looks too weak to support the weight of a mature apple. Thin out fruit where too many apples are growing, leaving one apple per cluster. Clip the fruit off with anvil pruners to thin it.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 50.746483
Retrieved Text: Oak Glen’s Apple Picking Season officially kicks off over Labor Day weekend and runs now through Thanksgiving weekend. The apple crop is good this year and the majority of farms officially start welcoming visitors in September.
Oak Glen’s apple orchards produce a variety of apple selections including the Vasquez and King David varieties, which are grown only in Oak Glen, as well as antique varieties no longer commercially available such as Ben Davis, Gravenstein and Pink Pearl.
Before 1940, Oak Glen mainly grew apples for export purposes. Then several farmers got together and began to sell apples, apple pies, apple cider and apple butter at roadside stands to locals passing by. Today growers earn the majority of their profit from visitors who pick apples directly off their trees in the orchards.
My family and I have visited Oak Glen on more than one occasion. One of our favorite spots in town is Riley’s Farm. Nestled in the apple growing foothills of historic Oak Glen, Riley’s Farm is a working apple orchard and living history farm featuring pick-your-own fruit, living history education, dinner theater, group banquet facilities and extended and historically-themed overnight stays.
They also offer year round educational field trips for schools and homeschool groups.
Did you know that there are three additional apple farms in Oak Glen that are owned and operated by different members of the Riley family?
Riley’s at Los Rios Rancho features apple-wood smoked BBQ dishes and a bakery with homemade pies, hand-held pies, turnovers and cookies. Picnic grounds, a petting zoo, nature trails are also on the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 50.616127
Retrieved Text: Orchards used to grow where there are subdivisions today. The odd tree survives, mute witness to a once productive landscape, abandoned now among blackberries, ivy and natural growth. We see them along our walks and collect apples from time to time. Our little trees don't yet produce enough.
With a few scavenged apples (pale green, crisp and moderately sweet) I made a Norwegian Apple Cake. The recipe comes from Mia's blog "Mias Landliv. It's a delightful place to visit, full of the beauty of Mia's garden, her charming home and her sewing and knitting projects. If you aren't a regular visitor, I'd encourage you to pop over there.
Mia served her cake with ice cream, but I had some caramel sauce left over from the pumpkin cheesecake we enjoyed over the weekend. Delicious!
Apples go so well in so many recipes. What's your favourite way to use them?
We are fortunate to have two mature apple trees of two different varieties. One is a yellow apple, a summer apple? It is a soft, pale, sweet fruit, but suffers a lot of summer damage. I'll be posting about making apple sauce this week. It is a lot of work with not much in volume, but ever so good. The other tree may be a type of Delicious. Smaller, more sour, and slower to ripen, they will make a darker sauce. I just enjoy eating a good apple right from the tree, but your recipe looks pretty delicious.
I've just been given a big basket of apples!
I looked at Mia's recipe. Do you

########
Rank: 17
Score: 50.148415
Retrieved Text: I have a honey crisp tree that bears no apples, it has blossoms in the spring but only 1-3 form fruit and most turn bad, I got one apple this year. I have sprayed with Neem in the past to no affect and this year I tried Malathion about 1/month I have attached a picture. There is a Winesap nearby with good leaves and fruit and sprayed the same.
I'm not sure I read your message correctly. You said your tree blossoms but only one in three blossoms produces fruit? Correct me if this is wrong.
Apple trees "self-thin". They will drop (or not produce) apples on blossoms if they have too heavy a load. A single cluster may produce 6 or more apples. Sometimes the tree will drop all or some of these apples. We recommend thinning each cluster to a single apple for larger and better quality apples.
As for why the apples are of poor quality, my guess is you have apple maggots, the most common apple pest. Neem is not appropriate for apple maggot. Insecticides for apple maggot must be applied every week to 10 days, or after rainfall, from July 1 to harvest.
Thank you for your reply. The tree has no more than 20 blossoms in spring, of which 1-3 grow into small fruit and I have only 1 that grew (this year, which was 7 after I bought/planted the tree). I have tried to attach the picture again and you can see the one apple. It tasted fine, just quite small.
For apple maggot

########
Rank: 18
Score: 50.11095
Retrieved Text: We’re just starting off with another great apple harvest at BC Farm Fresh. Apples are fabulous to eat right off the tree and are great in all sorts of baking and cooking recipes. Apple pies, apple sauce, apple cider – you name it, they’re all very tasty and enjoyable. They’re such a versatile fruit. We’ve sure been enjoying them here at BC Farm Fresh. There’s been a lot of taste tasting and comparing to see which one is our personal favorite. For many of us it’s all about the flavour and crunch.
Time for some apple fun facts to showcase this popular and amazing fruit. This is the first part of a three part series on apples.
1. Apples are a member of the rose family.
2. The fear of apples is known as Malusdomesticaphobia. (Try and say that five times fast!) This phobia gets its name from the scientific name of apples, which is Malus domestica.
3. The apple tree originated in an area between the Caspian and the Black Sea.
5. The Roman Goddess Pomona is the goddess of apples.
Some more fun facts on apples – this time from history!
2. Apples were the favorite fruit of ancient Greeks and Romans. In fact, in ancient Greece, tossing an apple to a girl was a traditional proposal of marriage; catching it was acceptance.
4. Newton Pippin apples were the first apples exported from America in 1768, some were sent to Benjamin Franklin in London.
5. The game of apple-bobbing began as a Celtic New Year tradition for trying to determine one’s future spouse.
From

########
Rank: 19
Score: 50.110462
Retrieved Text: Fall is wrapped up for me in a nice little package and tied with a pretty Autumn bow every time I head out to an apple orchard in the middle of nowhere. It provides one of life’s simple pleasures. The quietness of the country setting, the stroll through a canopy of trees, and plucking red, ripe fruit from each yielding branch makes me warm and fuzzy all over.
In the stillness of that setting, I can hear a faint song whispering in the wind – “Don’t Sit Under the Apple Tree with Anyone Else But Me.” Where is this sound coming from? Then it hit me. The apples are singing. I know that sounds silly, but let me clarify.
Apples used to get all the attention this time of year – it was apple fritters, caramel apples, bobbing for apples, apple pie, apple cider etc. and pumpkin was somewhere in the background. Then within the last several years, a new drama unfolded and pumpkin began to take center stage. Now don’t get me wrong, I LOVE pumpkin and have no judgments against them but they’ve kinda pushed apples off to the side. And because of it, I do have somewhat of a soft spot in my heart for them. So I’m here to give ‘em some love.
Now, you may be thinking that this is just comparing “apples to oranges” but in reality, it’s comparing “apples to pumpkins.” They both have their merits and each should be applauded for the creative expanse of recipes they have given us over

########
Rank: 20
Score: 50.101425
Retrieved Text: In kindergarten, my teacher had us sample slices of Granny Smith, Golden Delicious and Red Delicious apples and note their different qualities. Was the apple sweet, red, crunchy? I have since expanded my apple palate, but it is hard to know what you are missing when you have never tasted a variety of types. Apples are apples, right? Wrong. I used to be satisfied with Red Delicious apples. Today, Red Delicious apples taste like old sponges with tough, inedible skin.
We are incredibly lucky to have a place like Fireside Orchard so close to St. Olaf, supplying us with a variety of fresh, tasty fruit. I think apples taste better when I have to work for them, so I go apple picking every fall. There is something special about pulling fruit right from a tree and eating it in the same place where it was grown. Apple picking is a great way to kick off the fall with friends. And make sure to get some cider and homemade doughnuts while visiting the orchard!
Apples are one of my favorite fruits to cook and bake with because they’re so versatile and varied with many different flavors. Still, finicky ovens and lackluster dorm kitchens make it difficult to do any intense baking. So while I would love to say that I’m always whipping out apple pies, this is sadly not the truth.
Making your own applesauce, on the other hand, is a breeze and tastes far better than anything purchased in the store. Even if you have never touched a stove,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 50.01385
Retrieved Text: More on Kobi’s fun trip, with color photos, later this week!
It is one of our favorite things about fall…we try to go every year, but this is the first time we took Kobi.
I hope you find your pictures, I’d love to see the game you played!
We’ve taken Honey to pick cherries but she ate so many fruits (and pits) that we were afraid she’d get sick. I don’t even want to think of how many apples she’d eat if she were in Kobi’s position.
I really thought that might be an issue with Kobi, because there were so many apples on the ground, and he usually likes them. But he wasn’t interested! That did make it easier for us anyway.
LOVE the pictures. Good job Kobi!
Thanks! Kobi really enjoyed the outing, so I’m very glad we took him.
Wish we could send you some, but they probably wouldn’t be fresh and crisp by the time they got there!
It was fun. It was kind of a cloudy dreary day but we still enjoyed being out there.
What fun. Does Kobi like apples?
Normally he does, but this time he wasn’t interested. He was interested in the bag of cider donuts I bought though!
What fun Kobi! I hope you get a bite… that is if you like apples anyways.
He usually likes apples, but for some reason wasn’t interested this time.
What fun! I sure hope you got to pick some of the good apples!
We had to go deep into the orchard to find the good ones. There were a lot of not so good

########
Rank: 22
Score: 49.95641
Retrieved Text: 45 million tons of apples were grown worldwide in 2002, with a value of about 10 billion USD. China produced almost half of this total. Argentina is the second leading producer, with more than 15% of the world production. The United States is the third leading producer, accounting for 7.5% of world production. Turkey is also a leading producer. France, Italy, South Africa and Chile are among the leading apple exporters.
In the United States, more than 60% of all the apples sold commercially are grown in Washington state. Imported apples from New Zealand and other more temperate areas are competing with US production and increasing each year.
Apples can be canned, juiced, and optionally fermented to produce apple juice, cider, vinegar, and pectin. Distilled apple cider produces the spirits applejack and Calvados. Apple wine can also be made. They make a popular lunchbox fruit as well.
Apples are eaten with honey at the Jewish New Year of Rosh Hashanah to symbolise a sweet new year.
The apple is a tree and its pomaceous fruit, of the species Malus domestica in the rose family Rosaceae. It is one of the most widely cultivated tree fruits. It is a small deciduous tree reaching 5-12 m tall, with a broad, often densely twiggy crown. The leaves are alternately arranged, simple oval with an acute tip and serrated margin, slightly downy below, 5-12 cm long and 3-6 cm broad on a 2-5 cm petiole. The flowers are produced in spring with the leaves, white, usually tinged pink at first, 2.5-3.5 cm diameter, with

########
Rank: 23
Score: 49.825417
Retrieved Text: Just look at all those apples!! 2014 looks like it's going to be an absolutely bumper year for my not-so-little apple tree.
In case you were wondering why the apples on one branch look different to the apples on the branch next to them...this is a family apple tree, with three varieties grafted onto a tree. Pretty nifty, right?
My not-so-little apple tree has Katy, James Grieve, and Cox, all dessert apples. I'm going to need to spend some time with an apple identification book (I assume there is such a thing?) to figure out which is which!
My inlaws popped over yesterday and admired all our apples. They counted over 80 apples on the lower branches alone, with a huge cluster of apples on the upright branches! I think now would be a good time to start pinning apple recipes on Pinterest, and everyone should probably brace for appletastic Christmas presents!!
Wow! I would love a (not-so) little apple tree. I live in MA and we're supposed to be famous for it or something.
I'd love to pick apples from my own tree.
Wowee that is a bumper crop - lots to be noshed straight off the tree and still some leftover for apple tart sounds like the perfect harvest!
Appletastic! Can we put in recipe requests please?
I'm going chutney and strudel, merci beaucoup!
Oh god, I did strudel a few years ago for a baking challenge. It was a success but the hassle of spending half an hour pulling the pastry wafer thin on a floured sheet was just too much for

########
Rank: 24
Score: 49.757282
Retrieved Text: Like most New Englanders, I have very fond memories of apple picking with family and friends. I even remember my first time to an apple orchard! I was in kindergarten, and our class had spent the previous week making bags to put our apples in and learning about how apples grow. Since then, apple picking has always had a special place in my heart.
When I realized that PhillyBoy and I had never been apple picking together, I knew we had to remedy that right away. It helped that Heather and I were due for a visit, and there was an apple orchard exactly one hour from each of us. So last Saturday Heather, Mark, PB and I headed to the farm! Terhune Orchards is located right outside of Princeton, NJ and offers apple picking Monday-Sunday from 9 AM- 5 PM. Their Pick-Your-Own orchard is on Van Kirk Road, just a few miles away from their main area.
The orchard had several different varieties of apples, and PB and Mark helped us navigate them. I made PB try almost every kind of apple available before picking any apples, which unfortunately ensures he is appled out for the season. 7 apples in a day can do that to someone. Heather and I had the chance to catch up while collecting apples for ourselves. By now she is an old friend, and it was so nice to see her!
Around the corner at the main Terhune Farm, they offer various foods and activities for families including pumpkin painting and cider donuts,

########
Rank: 25
Score: 49.68
Retrieved Text: Eckert's has been making our famous caramel apples for years, and they are still available in our Country Store today! The reason that these caramel apples are so delicious starts with the fruit. Our Granny Smith variety of apples is the type of apples used to create this perfect dessert! Granny Smith apples are ideal for making caramel apples because they are a crisp apple and they stay firm for long periods of time. Another reason why we sue Granny Smith apples is because of their flavor! Granny Smith apples are very tart and that balances well with the rich, sweet caramel that the apple is dipped into. Having two rich full flavors balancing off one another like that creates an explosion of flavor in every bite!
To prepare our delicious caramel apples there are a few steps we must take. First, our caramel is heated in a giant double broiler, and slowly stirred to create a smooth and creamy texture. We are sure to monitor the temperature of the caramel carefully so the caramel is never over heated or burned. As we are warming the caramel up to the correct temperature we begin the process of removing the stems from the freshly picked, tree-ripened, Granny Smith apples. We remove the stems from the apples because that is where we place the wooden skewers, which is our next step in the process. (Putting the apples on a stick allows us to dip the apples easily, and for you to eat the apple easily!) After the caramel is

########
Rank: 26
Score: 49.41518
Retrieved Text: All summer long, we have had so much rain and thunderstorms. Penn Run, a small creek behind my home, once again overflowed, raising several feet for a time. When the waters had subsided, I was delighted to find delicious wild apples lining the banks–the river had carried them to me as a blessing for this wonderful Fall Equinox! It reminded me that I have been wanting to write of the apple–of her magic, of her folklore, and of her abundance=. And so today’s post explores the delicious, nutritious, and extremely magical apple tree (pyrus malus, malus spp.) and the blessings that she offers. This post continues my longer series on Sacred Trees in the Americas, where I explore the many aspects of trees native or naturalized to the Eastern and Midwest regions of the US. Previous entries have included Elder, Walnut, Eastern White Cedar, Eastern Hemlock, Sugar Maple, Hawthorn, Hickory, Sassafras, Beech, Ash, and White Pine.
Nearly everyone knows about apples, but often, the common experiences with apples are what people see in the grocery store–a select number of perfectly waxed and shiny varities–golden delicious, gala, or granny smith. These commercialized varities are only a tiny piece of the incredible apples that you can find in the wild. Another thing that I’ve heard regularly is that people believe that crab apples (and wild apples in general) are poisonous and cannot be eaten. There is nothing further from the truth–wild apples are wonderful, rich, sometimes tart, sometimes mealy, but often a surprise and delight to those who seek

########
Rank: 27
Score: 49.406788
Retrieved Text: Fall is the time to enjoy the abundance of apples. Apples are everywhere this time of year. Local markets have many varieties to offer, with local orchards selling these tasty fruits. Or perhaps you have an apple tree in your backyard or your neighbor has an apple tree, giving you fresh apples. Anyway you get them, apples are in season and taste so good this time of year. There are abundant ways to use apples; the best way is to eat them fresh or you can shred them in your pancake batter, add a little cinnamon and you have a wonderful apple pancake. Apples make great desserts too. Everyone loves apple pie – there's nothing like a slice of hot apple pie to take the chill out of the air and satisfy your taste buds.
My family has several apple trees, and we are usually very fortunate to have some extras to can and store fresh for winter. I like to can apples and use them for desserts and pies through the winter. Canning your own apples taste so much better than what you buy in the store and you know what is in them. Apples are very easy to can. I peel and slice them then cook them up on the stove with cinnamon, until fully cooked. Once they are fully cooked, I pack them in jars, using canning lids and rings from Ball or Kerr. I add the pints to the hot bath canner, and boil at a light boil for 25 minutes or quarts

########
Rank: 28
Score: 49.335342
Retrieved Text: Before the European colonists and missionaries stomped their black boots down on the New England rocks, there was not a single apple, not apple one along the North American coast, the entire continent or even the Western Hemisphere for that matter. Now, 300 years later, there are over 2,500 varieties growing from "sea to shining sea."
"As American as apple pie."
But actually, apples are not any more indigenous to America than we are.
Before the European colonists and missionaries stomped their black boots down on the New England rocks, there was not a single apple, not apple one along the North American coast, the entire continent or even the Western Hemisphere for that matter.
Now, 300 years later, there are over 2,500 varieties growing from "sea to shining sea."
Apples, perhaps the most ubiquitous fruit of all, come from an obscure and tiny mountainous country, Kazakhstan, halfway around the world. Kazakhstan is one of the "new" countries, south of Russia and north of Iran, geographically determined after the fracturing of the USSR.
So apples came here as immigrants, just like all our ancestors.
Apples migrated here in pockets, bags, packs and hands, in the bottom of barrels and in ship's holds. That's what makes them so peculiarly American. Just like us.
Many trees were meticulously and carefully planted, the seeds given to certain indigenous tribes with an agrarian interest such as the Iroquois by French missionaries. And those trees were carefully planted and groomed. Indeed, evolving into huge orchards.
Indigenous wildlife from whitetails to grouse and raccoons to turkey and bear all relish apples.
Apple

########
Rank: 29
Score: 49.10257
Retrieved Text: We weren't able to collect all of the apples off our little apple tree this fall. It was an oddity that's never happened to us before, since these are delicious apples, they're right outside our front door, and eleven munchy people live in this house! I'm still not quite sure how it happened--we certainly tried, bagging several sacks for the root cellar and everything. There were just so many up there this year!
Once the snow and cold came, we'd thought the remaining apples, clinging frozen on the tree, be a tragic loss.
chopping them up and laying their slices on the dehydrator trays.
And drying them on the trays hanging above the rocket stove.
This family has always had a thing for dried apples, but nothing compares to the sweetness and chewiness of dried apples that have been frozen first.
We brought some 'good' apples up from the cellar and dried a few, only to find they were pale and bland by comparison.
A tray of these thick, oozy, frozen slices only takes about 12 hours to dry. The trick is getting a few when they're done before they've all been snatched up!

================



======= Instance Index 1 =========
Input Text: A John is a bum.  Much like the stereotype, he lives near this sort of transportation infrastructure. Where does he live?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- bus depot
- beach
- train station
- bridge
- bridge

Target Text: bridge

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 30.828798
Retrieved Text: King/Prince Arthur (from BBC's Merlin) is a member of royalty- and is therefore upper class. He conforms to the stereotype as he wears expensive looking clothes, he acts arrogantly at times in the first couple of series, he has enormous power, he is noble in his actions, he is brave, has good manners, he is good at fighting (which would have been expected in this period of time for Kings/Princes) he lives in a castle and has a servant.
However, he breaks the stereotype as he is caring, honest, selfless at times, kind to his people and understanding of them.
Violet Crawley, Dowager Countess of Grantham (Downton Abbey) was born into the aristocracy as her father was a baronet. She also married into a wealthy family. She wears extremely expensive looking clothes and materials which is stereotypical of someone of the upper class. She is quite ignorant and intolerant of other people's lives, she is traditional in her beliefs, she is rude, she is obsessed with money, and she is selfish. All of these conform to the negative version of the stereotype of the upper classes.
I chose this clip to illustrate how the Dowager Countess is so ignorant and oblivious to what goes on around her and how she has never worked a day in her life, so everyday is a free day to her, and she therefore doesn't know what a weekend is. This makes her look foolish compared to the others sat on the table that are possibly more down to earth than she is.
John Watson

########
Rank: 1
Score: 30.137505
Retrieved Text: U.S. Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx recently announced a $209 million Transportation Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act (TIFIA) loan to help finance the Portsmouth Bypass in Scioto County, Ohio.
The Portsmouth Bypass, expected to cost $430 million, will be built by Ohio’s first public-private partnership (PPP) and will be the state’s largest single construction project.
Foxx said the project falls under the administration’s Build America Investment Initiative. USDOT is working to expand opportunities for partnership between the public and private sectors, including through the establishment of a new Build America Transportation Investment Center as a one-stop shop to support potential PPP projects.
"This is an important project that will not only improve highway safety, but represents an important partnership between the public and private sector to advance our overall investment in this nation's infrastructure." Secretary Foxx said. "The Portsmouth Bypass will benefit the entire community by reducing the number of trucks in the city and opening up the area for economic development."
The Portsmouth Bypass is the type of project that seeks to address current traffic challenges that will only grow over time. Secretary Foxx identified some of those future challenges in Beyond Traffic, a recent report released by USDOT. Beyond Traffic examines the trends and choices facing America's transportation infrastructure over the next three decades, including a rapidly growing population, increasing freight volume, demographic shifts in rural and urban areas, and a transportation system that's facing more frequent extreme weather events. Increased gridlock nationwide can be expected unless changes are made in the near-term.
The project is a 16-mile, limited access,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 28.461298
Retrieved Text: BikeSafe: Is Vision Zero the future of roadway safety?
Vision Zero: Future of Roadway Safety?
As a cycling advocate, I often try to convince people to add more cycling to their life. People like the idea. Riding is pleasant and fun. However, a sense of discomfort and danger often prevents people from following through. People feel that cyclists face a danger of ending up in a catastrophic collision. To many, this is just the risk of riding a bicycle.
We don’t have to accept this vision. In 1997, the Swedish Parliament introduced legislation aiming to eliminate serious injury and death on their roadways altogether. In this Vision Zero legislation, changing hazardous road design serves as a first step to avoid collisions. Following this, the aim is to limit the severity of any collision that does occur. The implementation of Vision Zero lowers speed limits in areas with unprotected road users to around 20 mph. At this speed, a collision is less likely to cause serious injury. While Vision Zero legislation has not reached some of the benchmarks on its allotted timeline, it has drastically improved the safety on Swedish streets.
Such a philosophical and legislative shift demands re-examining the role of the street planner. Following the Vision Zero philosophy, an accident may be the fault of an individual but any serious injury is the fault of the infrastructure where it occurred, e.g.: “Perhaps the road where the accident occurred should have had speed bumps or a protected bike lane.” Either way, the Swedish implementation argues that planners are the ones

########
Rank: 3
Score: 28.44181
Retrieved Text: The stereotypical male is a common figure in television and Internet-based advertisements. Men grunt, watch sports, party and seem to have a testosterone-fueled take on life, especially in ads that focus on primarily male-oriented products like beer and aftershave. The overriding sentiment in modern marketing is that men want products that affirm a sort of over-the-top masculinity.
However, according to new research from the University of Illinois, these stereotypical advertisements might actually have a negative effect on their target audiences.
A group of researchers released the study in “Gender, Culture, and Consumer Behavior,” a book published this year by Routledge Academic. The researchers found that men were often offended by stereotypical advertisements. Some men decided to categorically avoid certain brands because they didn’t want to be like the men in the brands’ advertisements.
This means focusing less on macho stereotypes such as beer-swilling sports fans and crafting smarter ads that cater to the real roles that men play in their daily lives. Advertisements that show fathers, husbands or students, for instance, might have more of an impact with men who fill those roles. Showing men in realistic situations might have more of an impact that focusing on outlying gender stereotypes, and these types of depictions will certainly offend fewer viewers.
The researchers also noted that they had a non-stereotypical male figures in large advertising campaigns. If marketers and advertisers want to take advantage of the research by creating less stereotypical spots, they will not run up against much competition.
More specifically, that study is Chapter 4 in the book, starting on

########
Rank: 4
Score: 28.436293
Retrieved Text: I call this an obnoxious affectation, because there is this blissful stereotype of California as an economic nirvana and the Midwest as some sort of deindustrialized death trap. Unsurprisingly, that stereotype panned out given where the Comeback Cities Tour actually visited: Youngstown, Akron, Detroit, Flint, and South Bend, Indiana. This isn’t a tour of the Midwest so much as poverty tourism.
VCs don’t need to wait in the Centurion Lounge at SFO in order to catch a glimpse at crushing poverty — all they have to do is look in front of their homes in San Francisco to see the homelessness and deprivation, or maybe travel just a few minutes east to cities like Stockton, Vallejo, and Richmond, which are teetering on bankruptcy (or in the case of Stockton, has actually gone bankrupt).
The Midwest certainly has deindustrialized, and some of the most troubled cities in the country are located there. However, the Midwest is also home to some of the most robust economies as well. Take one choice statistic — the unemployment rate — and look at the Midwest. One thing that becomes obvious is that the Midwest is heavily represented in the cities with the lowest unemployment rate — Ames, Iowa is leading the entire country with a rate of 1.5%, compared to 3.9% nationwide. Madison, Wisconsin comes in at fifth with 1.9%, and other cities show comparable performance.
The Comeback Cities tour could have focused on the success stories — the cities that are actually building thriving innovation economies. It could have stopped in places like

########
Rank: 5
Score: 28.32732
Retrieved Text: When we think of the problems that stereotypes cause, we typically focus on negative characteristics associated with groups. Over the years, I have been part of conversations where someone uses the term “Jew” to refer to someone who is being cheap. I leave those interactions frustrated and angry.
Presumably, though, there are positive stereotypes as well. In the United States, there are cultural stereotypes that Asians are good at math and that Women are nurturing. If hearing a negative stereotype about your group gets you upset, does hearing a positive stereotype have the opposite effect?
This question was explored in a series of studies by John Oliver Siy and Sapna Cheryan in the January, 2013 issue of the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology.
In one study, Asian Americans were brought to the lab where they engaged in a task along with a White participant (who was actually one of the experimenters posing as a participant). In the experiment, each participant was going to fill out a packet. One packet had math problems in it, while the other had verbal problems in it. After a rigged coin flip to make the selection process appear random, the White participant was chosen to select who would fill out each packet.
After completing the packets, participants rated how much they liked their partner and they filled out some other scales including a measure of how much they felt like their partner depersonalized them by reducing them to a member of their racial group.
Positive stereotypes did not make people feel good. When the White

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.235102
Retrieved Text: It's almost as pathetic as getting on a forum and posting hundreds of threads a month whining incessantly about the same thing.
Jim Mattis said Trump is like a fifth or sixth grader. Not quite ready for Junior high,apparently.
Yes, he certainly does tweet like the stereotype of a weak, whiny, teen-age girl.
Even his supporters wish he would stop.
The current POTUS sitting on a gold toilet whining about how people are mean to him.
LOL. Given that this is the leader of the free world - freely communicating his weakness to the rest of of the world - I would say it is much, much, more pathetic.
John Kerry, is that you?...still demeaning “insecure teenage girls”. I know you’re a sexist, but young ladies don’t need you repeatedly stereotyping them as inferior to boys.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.088057
Retrieved Text: What's with God and numbers?
Best game of footy ever!
The Footy Show at the Pond!
Long story why, but does anybody have, or know where I could get, of those full old school diving suits, with the metal helmet and everything, that I could loan? Or know where I could find shorts with a fake bum on them?
John Sharpe...not sure if he has one, but he does heaps of diving so might know someone with one? Just an idea...wouldnt go there though unless your desparate.
You can the shorts with a fake bum on it from the shop "What's New"
I know there's a few shops down my way, but not too sure about somie/tyabb. Perhaps franga will have one?
Haha you're awesome and funny, awesunny! yep you're awesunny!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 28.01191
Retrieved Text: President Donald Trump's State of the Union address on Tuesday contained even fewer specifics on his plans for infrastructure than in previous appearances, an inauspicious start to a year that infrastructure boosters had hoped would reboot efforts at a major cash injection for roads and rails.
Though lawmakers from both parties agree broadly that more infrastructure investment is desirable, Congress has been anything but eager to pass Trump's previous infrastructure proposals.
And absent a new proposal from the White House or serious political capital spent by Trump and his lieutenants to push something forward, the lack of detail in his speech does not bode well for any infrastructure package. Rep. Peter DeFazio (D-Ore.), the new House Transportation Committee chairman, seems eager to fill the gap. But in the past he has supported increasing the gasoline tax, and whether his own party, much less Trump, will support the proposal he's putting together remains to be seen.
In his first address to Congress in 2017, Trump called on lawmakers “to approve legislation that produces a $1 trillion investment in infrastructure of the United States — financed through both public and private capital” guided with a focus on American goods and labor.
But the White House didn’t follow up with a vision document until May, and a fuller treatment never emerged in 2017, with administration officials and lawmakers continuing to hype the upcoming plan even as it got pushed back repeatedly.
Last year, he used the State of the Union speech to ask Congress “to produce a bill that generates at least $1.5 trillion

########
Rank: 9
Score: 27.920597
Retrieved Text: One morning I followed Papa to Damansara Jaya to kick somebody's bum bum.
After kicking bum bum, hungry lor.
Surprised the noodle comes with so much ingredient.
I had better ngap faster else he is going to eat mine too.
They are very generous with the ingredient indeed.
Thanks small kucing mama for dropping my blog and leave many comments, xie xie ni!
does he ate those veggies??
Sooooo nice!!! I would love that for breakfast...or lunch. Got hotel next door or not?
errr..tak perasan wor...dont have gua.
love it with lots of fish balls..
those fish balls look yummy!
Aiyoh. Ini kucing makan, makan, makan.
aiyoh, this teochew fishball noodles looks good leh!! so many balls given..
but i don't like all the vege on top leh.. those are "yim sai" or "tong hou" ah?? yucks!! don't like, i like it with "yao mak"..
hehehe, wait.. i don't hate the seaweed, i love it instead.. i think it goes very well with the fishball soup lah..
but how come mamarazzi never give any comment nice or not nice for this fishball noodles one?? must be nothing special lor if like that..
Mamarazzi tarak comment coz she never eat mah. not hungry at that time.
wah so happy the kucing now become karate kid ..
looks good .. nowadays all those fish ball are so soft and springy taste..
hmm wonder what they add into it?
noty goodboy. no eat .
Oh, teowchew fishball noodle soup~~ Me likey because me like fishballs. I don't like meatballs, prefer the bouncing fishball, always!
I don't want any vege on my soup except spring onions.
so many liew in your bowl of

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.891958
Retrieved Text: John served as the mayor of the city of Tallahassee from 2003 until 2014. During his tenure, he was a member of the Florida League of Cities and the Florida League of Mayors, serving terms as president of both statewide organizations. He also served as Chairman of the U.S. Conference of Mayors Transportation and Communications Committee and served eight years on the Florida Public Service Commission and as Chairman for two years.
He was honored by the American Public Power Association (APPA) with the prestigious E. F. Scattergood System Achievement Award for Tallahassee becoming a leading authority on smart grid innovation and its effectiveness of the City’s Energy Smart Plus (e+) initiatives.
John is the Chair of the Master’s in Information Technology program at Florida State University’s College of Information, currently ranked 12th in the nation. He developed and implemented a hybrid JD/MSIT degree program at Florida State. His career has focused on the social implications of broadband Internet and new media technologies.
Additionally, he is an active participant in Tallahassee's burgeoning technology and startup scene. He serves as a professional advisor and mentor for local hackathons such as Digitech and HackFSU, and provides technical assistance and education to underexposed citizens as Director of the Jane and John Marks Foundation.
The next generation of wireless, known as 5G, will bridge all aspects of our daily lives through a connected world. 5G will provide consumers, government, and business with greater economic opportunity across virtually every sector imaginable.
A report by Accenture details how 5G will enable communities across the country to offer

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.801287
Retrieved Text: Trace Dominguez is an award-winning science communicator. He is the producer, writer, and host of Seeker’s YouTube channel, where he’s created over 1,000 videos on topics ranging from quantum mechanics to agriculture, from psychology to materials engineering. His passion and excitement for science is palpable, and he’s been featured on shows across television and the internet; always with a smile.
We've known for a while that ancient humans got busy with Neanderthals, but how exactly did that Neanderthal DNA affect modern humans?
We all stereotype immediately and unconsciously all the time but what exactly is happening in the brain? Why do we stereotype at all?
Between 2000 and 2013, 26 explosions the size of nuclear bombs were caused by asteroids. That's 3 to 10 times more common than we thought.
Having joint hypermobility might be a fun party trick, but do you know what it does to your body?
People are actively looking for plastic alternatives that are better for the environment but what would a plastic-free world look like?
Are Elite Athletes Born Superior to You?
Nature vs nurture seems to play a role in every aspect of our lives and that is true even for physical abilities associated with sports!
Pink for boys and blue for girls right? No? What are societal gender roles anyway and are they good or bad to keep in our everyday lives?
What Happens If We Give AI the Ability to Remember Everything?
Hint: It gets much better at video games.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.444235
Retrieved Text: Hellooo Detroiters, PPP'ers and those of you who want every airline to be like WestJet and give each passenger the holiday gift they asked for when they boarded!
One guy asked for a 50' inch flat screen TV, and got his wish!
Unfortunately, if you think about how these projects (streetcar, bike lines, light rail etc) are organized, the transportation and transit infrastructure alternatives are described and analyzed separately. The lead consultant is almost always an engineering or transportation infrastructure firm, and they are not placemakers. Hell, they are mostly not planners either. The smarter engineering firms add a planning firm to their team and then stick them in a corner to plan, sort of like that salad dressing that comes in a separate pouch with your salad.
What's worse is that planning is not placemaking. You can get the "urban design" right but if the placemaking is wrong, you're still toast. There are a whole lot of well-designed places that are sterile or go unused. Did they get the programming right? Does the place work for the user, and not just the person who looks at it?
However, the siloed nature of the planning team member in transportation projects hides a larger problem. The hidden larger problem is that the interdisciplinary, place-based, market-appropriate and people-centric process known as placemaking -- see my own definition of placemaking here -- is usually not discussed at all. The economic development ramifications of transportation choices are often ignored as well.
I'm over here thinking about placemaking and economic development. I wonder what the transportation

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.383911
Retrieved Text: While a number of states have deployed public-private partnerships (P3s) to tackle infrastructure projects over the last decade, many believe the P3 industry in this country still has yet to take off in the way it has elsewhere in the world. That’s despite demonstrated success of P3s in traditional areas like managed lane projects and promising developments in a variety of new asset classes including airports, broadband projects and high-tech applications. And while the Trump administration looks to encourage more P3s and institutionalize their practices in federal programs, there are many factors that could limit growth in the industry and prevent any kind of a much-needed infrastructure push from ever getting off the ground in the years ahead.
Those were just some of the takeaways from the Inframation Group’s U.S. P3 Infrastructure Forum 2018 held June 13-14 in New York City. The annual event brings together state and federal public officials and regional transportation authorities, along with infrastructure developers, investors and financiers to talk about the issues shaping the P3 industry’s future.
But Berke said there have been promising signs of late, including P3s to tackle rural broadband and smart city projects, water infrastructure and renewable energy projects, and autonomous vehicle programs. Airport projects have also started to gain momentum, he said. On June 8, the city of Los Angeles reached financial close on a $4.9 billion agreement to build an automated people mover at Los Angeles International Airport. A consolidated rental car facility project at the airport is also getting the P3 treatment. P3 projects at JFK

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.341408
Retrieved Text: Will infrastructure concerns impact November elections? - Strategic Partnerships, Inc.
Will infrastructure concerns impact November elections?
With midterm elections only a month away, the media is talking non-stop about who will win, what party will prevail and how voters feel about volatile issues. Most commentators and reporters are focused on House and Senate races… but it is likely that gubernatorial campaigns will determine whether infrastructure reform moves forward.
States like Georgia, Colorado and Florida have long been considered leaders in the use of alternative funding and collaborative initiatives to address infrastructure reform. Voters in these and other states will be major players in determining the future of infrastructure reform.
Six months after Trump’s infrastructure plan was released, little has been accomplished. Because of the negative results of continuing to neglect infrastructure needs in America, this is an important campaign issue and voters should know where candidates stand.
For some P3 states such as New York, where current Gov. Andrew Cuomo (D) holds a 22-point lead over his opponent, nothing is likely to change. But, in states where races are tight, a candidate’s position on infrastructure should be critically important to voters.
In 2015, Georgia enacted legislation enabling public-private partnerships (P3s). That opened the door for all types of infrastructure projects that were funded with private-sector revenue. Now, the state is currently ranked as the #2 leader for infrastructure and global development. It received a B+ rating in aviation, a C- for bridges and a C- for roads on the American Society of Civil Engineer’s (ASCE) infrastructure report card. If those ratings don’t

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.262842
Retrieved Text: Thank you Bum Gun Company. I love my bum gun and I don’t know how our family coped with disgusting toilet tissue for so long!! It was so much easier parenting with my young daughter thanks to this bidet sprayer. All parents have got to install the bum gun in their bathrooms, which is so easy. The thing I loved was that the installation was so quick and easy. Perhaps you should think of starting an Affiliate Program, because this is the kind of product which will just blow up once people realise how awesome it is. Anyone interested in making some spare cash would benefit and so would your company. Just an idea.
Never thought I’d love a bum gun…!
Can’t imagine I’m writing a review of this item, but I think it’s a very undervalued item everyone should be aware of! Lived in China the last 6 years where they still use good ol’ fashion toilet paper and when I moved to Thailand it was where I first saw those Bum guns. As we say in Holland, “what the farmer doesn’t know, he doesn’t eat”, so haven’t used them in the first few months until my toilet got stuck LOL.
We have in our establishment 5 Bum Guns and we and our customers love them. We have 3 in the guest toilets and they are used daily by dozens of customers, one in the kitchen and one in the bar. They save our time, and very useful with many jobs. Money well spent as they make our

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.139708
Retrieved Text: Summary: A very enjoyable and well-made film.
Liverpool, 1955, where a teenage boy called John (Johnson) is being raised by his aunt Mimi (Scott Thomas) and uncle George (David Threfall). Mimi is loving in a terribly English, aspirational and repressed sort of way; George is a bit more of a companion for the lively, intelligent boy. So when George dies of a heart attack, John is devastated (Mimi’s response to his tears: ‘Don’t be silly’). At George’s funeral John notices a red-haired woman in a dark coat; his cousin Stan offers to show him where his mother lives. John agrees; shocked to discover that her house is less than a mile from his aunt’s, he is also delighted to meet Julia (Duff).
Where Mimi is strict and demanding, Julia is fluffy and fun. Her bright hair matches her clothes and she overflows with love and affection for John. Their relationship is like a secret love affair, thrilling clandestine meetings between two lovers, with Mimi the neglected wife sitting at home chain smoking. Julia introduces John to rock and roll and, crucially, teaches him to play the banjo. Mimi, unaware, buys him his first guitar and John puts a band together; when his marks at school fail to improve and he is suspended, he announces he’s moving in with Julia. Bobby (Morrissey) is less than welcoming and later that night John overhears a tense conversation between Julia and Bobby; he realises that she is more fragile than he looks and moves back to Mimi’s the next day.
Anyone expecting video

########
Rank: 17
Score: 26.9914
Retrieved Text: Democrats want to give the rail service more money, and Republicans are demanding more accountability.
In the wake of a horrific train derailment, everyone in Congress agrees that Amtrak—particularly in the now-paralyzed Northeast Corridor—is ailing. But the two parties are offering very different prescriptions to fix it.
Regardless of the ultimate cause of Tuesday's deadly accident in Philadelphia—the National Transportation Safety Board said the train was going 106 mph in an area where the speed limit was 50 mph—Democrats want more money for Amtrak to shore up the rail line, and Republicans want more accountability.
"The problem is you give Amtrak the money and they blow the improvements or squander it," said Republican Rep. John Mica on Wednesday. "Congress does not trust Amtrak. They've given them the money before."
Democrats, for their part, have for years complained that Amtrak is underfunded. The lack of money for Amtrak explains the deterioration of the track along the Northeast Corridor and the long-overdue bridge and tunnel projects that could help prevent bottlenecks along the line.
"I would say that that program is already somewhat inefficient since Amtrak has a $21 billion state-of-good-repair backlog," Rep. Peter DeFazio, the ranking Democrat on the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, said at a hearing Wednesday. "It's deteriorating every year, and at the current level of investment, if the appropriators don't cut it, it'll take about 25 or 30 years to get it up to a state of good repair."
That's not to say that Democrats wouldn't welcome more transparency from Amtrak's account books, but they would like that oversight

########
Rank: 18
Score: 26.98736
Retrieved Text: There is a shortage of long-distance truck drivers because of traffic jams. It is like this: Truck drivers are paid by the mile and if they are stuck in traffic for hours, they are not earning.
A different wage structure could be conceived and implemented. That would partly shift the traffic jam cost from the drivers to the owners, or to the consumers.
But trucking charges are calculated on distance and weight, so changes could be difficult, even near-impossible. What if the price of vegetables fluctuated like airline fares? It would mean chaos for the whole transportation chain. The solution, of course, is the infrastructure. Fix it.
That is what President Trump has promised to do in 2018. Chances are that in an election year something will be done, but not much.
Trump may have gotten the legislative order of his first and second years in office wrong: It may have been better to do infrastructure reform before trying to repeal Obamacare and overhauling taxes.
It is easy to talk about fixing the nation’s infrastructure and very difficult to do. Every project, every dollar is fraught with special interests.
At the core of the thinking of Trump and the GOP is that infrastructure revitalization can be achieved with public-private partnerships. Sounds good: the costs are shared and the federal budget is eased. In reality, of the huge number of infrastructure needs, very few are amenable to public-private partnership. Outside of toll roads, not all that much is immediately receptive to such partnerships, and they can take years to negotiate.
The quickest fix for

########
Rank: 19
Score: 26.981997
Retrieved Text: Transportation Security Administration chief, John Pistole, declined to testify before Congress&apos; Transportation and Infrastructure subcommittee on aviation — reported CNN.
Pistole had been requested to address the impact of the TSA&apos;s policies on passengers and the airline industry. But he claims the panel has no jurisdiction over TSA matters. "No representative from TSA will be present," Pistole said in a statement.
The Transportation Committee, chaired by Florida Republican John Mica, has been critic of the TSA due to its inefficiency — which translates into long lines, poor logistics and complaints about privacy issues.
And now, Pistole&apos;s refusal to appear before Congress ads insult to injury; especially since the committee insists it does have legislative jurisdiction when it comes to the airline industry. The official body also says it has jurisdiction over passengers, and that these actually finance TSA operations (through security fees).
Justin Harclerode, a spokesman for the committee says, "TSA is missing the point." "While this committee does not have direct legislative jurisdiction over TSA, that agency, as with any other agency, has a responsibility to provide congressionally requested testimony or information," he added.
Meanwhile, Pistole said TSA would continue to work with "committees of jurisdiction" on agency matters. He added that TSA witnesses have already testified at 38 hearings and provided 425 briefings for lawmakers during this session of Congress.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.929276
Retrieved Text: Author John Fleck answers "How Much Water Does Arizona Need?" during ASU talk.
Trouble is, there are two problems with the adage. It hasn’t been true in more than a century, and Twain never said it.
Busting myths about water was the subject of a talk given Tuesday morning at Arizona State University by author and journalist John Fleck, director of the water resources program at the University of New Mexico.
The lecture was titled “How Much Water Does Arizona Need?” It’s part of an ongoing conversation at ASU, where researchers from a range of disciplines study every facet of the faucet, from science and conservation to law and policy.
While the aphorism refers to the massive 20th-century infrastructure projects like Hoover Dam and the Central Arizona Project canal, it also references the myth that rich communities take water from poor communities.
The opposite is true, Fleck said. He compared Las Vegas to California’s Imperial Valley.
“You can see these buildings around the Bellagio (fountain) and they represent about $6 billion” in revenue and income, he said.
Locally, that example extends between the lettuce farmers of Yuma County and metro Phoenix in central Arizona. “In general, the notion that the rich communities will take water from poor communities is not true,” Fleck said.
Myths such as those make it difficult to establish collaborative relationships, Fleck said.
“Overcoming those myths becomes an important piece for water management to move forward in the Colorado River Basin,” he said.
Decoupling gives water managers the opportunity to create more collaborative decision making, Fleck said. Technology like low-flow faucets, showerheads and

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.891188
Retrieved Text: It was just one vote, but Republican Sen. Howard Marklein’s decision to side with Democrats Thursday on how to fund transportation in Wisconsin shows the issue has gained political traction, and may foreshadow campaign debates this fall.
Marklein’s vote against his Republican colleagues came at a heated meeting of the state’s budget-writing committee. Lawmakers convened to determine how to allocate $60 million in unanticipated federal transportation money paid to each state this month.
Lawmakers also spent several hours arguing over which parts of the state’s highway system should take priority, along with the meaning of a new nonpartisan Legislative Fiscal Bureau memo released ahead of the meeting. The memo affirmed that despite one-time boosts in funding from federal grants, the state’s highways roads will continue to deteriorate.
Legislative Republicans ultimately approved a plan, 10-5, to funnel the bulk of the federal funds to the southeastern part of the state to finish Interstate-94. The I-94 project is a crucial piece of infrastructure needed to accommodate the Foxconn plant being built in Racine County.
Under the plan, money will also fix deteriorating bridges. That program, until this biennium, has seen decreasing or stagnant funding since 2007-2009, according to the LFB.
Democrats on the committee wanted more federal money spent on fixing state-owned highways in rural regions and a prohibition on the state spending federal money on roads previously controlled by municipalities.
They lambasted Republicans for their record on road funding, accusing Gov. Scott Walker of not making it a priority.
Some Republicans on the committee disagreed, saying that no projects have been delayed because of

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.845467
Retrieved Text: With the 2018 midterm elections meaning Washington will return to divided government next year, leaders in both parties will be looking to position themselves for the 2020 election, which is not as far away as it may seem. In some cases that will mean making clear the differences between the two parties. However, Republican and Democratic leaders on Capitol Hill and President Trump will also be looking for opportunities to demonstrate that they can do the work of governing. While many issues are going to be a battle for the next two years, transportation and infrastructure are areas where there are opportunities for bipartisanship.
At long last – An infrastructure package?
It is now almost expected that at the start of every Congress there is talk of Republicans and Democrats coming together to address the nation’s crumbling infrastructure. Plans have been put forth, speeches given, press releases issued, but to date none have resulted in passage of an infrastructure package. But this time it could be different. Aside from the obvious need for action on infrastructure, there are political realities that point toward the possibility of something getting done in the 116th Congress. First, much of the groundwork has been laid with House and Senate Democrats and the Trump Administration putting forth infrastructure proposals in the 115th Congress. While those plans should be viewed as wish lists, they do give an indication of where congressional and executive branch priorities lie. Secondly, infrastructure is an issue which, in principle, has bipartisan support and could serve to demonstrate the ability

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.833055
Retrieved Text: Taking the High Road in DC?
Since then, Texas Republicans Sen. Ted Cruz and Rep. Bill Flores, who also voted against Sandy aid, have been pilloried as hypocrites for seeking federal assistance after last month’s Texas fertilizer plant explosion.
That disaster relief legislation, which passed historically quickly and without partisan rancor, could become so contentious may be symptomatic of our increasingly zero-sum political funding environment. For much of the transportation industry, which is traditionally dependent on public sector funding, we ignore these changes at our peril.
The two political parties, with all their arguing about taxes and budgets, are consuming Washington. The Democrats advocate investing in our future, while Republicans want to avoid a future that looks like Greece.
Meanwhile, we’re missing a larger irony. In the 2008 presidential election, 21 states voted for John McCain, who articulated policies of lower taxes and smaller government; 20 of those states, however, received more from the federal government than they paid. Conversely, 16 of 17 states that paid more than they received voted for President Obama. Perhaps Rep. King needs to remind his Republican brethren about the need for their states to live within their means.
Such a strict state balancing act flies in the face of what a national government is supposed to do. Transportation funding has no such problem. According to the Government Accountability Office, every state received more federal highway funding than they contributed in the 2005-09 period. This was possible because the funding mechanism is broken. Congress authorized more funding than was collected, and the Highway Trust Fund received

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.79427
Retrieved Text: Earlier this week, the Obama administration issued the first in a series of three performance management measures designed to improve the nation’s transportation infrastructure system as required under the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (MAP-21). The new rule governs how states should evaluate their existing transportation assets, and requires that states generate asset management plans that account for the impacts of climate change as a condition of receiving federal highway money.
“This new rule highlights a growing recognition from federal decision makers that we must begin taking climate concerns more seriously in our transportation planning process,” said John Olivieri, National Campaign Director for 21st Century Transportation at the United States Public Interest Research Group (U.S. PIRG). “Climate change and resulting severe weather events degrade our roads and bridges, increasing maintenance and repair costs while jeopardizing safety. It’s long past time states started formally considering how climate change will impact our existing infrastructure,” he added.
The new rule comes as the Obama Administration is weighing whether to move forward with a proposal that would require localities to track, measure, and take steps to reduce carbon emissions as part of their long-term transportation plans. The Department of Transportation has floated the idea of including such a measure in a forthcoming rule on Congestion Mitigation and Air Quality Improvement, likely due out near the end of the year. The U.S. Department of Transportation received calls to move forward with the proposal from more than 80,000 individuals, 66 mayors, 9 state DOTs, and other city transportation officials during

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.706911
Retrieved Text: Thanks to the HogsHead Blog, I stumbled on this wonderful post by Jenna St. Hillaire reviewing a piece by former BYU Magazine Literary Reviewer Richard H. Cracoff titled No Good Place to Stop. Both pieces are well worth your time in full. I would like to comment on three points that are made across the pieces.
Books enable us to see outcomes where we presently see only possibilities; solutions where we presently see only dilemmas; direction where we presently see only impasse.
I think the way we teach law leads to the conclusion that the law is imagination-limited. Lawyers out there, let’s be honest — we train you to stop using your imagination early on, from the way we teach you to write, to the procedural role that precedent plays to the procedural process of separating facts from law. I think its quite obvious to say, there is just not a lot of room for imagination to flourish. Imagining outcomes where there were only possibilities requires the capacity to see the world as it is, and then turn it just a hair to alter the perspective a bit. Literature’s capacity to highlight this imaginary problem solving capacity is something that the law curriculum needs more of. This is one reason why students love the course — it asks them to do what is instinctual — to imagine a different possibility.
Books help us to process, order, and understand our personal experience and gain perspectives on others’ lives.
I have written other places that the law school process is as much

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.6716
Retrieved Text: The Opening Night Film of Slamdance this year is portrait of the late great Warren Miller who not only changed sports filmmaking but was responsible for the rise in skiing across America.
Using the last interview Miller gave before his death last year as the backbone, SKI BUM is the life of Miller from start to finish. Along the way we witness his discovery of skiing as well as his fascination with making ski films- which he schlepped across the country on barnstorming tours every winter. It is filled with interviews with friends, family and admirers who add details and explain how Miller changed the world.
For much of SKI BUM the film is like hanging out with a good old friend who is telling you great stories about the good old days. It is great tales about a great guy telling stories about the things he loves.
Unfortunately there is a point about half way in where there are sections where things really aren't as interesting as what went before. Some of it seems repetitious and some of the talk about Miller's film business or differences in the way the films are made today isn't as interesting as what had gone before. Its not fatal but it does kind of take a little bit of the sheen off the film.
Regardless this film is a must especially if you are a fan of Miller's films or if you've never seen them.
Almost certain to have both a long festival life and long commercial run SKI BUM: THE WARREN MILLER STORY

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.662786
Retrieved Text: Tom is a Senior Managing Director of EY Infrastructure Advisors, LLC (EYIA), an affiliate of Ernst & Young LLP.
Tom has 20 years of experience in US infrastructure finance and is a recognized authority on the growing US public-private partnership market. Tom joined EYIA in the fall of 2013 from Goldman Sachs’ Public Sector & Infrastructure Banking group, where he was co-head of the national transportation and project finance practice. Tom has led transaction teams from inception through execution of debt and advisory assignments, developing rating agency, deal structure and investor marketing strategies for over $20 billion in infrastructure projects and currently serves as Principal-in-charge for a variety of transportation, higher education and flood control project advisory assignments nationwide. Tom Rousakis received his BA from Harvard College and his MPP from Harvard’s John F. Kennedy School of Government.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.639647
Retrieved Text: Robert Puentes is a senior fellow with the Brookings Institution’s Metropolitan Policy Program where he also directs the Program's Metropolitan Infrastructure Initiative. The Initiative was established to address the pressing infrastructure challenges facing cities and suburbs in the U.S. and abroad. Puentes' work focuses on the broad array of policies and issues related to metropolitan growth and development including transportation and infrastructure, urban planning, growth management, suburban issues, and smart cities.
Prior to joining Brookings, Puentes was the director of infrastructure programs at the Intelligent Transportation Society of America. He holds a master’s degree from the University of Virginia where he served on the Alumni Advisory Board, and is an affiliated professor with Georgetown University's Public Policy Institute. Puentes serves on a variety of boards and committees including, most recently, New York State's 2100 Infrastructure Commission, the District of Columbia's Streetcar Financing and Governance Task Force, the Northern Virginia Transportation Authority's Technical Advisory Committee, the Tysons Corner Tomorrow Advisory Task Force, and the Planning Commission in Falls Church, Virginia, where he lives with his wife and three sons.
With more than 16 years of extensive experience in tolling, all-electronic tolling, transportation finance, congestion pricing and priced managed lanes, Matthew Click is one of the industry’s most recognized specialists in priced managed lanes, corridors and networks. He travels across the nation advising state DOTs and other transportation agencies about planning, financing and implementing priced managed programs in congested urban areas.
He has worked on priced managed lanes projects in Florida, Texas, Georgia, Minnesota, Washington and across the country. Click has

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.52578
Retrieved Text: The gorgeous pony shown above arrived in my mailbox today courtesy of Pony Pal™ John of By the Bayou fame. It now poses hautily atop my computer, and maybe that won't sound like that big of a deal to you, but consider this... it displaced a Hot Wheels Wienermobile.
Does she have a scratch and sniff bum? I seem to remember some of them did.
that's one pony who knows s/he has it goin on. if i'm not mistaken that's a matching brush. no wonder s/he is so good lookin!

================



======= Instance Index 2 =========
Input Text: A bad person places little value on being honest, acting without pretense or being what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- excellent
- upright
- premium
- competent
- sincere

Target Text: sincere

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 30.982025
Retrieved Text: This is a Nederlog of Sunday, June 18, 2017.
In ordinary society, everything is makebelief, pose, and pretense, including the pretense that this is slander of ordinary men. The reason is not that men are natural born liars and deceivers, but that, as men usually are, it is much easier to become rich or a social success by lies and deception than by truth or honesty.
There are very few socially successful men who do not look down with deep disdain, distrust and dislike upon those who donot wish to lie and deceive to make a career.
There would be far fewer great and evil men, if there were far fewer willing executioners for them.
The great human problem does not consist in the small minority of depraved leaders, but in the great majority of depraved and eager followers.
Fame, wealth and status generally require the same sort of character to reach them: In human society as it is and has been, the real bastards are the most successful.
The great and the bad in any society, especially in politics and religion, often are the same.
There are fair and independent judgments of men by men, but never if self-interest or prejudice are involved, and this is the usual case.
Public opinion, like all opinion, deserves respect in just two kinds of circumstances: When it is informed or rational, and when it is violent or dangerous.
Vanity is pleasure in what others believe that one is; pride is pleasure in what one believes oneself that one is.
If you have wit and you are honest, the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 30.347666
Retrieved Text: Incorporating body, mind, heart, and spirit for a whole, complete being.
Body: The physical and material structure of a person.
Mind: An embodied and relational process that regulates the flow of energy and information [as defined by Daniel Siegel, MD].
Heart: A person’s emotional center, including feelings, emotions, connections. It also includes our emotional connections and relationships with others.
Spirit: A person’s individual and collective connection with the Divine [God, Allah, Buddha, Beloved, Nature, etc.].
The SEE, Create, Live the Alternatives Model is the basis for our programs for creating sustainable lifestyle changes. It is a circular pattern and most often, not always, occurs in order. Our programs are holistic, including aspects of the body, mind, heart, and spirit.
Awareness: A state of watching and noticing.
Learning: The act of acquiring or modifying knowledge, skill, or behavior through practice, training, or experience.
Consciousness: awareness of one’s own existence, sensations, thoughts, surroundings, etc.
Acceptance: Allowing the moment to be as it is right now, without struggle, resistance, or attachment.
Authenticity: Being real, honest & genuine in our actions, words, and presence – towards ourselves and others; being without pretense or disguise.
Adaptation: Giving up what no longer works and modifying or adding new action, thoughts, or behaviors.
Empowerment: the process of increasing the capacity of individuals or groups to make choices and to transform those choices into desired actions and outcomes.
Integrity: a state of being wholeness and unity.
Abundance: an experience of having and being more than enough, plentiful.
Vitality: An experience of aliveness and vigor that allows a capacity for growth and life.
Wellness: the quality or state of being healthy

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.111221
Retrieved Text: Few people consider being 100 per cent honest when asked how it's going at work. But overcompensating on a bad day can not only make your secretly bad mood worse, it can hurt your task focus.
Studying a group of bus drivers, for whom daily pleasantries can be part of the job, scientists found that those who engaged in "surface acting", or smiles and chipper voices, when they were actually have a bad day were more withdrawn from work. And the result seemed to be worse for women, which one professor suggested may relate to societal expectations of women as being more expressive.
On the other hand, those who created smiles by thinking positive thoughts, or engaged in "deep acting", seemed to actually cheer up, and their work output increased. Without a subscription to the Academy of Management Journal, it's hard to say how productivity was measured in a bus drivers' role, but it's suggested that fake smiles kept them apart from the task at hand.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 29.685118
Retrieved Text: Allah (Mighty & Majestic) created the life of this world as a realm of trials and tribulations for men. A person spends his brief time in the life of this world meeting tests and challenges Allah (Mighty & Majestic) has set for him. His Lord (Noble & Sublime) has charged him with obligations and forbidden him from violating the prohibitions and transgressing the limits set for him. This is in accordance with the requirements of the Wisdom of Allah (Mighty & Majestic). Then, after that, this person meets his due after death when his Lord (Noble & Sublime) presents him with his account.
Man's good nature and honest reason reject the idea that the destiny of a good, obedient servant of Allah (Mighty & Majestic) could be the same as that of a bad person who did evil deeds and disobeyed Allah (Noble & Sublime). They refuse to believe that good people are equal to bad people—that they both die without the superiority of one over the other ever being established.
As everyone knows, the life of this world is not the realm of reward and punishment. One might see a good person's rights being violated or an innocent being harmed by thugs or tyrants just because they are stronger or more forceful than him, and he may die before getting revenge or getting back his rights.
Therefore, there must be another world where there is punishment and reward: where such matters can be settled, where the oppressed can take his right back from the oppressor, where the righteous

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.31768
Retrieved Text: The prohibition in § 32, Criminal Code, against falsely assuming or pretending to be an officer of the United States or employee acting under its authority is not confined to false personation of some particular person or class of persons, but prohibits any false assumption or pretense of office or employment under the authority of the United States, or any department or officer of the government, if done with intent to defraud, and accompanied with any of the specified acts done in the pretended character.
The offense under § 32, Criminal Code, is complete on the false personation or pretense and the demanding or obtaining money as the result thereof, even if the person defrauded be not financially injured in consequence thereof.
It is within the power of the United States to prohibit the false personation of its officers or the false assumption of being an officer of the United States, and legislation to that end does not interfere with, or encroach upon, the functions of the states, and so held as to § 32, Criminal Code, construed in this case as including a prohibition of the false pretense of holding a nonexistent office under nonexistent officers of the United States government.
The facts, which involve the construction of § 32 of the Criminal Code and the validity of an indictment thereunder and the extent of the jurisdiction of this Court under the Criminal Appeals Act, are stated in the opinion.
(1) With intent to defraud either the United States or any person, the falsely assuming or pretending to be

########
Rank: 5
Score: 28.957056
Retrieved Text: Honesty and integrity are absolutely essential for success in life – all areas of life. The really good news is that anyone can develop both honesty and integrity. – Zig Ziglar, author, motivational speaker, salesman.
There is a short-list of values that are essential to all leaders. One of the most important among them is honesty1.
Why? All human interaction is, at some level, based upon trust. Conceptually, even “contracts” are based on trust; they just happen to be codified. For leaders this means that to be successful in what you do, in work or life, to lay the groundwork for trust to occur, you yourself must be an honest person.
The senior executive leader ought to believe in and live as an honest person. Just as important, the leader must be scrupulously perceived as being honest. Through one’s word and deed is honesty demonstrated. Honesty cannot be fabricated – it is the easiest value to see when it is present and to detect when absent.
At the U.S. Army military academy at West Point, the Cadet Honor Code reads simply that “A cadet will not lie, cheat, steal, or tolerate those who do.” In a word, honesty. Shades of gray are not in the dictionary of the cadet. An act is either honest or it is not. They do not tolerate those who are dishonest and rightly should not. Their profession demands honesty in all things, else there is a potential deadly price to pay on the battlefield.
Being honest also means accepting bad news when it is brought to

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.833284
Retrieved Text: ﻿ Using Stones for Personal Growth. Smoky Quartz: Honesty.
Smoky Quartz is a transparent variety of quartz that gets its name from its smoky gray to clove-brown color. This color is the result of natural radiation in the region where the crystals grow. Clear quartz can also be irradiated after mining to change it into smoky quartz, and much of the smoky quartz available in stores is irradiated clear quartz. Smoky quartz is found in Brazil, Switzerland, Colorado, and New Hampshire. In Scotland, smoky quartz was a sacred stone from the time of the Druids. The royal Scottish scepter was tipped with a sphere of smoky quartz.
Smoky Quartz acts on the Inner Being to strengthen Honesty. Honesty is being frank, forthright and accurate in presenting reality as you see it. It is being straight forward in revealing what you know or believe. It is being candid in giving out information that is accurate and complete. Honesty is feeling that you have nothing to hide, and that you can say what is in your heart. It is being comfortable in revealing what you know by being upfront and "telling it like it is". It is being able to say how much you know and how much you don't know, and includes always being able to say "I don't know", when that is the case. You never try to bluff your way through something.
Honesty is subjective in that whenever you tell the truth, you are actually telling the truth about your perception of reality. This means honesty is not

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.637867
Retrieved Text: Probably best to buy this book because it is over 400 pages and extremely detailed with almost every sentence containing information of significance to the discussions of cases that have been before the Court and will be again based on the numerous unconstitutional laws so many states have passed recently. I do not recall what I was reading or watching, but I was suddenly struck by a better understanding of racism in America. Though I am white, I have a heart and am empathetic and compassionate, but now that I am older I suppose, I more truly grasp how wretched and unreasonable and dreadful and pervasive explicit racism (then and, alas, now). Some people were fooled when it was briefly suppressed by being converted to more subtle or maybe secretive racism that we had for a little after the Civil Rights Movement. And obviously, this was not true. Voting rights are at risk for most people in light of recent Supreme Court decisions, Citizens’s United, but also the one (Shelby v. Holder recently where Clarence Thomas (and Scalia and the other Republican Justices) decided to gut the Act and said, sort of, racism doesn’t exist anymore and so federal review of states laws regarding voting rules was no longer necessary. We have now also seen that this was just another bad decision by these conservative men who want to suppress the vote. Witness the change of Arizona changes to their laws, which they were now allowed to do without Federal review by the Shelby ruling, to

########
Rank: 8
Score: 28.396732
Retrieved Text: When I was in New York last weekend, I was with a group of people who make it their lives’ work to be present and honest. And it’s intense.
Now, it is also my life’s work to be present and honest, so quite frankly, I loved being there. But it was still really intense.
When I strip away the pretense of day-to-day living – like wanting to be liked, wanting to look cool, wanting to be acknowledged for being “good” or “right,” or any of the things that I do out of fear so that I don’t have to acknowledge my truth or be present for my life – what I am left with is unguarded love. To love and to be loved in return.
Here’s a secret. Love is scary. It’s vulnerable and unpredictable. It’s intense. Sometimes it can feel like it’s too intense.
I wouldn’t understand until years after I got my eating under control and got sober from sugar, but food was my main defense against being present and honest. And it was my first fortress against love. It did not matter how much love was sent my way. I had a wall up, and that wall allowed me to filter how much of it got in. I could take my love in easy-to-swallow, palatable doses. A lot of the love meant for me went to waste.
Being with this group of people was also interesting because I met them before I got sober from food. One of them was the one who sent me to get sober.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 28.173195
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'English Only' started by panzerfaust0, Jun 19, 2012.
I looked up bad faith in both wikipedia and wisegeek however I felt that they dwelt too much on the philosophical side of things. I just want to know how to use this term in everyday English.
Can I take it to mean that it simply means someone is intending to deceive? As in, let's say there are two people. Person A says to B, if you can do xyz for me, I give you 5 bucks. Person B goes and does it, then returns for the reward. Person A then says, "you realize I didn't specify WHEN I will give you the 5 dollars, right"? Would A be engaged in an act of bad faith?
Can you think of more examples of bad faith? Is it tantamount to being deceptive, or is there a slight difference/s?
Bad faith involves breaking trust, in my opinion. Your example fits my definition of acting in bad faith. However, if I say "My car is a Mercedes" and the car is obviously a BMW with a Mercedes logo glued on it, that's an intention to be deceptive but it's not acting in bad faith, in my opinion.
In other words, someone being deceptive may not be acting in bad faith. There has to be some agreement, express or implied, that is broken.
When you act with bad or dishonest intent, without sincerity, with duplicity, etc.
I think that's a little too broad a definition. If I say "My! Isn't your daughter pretty!" when I actually think

########
Rank: 10
Score: 28.106998
Retrieved Text: Are you a Mirror image of Christ or Christ little helper?
My littlest one plays mommy with her dolls. She takes care of her babies feeds them clothes them does all the good stuff. But on occasion, her doll babies apparently behave badly. And need discipline. One day I overheard her telling her doll baby how he had misbehaved and was very bad. And after spanking the doll she then proceeded to throw it in the air and allowed it to land on the floor.
Often time we as Christians we are so busy trying to be Christ and we get it wrong. We get it wrong sometimes because we don’t really understand the heart of God. As christians are to be a manifestation of Christ. I think it is easy to misunderstand being like Christ or a manifestation of Christ or Christ-like. It can be a bit daunting. A bit overwhelming. Just what does it mean. I guess I see it as kind of like a hologram of Christ. Just as in Star Wars Obi-Wan Kenobi could only transmit a message to a recipient with a digital image of himself. Manifestation is simply that a hologram. Simplified. Just a vision of someone or something. A representation of one’s self. There is more to just being seen as Christ.
We were made in the likeness of Christ. Called to be a mirror image of Christ. What does this mean? It means we are to do as Christ would do. How can you do as Christ would do if you

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.103613
Retrieved Text: It most certainly isn’t hard to see how a good personality can affect your life in the most positive way. But at the same time, a bad personality can mean the difference between a successful life and be mediocre. People don’t just ask you about your personality strengths and weaknesses in an interview to hear you talking. All your positive and negative attributes contribute the most to your success rather than your qualification or any other aspect of your life.
Your personality determines what kind of person you are and that ultimately results in positive results. The most crucial part, however, is the fact that your personal attributes affect all the people around you. No one wishes to stay in the same room with a negative person and the kind of negative energy that they radiate. It is, therefore, vital to possess positive personality attributes since it encourages people around you to be a better person by taking your examples. Possessing personality strength will determine how well you can fit in with other people and also your ability to help others in any given circumstances. Negative personality attributes are undesirable in all areas. It shows how inefficient you are and your incapability to work with others or to lend a helping hand when others are in need.
It is most important to stay positive at all times, irrespective of what the situations may be. Remaining an optimist enables you to see the best result out of any situations. It also encourages you to not give up easily in

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.935305
Retrieved Text: In keeping with our musical affections, the Fugue cultural principles are our root notes. Our tonics. The ones. These are the five principles that matter most to us as a company.
Curiosity is the root of both creativity and innovation. We examine problems from first principles, consider a multi-disciplinary approach, and take inspiration from seemingly unlikely places. For example, it is no coincidence that many technological advances, from machine learning to materials science, have been inspired by nature. Making new and better products requires non-dogmatic thinking and intuition. Often, we are stuck in bad thinking by not questioning the status quo. This means we both question things deeply ourselves, and respect curiosity in others. Whenever we encounter a new situation, a new challenge, or a new potential customer, we first ask questions to get to the fullest understanding of what is before us.
Consideration is working with others in a respectful and honest way. It is trying to meet others where they are in order to effectively communicate with them. There is no one style of interaction that works with all people, so we try to understand the individual we are working with. Honesty is being truthful and transparent, not an excuse for expressing aggression or anger. Consideration is also being on time for meetings, not working on email while in a discussion, and generally acting with respect toward our colleagues, customers, suppliers and partners. To put it succinctly, consideration is treating each other the way we wish to be treated ourselves.
The only reason any company exists is

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.889254
Retrieved Text: There is an old saying that says, “So simple, yet so difficult.” That saying truly sums up the most integral part of being your best: being of your own mind (knowing yourself). People seem to be able to determine appropriate/inappropriate environments and positive/negative people; however, when it comes to being introspective, the ability seems to fade. Looking inward sounds basic, but it is a difficult thing to do. Some people may be in denial of certain things about themselves. Some people may be afraid of self-examination, fearful of finding negatives. Others may have already recognized what lies within, but may be afraid/reluctant to change. Regardless of the “difficulty,” self-examination is needed if one truly wants to be their best. And when examining introspectively, one must take an unbiased approach at achieving three steps: knowing oneself, being honest in knowing oneself, and trusting/believing in what one knows of themself.
Knowing oneself can partially come innately due to repetitive familiarity; however, truly knowing oneself takes a conscience decision to do so. It is one thing to know “what” you do, say, and think. But it is another thing to actually know “why.” There are things that one can control (moods/emotions) that influence what they think, say, and do. Also, things that others think, say, and do can influence you. It is important to know what these influences are, both positive and negative. Knowing your negative tendencies gives you opportunities to minimize them, which increases your potential to maximize your positive tendencies.
Knowing your positive and negative tendencies extends into being

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.854525
Retrieved Text: Many are on a career path, but few seem to be on a character path.
Are you trusted by your friends? Are you reliable? Can others count on you? Do you want to know how to be an original in a culture of copycats? Do you want to be a part of a vanishing breed in today’s generation?
If so, then become a person who is faithful. You know, a person who follows through. One whom others can count on whether things are rough or smooth. His word is good on the little stuff as well as the mammoth, gargantuan tasks. He’s the kind of person who promises to call—and does so—on time. He says he’ll do it and he does it—exactly like you asked it to be done.
Many are on a career path, but few seem to be on a character path. All too frequently who we are is discarded upon the altar of ambition.
Today our oatmeal is ready to eat in 60 seconds, our prescription lenses are ready to be picked up in 60 minutes, and our house can be built in 60 days. We are a culture that is used to getting what we want instantly. We aren’t used to working patiently, or waiting on anything—even a hamburger.
Jesus taught, “He who is faithful in a very little thing is faithful also in much; and he who is unrighteous in a little thing is unrighteous also in much. If therefore you have not been faithful in the use of unrighteous riches, who will entrust the true

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.736898
Retrieved Text: He defines confidence, or attractiveness, or that thing which makes men attractive, as, “being less invested in other’s opinions, and being more invested in your own opinion of yourself.” I can write a +5000 words philosophical post on this because I like it so much.
Needy people are too invested in people’s opinions. That’s a bad thing. It makes them sleepless to think that someone might not like them or they might upset someone. They define themselves based on that opinion in which they are too invested.
Non-needy people are invested in their own opinion of themselves. They value their opinion and they value themselves.
Therefore, needy people invest in other people; non-needy people invest in themselves. (Note: I don’t believe it’s black or white like that. It’s about being more invested in yourself than you are in other people. Or the opposite).
Needy people invest in other people by trying to gain approval and trying to get people to like them. You can feel that those people are totally dependent on your approval and they care so much about it, even if they pretend the opposite.
Non-needy people invest in themselves. They improve themselves, they take care of themselves, and they value themselves. They do that not to impress other people, but they do it for themselves. And you can sense that their self-worth has nothing to do with your approval.
And here is the catch. Being non-needy needs some vulnerability! There will be times when you need to stick your neck on the line and risk rejection or looking foolish.
It’s

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.648859
Retrieved Text: When I was told this by another customer, I felt awkward. I felt like I didn’t belong in there.
People may read this story and feel sorry for me. But please don’t feel sorry for me. Here’s why: what I experienced for ten seconds at a deli is what millions of people in America experience on a daily basis.
And if I felt awkward for being told that I didn’t belong in a Russian deli I could easily leave, imagine how much worse it must feel to be told that you don’t belong in the United States (or another country you’ve settled in), that you must leave or be deported because you don’t speak the “native language.” It would be an understatement to say that it must feel awkward, just as I felt awkward in that deli. No, it must hurt really, really badly.
So if we encounter someone who doesn’t speak “our language,” please try to understand that the person’s sense of belonging is already being challenged. We don’t need to (and we shouldn’t) challenge someone’s sense of belonging even further by saying that they’re not welcome simply because they don’t speak the language we speak. To the contrary, everyone, regardless of the language each person speaks, is part of our human family.
 I made a decision to not include links to any of these stories and mindsets because they do not deserve more of a platform than they are already getting.
That being said, I am going to do something here that may ignite some controversy. I am

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.635841
Retrieved Text: You may or may not have noticed that I’ve had a hard time writing a blog post for the past couple of days. The reasons are many, I suppose. There is certainly the busy-ness around an event holiday, with cooking and traveling and lots of time with people. Spending too much time with people, even the ones I love, is exhausting and makes me cranky.
And speaking of cranky, there is a lot of what I’ll call pretense about this holiday – perhaps most holidays. So if my post on Thursday seemed sort of negative or bitter, well, that’s because this country, my country, along with being wonderful in some ways, has and does behave deplorably in so many other ways. One could say that this is true of most people, as well as nations or governments and perhaps that is so.
However I find it troubling when a person or entity touts its praiseworthy values and then does not even come close to living them. It’s ‘talk the talk, but don’t walk the walk.’ Most people who know me would probably say that I am perilously close to being a ‘Pollyanna’ in my determined optimism. But that veneer seems to be wearing thin in places, as I age.
I’m going to return to the pretense issue as it relates to family. Family of man [sic]: we all belong. Blood family: even before genetic testing, the net of biological connection was rather vast. I know that I have many blood kin whom I have never met. But we are

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.531301
Retrieved Text: A few years ago I heard a sermon where the speaker pointed out the two incredible claims in this verse. There’s the incarnation, God’s Word (Jesus) becoming human and inhabiting flesh. That’s a huge concept to wrestle with, but then John throws this at us: Jesus was “full of grace and truth.” To be full of both grace and truth – to be able to be completely patient and perfectly forgiving, while at the same time being perfectly honest and perfectly upfront with people when they fail – that’s as big a miracle as the incarnation itself. For us, it’s hard to do even one at a time: we forgive without confronting people, or judge others without loving them.
For a long time, I thought grace and truth in Jesus was a kind of “good cop, bad cop” deal, as if grace was the carrot and truth was the stick. Grace, I thought, was an unqualified good, God’s forgiveness and love extended to people like me who didn’t deserve it. On the other hand, truth was bad for me, because it told me that I deserved God’s judgment.
But that’s not the whole story. Grace has a “dark” side. If we truly believe that God’s attitude toward us is not based not on anything we do but only on God’s choice, we’re in a pretty tenuous position. We have no ground to stand on, no basis for an appeal. If grace is real, then our only hope is within that grace. Everything that we think is going to

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.455437
Retrieved Text: Lying allows a person to establish perceived control over a situation by manipulating it. It’s a defence mechanism that (seemingly) prevents them from being vulnerable, that is, to not open up and reveal their true self to another person. To do so comes with the chance of the other person rejecting, criticising or feeling disappointed with you. And for a deeply insecure person, this can be unbearable. When someone is lying and is rejected there’s a sense of there being a reason for the rejection. By comparison, when a person opens up and is rejected, this feels to them as though they’re fundamentally disliked, which negatively affects their self-esteem.
Sometimes people reenact early dynamics by acting in a certain way. Lying and making others check on, or distrust them, might be an unconscious behaviour that gets repeated as a result of past experiences. In other words, the person hasn’t learnt how to relate to people differently. For example, they may have faced difficulties in their upbringing such as violent parents so they had to create a world of their own (often lying to themselves or developing a habit of lying to others).
In a sense as an extension of the defence mechanism mentioned earlier. People will also occasionally lie to avoid difficult situations and ‘bury’ the feelings that come with them such as guilt, depression, sadness and anxiety. A weaker ego (low self-confidence) makes it more difficult to bear these feelings. Lying enables people to avoid situations in which they would have to confront these overwhelming feelings, in

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.422283
Retrieved Text: Which FFXIV race are you?
Find out if you have what it takes to carve your own path in Eroza! What were you born to be? Elezen? Lalafell? Hyur? Roegadyn? Miqo'te? Take this quiz to find out! seriously I worked hard to make it accurette for you! No "pick your result"s only honest answers!
Are you nocturnal? Diurnal? live in lush lands? or baren wastelands? Which FFXIV character suits you? find out by taking this quiz! I worked hard to make it accurette for you! No "pick your result"s only honest answers!
Do you prefer to be alone? or do you prefer to be around people?
I love people! You couldn't find a friendlier person than me!
I preffer to be alone I really don't like anyone.
It's hard to be alone, but I enjoy to hang out with people, and a little alone time once in awhile.
It's interesting to be around people and hang out, but a little time to gather my thoughts isn't bad either.
I enjoy the company of others, and a little bit of roughousing is good for friendship!
Hunter/tracker/something dealing with the outdoors, and/or nature.
Commercial fisherman, sailing, navy, national guard. anything to do with the ocean or displaying my brute strength.
Social worker, job helping the community, community service, hard labor. anything to help others.
technology, science, language, anything challanging my intelect or helping others attain freedom!
member of a monarchist government, inspector, apraiser.
Do you Prefer the Night? or the Day? Do you like Sunlight?
I'm completly Nocturnal, I'm really bothered by the sun. I much rather have moonlight than sunlight.
The sun doesn't

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.35075
Retrieved Text: We’re talking about dating. The good. The bad and the ugly. Let’s be honest, at times, it can be ugly.
It gets ugly. The ugly varies for people of course but some include being set up on disaster dates. Have you been on one? Where the person sitting across from you at the table is kind of your worst version of a nightmare. One example is the other person already being inebriated upon your arrival at the date. Another ugly includes the inside of our closet/bathroom/bedroom floor as we frantically get ready and decide the exact right outfit for the second date.
I save this category for the bad that occurs in our heads. The bad of shaming ourselves that because we haven’t found the right match, there’s something bad about us and the comparing that comes with it. If I were ______. Skinnier. Cuter. Smarter. Taller. Shorter. Richer. Better. Then I’d have a boyfriend. This is the part of us that may need some extra shoring up if we’re really struggling here. Some people really start to notice self esteem issues when they start dating or if they continue dating without what they consider success. This might also come up a few dates in if we’re super worried about whether or not he will call. The best way out of this one, give him a call. Once.
Dating sets us up with the opportunity to really know ourselves. Am I the kind of girl who loves spending time with lots of people? Is my version of camping happy

########
Rank: 22
Score: 27.29781
Retrieved Text: Creative minded, positive thinking person. Glass is always half-full, not half-empty.
Studied musicology, keyboarder, singer, songwriter, producer, Publishing deal with Universal since 2001.
Still a hobby but couldn’t live without it, 2017 first solo project.
Feel gifted to be able to make music while unreasonable critics are always a downside.
Handle carefully as it is a snapshot, on the long run always being the same person is key.
This track came into my mind in one flow, so easy, therefore cruising as it felt like cruising through city nights.
The moment when I started my 1st solo project; KLANGPLANET + releasing it commercially.
Happy to respond (at least trying) with anyone who’s reaching out via Social media or in person.
Nothing, I can honestly say I’m happy with my life.
I did it all by myself. Try & Error.
Good is meeting good hearted people and bad is meeting untruthful people with bad attitude.
Johann Sebastian Bach, Jimmy Hendrix, Elvis Presley, Michael Jackson, The Beatles.
There is no recipe – good music paves its way. Being honest and sincere about what you create is a key.
Too big to influence but small steps in being a good father, friend, husband and brave person.
Usually I start with the piano chords but often also with atmospheric sounds/field recordings.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 27.280563
Retrieved Text: Everybody loves to share their thoughts on what and how you are doing.
How are you supposed to filter through all that feedback?
There are two ends of the spectrum here.
There is the end of the spectrum where you trust what other people say about you or what you should do over trusting your own inner knowing.
The other end of the spectrum is ignoring or minimizing any feedback.
Neither extreme is going to be ultimately helpful or lead to happiness.
The goal is to be able to take in feedback and filter it through your inner knowing to see what could be helpful to you and what is actually more about someone else than you.
Let’s face it, we can’t see 360 degrees around ourselves and we all have blind spots.
Sometimes the most important feedback can come from unexpected sources. Sometimes the feedback itself doesn’t “sound good”, but it is actually really helpful once you get past your initial feelings about it.
ONE: Is this a fair statement?
Ok, people are not usually trained in giving feedback. If they are hurt or concerned, they might have made a categorical statement like “you’re a jerk”. Well, people are complicated, so you can’t boil someone down to one thing.
So, let’s put it into perspective even if your loved one might have used different phrasing: do you sometimes act like a jerk? (Big difference between being one and acting like one).
You know what? Sometimes I act like a jerk. Usually under circumstances where I am overwhelmed.
TWO: Have I ever gotten feedback like this before?
If you are

########
Rank: 24
Score: 27.276117
Retrieved Text: You may not realize it, but the language you use, your tone of voice, and your body language all factor into how your message is received by those you are speaking with. Without knowing it, a bad mood you were in may have trickled into a conversation and left some confusing undertones that changed the meaning behind your message.
Before approaching someone, take a minute to think about the headspace that you are in. For example, you can ask yourself, “am I in a good place to have a productive conversation right now, or am I in a bad mood because of something that happened an hour ago?” By being honest with yourself, you may find that you need to take some time to switch mindsets before heading into your next conversation.
If you’re in a bad mood but don’t have time to reschedule the conversation, let the person you are speaking with know that there is something on your mind, but that you are present to hear what they want to discuss. The worst thing you can do is lie and say that you’re fine, or be disingenuous, because your body language or tone could give you away and leave a bad taste in the other person’s mouth. You will have a much better conversation if you are open and honest and the person may even suggest postponing the conversation to a better time, for the benefit of you both.
If you end up having a conversation that didn’t go as planned because you were not in the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 27.272665
Retrieved Text: Norman and Norma Burmah, at 102 and 99, have the longest marriage—82 years—on record in the United States. Imagine if they were unhappily married. What a long and dismal sentence that would be. While I don\’t know how happily married they are, I do know what they and others do when they are in a happy relationship. Certain behavioral patterns are shared by happy couples, whether recently united or going for the longevity record.
For one thing, they like each other. They genuinely get along without having to strain, suppress or otherwise fake it. They can be themselves in each other\’s company without having to put on any pretense whatsoever. They can act naturally and their partners like them just as they are. They\’re friends.
Really good friends enjoy each other\’s company, and would rather be with their partner than anyone else in the world. They share confidences, intimacies and daily stories that genuinely interest their partner. There\’s that word â€œgenuineâ€ again.
Being able to laugh together is like glue—it binds you to the person you share the laugh with, whether hilarious or whimsical. It\’s especially great if at least one partner has the capability to find humor or irony or something amusing when couples are in the midst of a disagreement. I have a friend whose husband â€œjolliesâ€ her out of being mad at him. She says he finds a way of turning their argument on its end so she sees it in a different light. And she has the capability of appreciating it. A good laugh is

########
Rank: 26
Score: 27.24285
Retrieved Text: 7. The coming into court of either of the parties; the being present in court; the coming into court of a party summoned in an action, either by himself or by his attorney, expressed by a formal entry by the proper officer to that effect; the act or proceeding by which a party proceeded against places himself before the court, and submits to its jurisdiction. To put in an appearance, to be present; to appear in person. To save appearances, to preserve a fair outward show.
Synonyms: Coming, arrival, presence, semblance, pretense, air, look, manner, mien, figure, aspect.
Origin: F. Apparence, L. Apparentia, fr. Apparere. See Appear.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 27.188171
Retrieved Text: I can’t remember the first person who referred to me as Mr Grumpy, but I think it started when I was affiliate blogging here on One Little Duck. Now being called a name by peers/friends/acquaintances can be taken in one of two ways – either it can be taken as an insult or it can be taken as a term of affection. I’ve actually taken it both ways plus used it in a self deprecating way, but to be honest, I’m never 100% sure how some people direct it at me. In fact it seems to have become less funny and I can tell you that it does offend me more than it used to.
The definition of “grumpy” is “bad-tempered and sulky”, but I’m rarely bad tempered and probably as sulky as the next person. On the flip side, I most certainly don’t walk around with a big emoji grin on my face (although inside I may be full of the joys of spring). I don’t take crap from people and definitely am not shy about speaking my mind, especially when something needs addressing – but that’s not being grumpy, is it?
As mentioned above I have used “Mr Grumpy” in a self deprecating way and one of the funniest things that has happened actually originated from this blog back in 2011. One of the footers said something along the lines as “Jason is often known as Mr Grumpy, but he’s actually very happy down in South Wales”. One of our competitors brought this up as a

########
Rank: 28
Score: 27.026077
Retrieved Text: There are three types of motivations for relationships.
Is your life currently about getting the Love you need?
Is your life about giving the Love you have?
Is your life about being the Love you are?
These are three very different reasons for being in relationship.
These differing motivations are totally missed when we deeply express, “I love you!”.
And the recipient of our “Love” may be really confused by how we express our Love.
Yes, our underlying and often unconscious motivations change as we grow, mature and evolve.
Yes, we can only know what is true for us. We cannot know what is true for another until they are clear.
Yes, we all seek, give and be “LOVE” according to our own unique definition.
What matters is that we discover and clarify our underlying motivation.
Love = Power, Fear, Restriction, Need, Freedom, Respect, Obedience, Trust, Attachment, Surrender, etc.
While these varieties of Love sound contradictory, they fit for those who have experienced them as Love.
Now what do we do with all this stuff?
To know, respect and love oneself is key to successful relationship.
Joining in a unified goal is key to successful relating.
Being honest with ourselves and others, without pretense or withhold, eases the mystery and tension.
Being willing to learn and receive as well as teach and give is key to equality.
Being committed to the relationship goal and to what is truly best for everyone is key.
Being responsible for what we think, say and do, erasing all judgments of ourselves and the other matters.
Come on Saturday, if this has piqued your interest…or listen to the audiotape on line

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.958775
Retrieved Text: Insurance companies are supposed to act in good faith, including negotiating, investigating and settling claims as part of the “implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing.” This means that the insured and insurer establish a contract that entails being honest with one another, treating each other fairly and not prohibiting any one from the contract benefits.
Denying a claim without a reason - If an insurance company does not provide a reason why it rejected your claim, you may have grounds to file a claim against that company.
Failure to investigate a claim - Good faith necessitates thorough and timely investigations into claims. If an insurance company does not look into the auto accident claim quickly, you could file a bad faith insurance claim.
Offering little money for a claim that is worth more - If an insurance company will not abandon their “low-ball” settlement and pay you what your claim is worth, speak to an insurance bad faith lawyer right away.
Refusing to pay on a valid claim - If you have filed a claim, your insurance company is required to make a payment within a reasonable time period. If they do not, you may be able to file a lawsuit.
Threatening the insured - Policyholders who are threatened by insurance companies after their accidents should contact an experienced insurance bad faith lawyer immediately. Your insurance company should treat you professionally and with respect.
If you have been swindled by an insurance company acting in bad faith, contact the insurance bad faith lawyers at Stephens, Anderson & Cummings to find

================



======= Instance Index 3 =========
Input Text: A bald eagle flies over St. Paul, where is it?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- texas
- thermal
- minnesota
- canada
- photograph

Target Text: minnesota

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 37.15698
Retrieved Text: The American bald eagle was adopted as the national bird symbol of the United States of America in 1782. The bald eagle (Haliaeetus Leucocephalus) was chosen for its majestic beauty, great strength, long life, and because it’s native to North America.
A Bald Eagle sitting high up on a cliff.
Across the road are several lagoons. People told us two were in the area and they would see them fly over the water early in the mornings and late in the evenings.
After a while, he decided to take flight.
A feel fortunate to have captured this majestic Bald Eagle.
Coming up: The Painted Desert National Park, a train ride, and a Christmas dinner show.
As we continued down the path, on our hike, we see an Eagle circling high in the air. All of a sudden the Eagle tucks its wings and begins to dive straight at the Red-shouldered Hawk. Thank goodness the Eagle does not strike the Hawk.
The Hawk flies up into the air and into the woods, the Eagle gives chase. We never saw the Hawk again. The poor Hawk was only trying to catch one Coot! Gee, so many Coots, why can’t you share?
The Eagle then perches in a tree looking around, we think, making sure the Hawk doesn’t come back into its territory.
The Eagle sits in a tree for a few minutes, which gives me the opportunity to take a few photos.
As the Eagle flies away you get a nice view of the underside of its wings.
This Bald Eagle sure makes a large shadow.
I beautiful Bald Eagle,

########
Rank: 1
Score: 35.467968
Retrieved Text: NEW ORLEANS (AP) — After nearly dying out in the 1970s, Louisiana’s bald eagle population is showing signs of a comeback.
The state Department of Wildlife and Fisheries says its latest eagle survey shows not just a high number of nests but a high number of healthy chicks in them.
News outlets report the department says the survey shows 264 nests in active use. In the early ‘70s, the state had less than seven nests. Eagles across North America were devastated by a pesticide commonly known as DDT. Their populations rose after it was banned. Louisiana’s brown pelican also was nearly wiped out by DDT. In 2007, the bald eagle was removed from the federal endangered species list, although it remains protected under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act and other laws.
Wildlife and Fisheries’ last eagle nest survey was in 2015. While it showed more active nests — 355 — the survey was conducted over a much larger area than this year’s survey.
St. Mary and Terrebonne parishes have some of the highest eagle nest densities. Lake Palourde, near Morgan City, and Lake Verret, west of Napoleonville, have several nests concentrated in small areas, Seymour said.
Eagles are building more nests and they appear to be filling them with an increasing number of healthy babies.
Bald eagles typically build their nests in September and begin laying eggs in November. Chicks — usually two or three to a nest — hatch by February.
Wildlife and Fisheries’ aerial survey begins in late fall with flights to count eggs in nests. The agency flies again in

########
Rank: 2
Score: 33.678486
Retrieved Text: Wow! Time flies doesn’t it?. The Thanksgiving holiday weekend just wrapped up. We’re barreling into December, Christmas and more holidays are on their way, and the end of the year will be here before we know it. All of which has nothing to do with this edition of The Craft Joint. This time around (and more no doubt as windy as I am) I’ll be talking about one craft brewer and their beers. It is my friends, Yuengling time.
In some places, Yuengling is very well known. In others, folks have no idea who or what Yuengling is or where they located. I’ve heard people say, upon hearing the name, that it is Chinese. It is not Chinese. Not even close, despite, to some ears, a Chinese sounding name. I have to laugh every time I think about that. Moving on.
I am a big fan of Yuengling. I like almost every beer they brew. I’ve toured their breweries in Pottsville, PA and in Tampa, FL. I’ve talked to employees of Yuengling and I have a friend who works for Yuengling. My enjoyment of Yuengling beer predates my brewery visits and any contact or friendly relationship with anyone connected with this American craft beer company. There’s my “full disclosure”, for what it is worth.
I used to spend quite a bit of time in Eastern Pennsylvania and that is where I discovered Yuengling beer. It’s quite popular there. If you walk into a bar and order a “Lager”, they know you’re talking about the brewer’s flagship brew Yuengling Lager.
Founded

########
Rank: 3
Score: 33.30284
Retrieved Text: WOW!!! I just saw a Bald Eagle in the West end of Brantford, Ontario.
I live right across from the Grand River and was actually watching a cardinal this morning as everything is blanketed in beautiful white snow & the sight of the deep red colour of the cardinals wings against it was absolutely gorgeous.
As I momentarily lost sight of him behind some trees, I was drawn to the sky where I noticed an unbelievably large bird swooping down over the river & then up over the tall trees that are nestled along the rivers shores.
Unsurprisingly, the first thought that came to my mind was 'I wonder if that's an eagle?'. Then logically I remembered that in school I had learned years ago that we no longer have the Bald Eagle species here in Canada.
Then as the bird flew right over me I knew for sure what I had just seen was a Bald Eagle, the white head & white tail were so distinct there was no denying that it was anything else.
I thought 'Wow, no one is going to ever believe I just saw a Bald Eagle'.
I quickly rushed back inside to call my Dad who only lives a few blocks away.
I was hoping that if he made it outside fast enough he would also be able to see it. Of course, no answer there.
Curiously I jumped on Google to find out how far North the Bald Eagles have been known to fly and to my amazement, they are here in Canada & not too far

########
Rank: 4
Score: 33.13827
Retrieved Text: carved wood eagles flying eagle bald.
custom wood carvings and sculptures pioneer log homes of hand carved eagles large wooden eagle,hand carved wooden eagle for sale wood eagles native hunting bald faux carving figurine statue,hand carved wooden eagle for sale wood carving eagles bald,wood carved bald eagles woodcarving door sculpture by carving hand wooden,large hand carved wooden eagle wood eagles carvings,large hand carved wooden eagle wood eagles for sale amazing sculpture from on trunk chainsaw,hand carved wooden eagles large eagle wood custom carvings and sculptures pioneer log homes of,hand carved wooden eagle for sale wood bald eagles clutching arrows and union shield at,hand carved wooden eagle for sale statue large wood bald eagles,wooden carved panel eagle eagles picture gift for a hunter oak large hand sale.
crucifix saint st medal cross pendant necklace benedict meaning, st benedict cross necklace meaning center crucifix two tone gold and silver,st rosaries crucifixes crosses benedict cross necklace meaning,pendant cross st steel and silver online sales on benedict necklace meaning , saint wall cross 8 with wood inlay a rosary bay st benedict necklace meaning,st benedict cross necklace meaning or wo two tone crucifix pendant, st center crucifix necklace two tone gold and silver benedict cross meaning,st benedict cross necklace meaning white gold saint pendant , st medal with exorcism blessing roman catholic man benedict cross necklace meaning, heartland store sterling silver st crucifix pendant benedict cross necklace meaning.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 33.134163
Retrieved Text: The eagle reacts with its best defensive move....but the rth stays away from those talons.
A tale of the heart ....or....Know when to fold'em. In this shot the eagle recovers and then flies away while the hawk settles down on the mound with prey.
The mature Bald Eagle left and never returned.....stay tuned!
Immature bald eagle decides to try for some of the prize.
The eagle does not attack the rth as much as going after the food! But the hawk stands it ground.
The eagle will be three years old in March 2014.
The hawks wings go up....a defensive move.
Notice the hawk uses its wings to look bigger....but it retracts them if any danger of an injury. But it stays on the ground.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 32.897022
Retrieved Text: ​​​​​​​​​​Fishing is one of the most popular activities at St. Vrain State Park. As such, we strive to make this experience enjoyable and successful for the anglers who visit the park. With fish species such as Bluegill and Black Crappie, young anglers can hone their fishing skills before moving up to Rainbow Trout, and Channel Catfish. Check out our Fish of St. Vrain Brochure to see a list of the most common fish species inhabiting the ponds in the park.​ In addition, we offer the perfect environment for ice fishing for those willing to brave the elements!
​​​The ponds at St. Vrain State Park have been a favorite family fishing destination for decades. Different ponds are stocked with trout, bass, walleye, and assorted panfish. Below, we’ll tell you a little more about each pond, where to fish, and what to try.
Did you catch a whopper? Take a picture, and we just might add it to our Fishing Wall of Fame!
To send in your picture for consideration, just fill out a photo release form and email it with the picture to st.vrain.park@state.co.us – be sure to include how big the fish was (length and/or weight), which pond you caught it from, and what kind of bait or rig you were using. The best picture each week will be added to the Wall!
The most common fishing question heard by the rangers is “What species of fish are in which ponds?”. Based on the stocking reports and fish surveys, here’s a list of the fish you'll find in ​each pond.
It’s

########
Rank: 7
Score: 32.290413
Retrieved Text: Kenai and her human, Kerrie, were out playing in the snow in Duluth, Minnesota the other day when Kenai suddenly became very agitated.
Kerrie and her friend Pam soon noticed what was bothering the pup: A bald eagle, seemingly stranded in the snow. Kenai barked at the eagle and then tried to approach it. The injured eagle was hesitant to accept help from a dog, for obvious reasons. He hopped away from them as they got closer. It was getting dark, so Kerrie and Pam decided to come back the following day to rescue the bird.
They returned early in the morning. The bald eagle was gone, but he left a trail of footprints.
They spotted him the further up the shore of the lake and contacted the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources (DNR). Pam and Kerrie worked with two women from the DNR to rescue the injured bird.
The staff at Wildwoods, an animal rehabilitation center in Duluth, Minnesota, discovered that the bird had a shoulder injury. They gave him fluids and helped to warm him up.
After that, Kerrie and Pam took the eagle to Raptor Center in St. Paul. The Raptor Center’s examination showed that the bird not only had an injured shoulder, but also had lead poisoning. However, the center expects him to make a full recovery.
Pam and Kerrie say that this eagle never would have had a chance if it wasn’t for Kenai’s keen senses detecting the injured bird. It was because of this heroic pup that they were able to save the eagle from freezing

########
Rank: 8
Score: 32.2903
Retrieved Text: Over the past decade, scientists have found that many North American wildlife species are exposed to harmful levels of mercury. Mercury is released into the environment directly, or into the atmosphere by both natural (wood burning, volcanoes) and human-caused processes (coal-fired power plants, waste incineration, gold mining, and others). Once deposited in the environment, mercury accumulates in organisms, often placing top predators like Bald Eagles at an increased risk.
Mercury has been linked to a wide variety of negative sublethal effects on birds, and it may limit some populations. Due to wind deposition patterns, wildlife in Northeastern North America are often at highest risk for the toxic effects of mercury. As a result, efforts to evaluate the potential for adverse effects of mercury on wildlife, and to evaluate temporal and geographic mercury trends, are highly warranted.
Sampling Bald Eagle tissues (i.e., blood, feather, and eggs) is an optimal way to identify contaminant “hotspots” that place fish-eaters at risk, and to monitor changes in mercury availability to wildlife over time. Several studies documented that Bald Eagles in Maine were exposed to some of the highest levels of mercury in the country (Welch 1994; conducted in 1991-1992).
Since those studies, Maine’s Bald Eagle population has continued to expand, providing new opportunities to evaluate mercury exposure in Bald Eagles from regions of Maine that were previously unavailable for sampling. With support from the Maine Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife, the Maine Department of Environmental Protection, FPL Energy Maine Hydro, and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, we initiated a study to

########
Rank: 9
Score: 32.160286
Retrieved Text: Receive a personalized Ramsey County home value report for your residential property in Arden Hills, Blaine, Falcon Heights, Gem Lake, Lauderdale, Little Canada, Maplewood, Mounds View, New Brighton, North Oaks, North St. Paul, Roseville, Shoreview, St. Anthony, St. Paul, Spring Lake Park, Vadnais Heights, and White Bear Lake.
Find out how much your current or prospective Ramsey County primary residence or investment property is worth in less than 24 business hours. We manually research every subject property, compile the data and then have a professional processor evaluate it. We do not rely upon automated property valuation models that often fail in determining the true market value. Instead, we independently investigate and analyze each property every time using the latest data available from official sources. And the best part is that we are a trusted unbiased source of information that is in no way affiliated with buying or selling real estate.
We also research other areas nearby such as White Bear, Bellaire, and Bald Eagle.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 31.96056
Retrieved Text: You are browsing the Blog for bald eagle on nest.
Under bright sun, blue skies, light wind and temps close to 60F, was able to observe this female Bald Eagle who has been incubating for the past month. At this point in calendar, likely use has hatched at least one egg and the young eaglet is now growing!
Sixty to ninety percent of a bald eagle’s diet consists of fish. The birds generally scavenge dead fish, although they will catch live fish as well. The bald eagle is an opportunist and will sometimes steal fish from an osprey or crow. But ospreys have been observed stealing fish from young eagles as well. The bald eagle uses several fishing techniques. A favorite method is to perch in a tree and watch for a fish swimming in open water nearby, and then swoop down to capture it. If a suitable tree is not available near the water for perching, the birds may also fly out over open water looking for fish below. In winter, they may perch on the edge of ice near open water and wait for fish to float by, or to wash up on the ice. After catching a fish the eagle fly back to a perching tree to eat it, bring it back to the nest, or if the fish is small enough, swallow the fish whole while the bird is in flight. Occasionally, eagles will carry a larger fish they have caught back to the ice or to the shore to be eaten. In over

########
Rank: 11
Score: 31.55639
Retrieved Text: I wonder how different life is from dreams we have in the dark evening hours. I had on the full moon a dream that soon came to be true. I dreamed I was in a green woods with pine trees all around a calm lake. There was a clearing with crows walking on the grass as if in a meeting. Some stayed in the branches of the trees cawing to the ones on the ground. I watched them as I also was a part of this ceremonial event. Then they flew away cawing back to me, black wings spreading and taking flight. Several crows circled above while I stepped into the clearing and I discovered iridescent black feathers left between blades of gold dry grass. I picked them up one by one as if they were gifts left for me. I had a hand full of 16 blue black feathers.
Two days later my friend and I drove to Bon Tempe Lake in Marin to lie in the sun and enjoy this alpine lake with pristine waters you can see to the rocks below. Mountains with green pine trees ring the lake. We found a perfect place to lay our blanket down and rest in the sun. Warm rays entered my skin warming me to my bones. Electric orange dragon flies darted over my head and then pale blue and black striped ones came, almost in competition of who was most stunning. Light bounced off the little waves on the lake hypnotizing me to a gentle trance.
The

########
Rank: 12
Score: 31.556042
Retrieved Text: I have been saving the Great Egrets because they were so numerous. They were absolutely spectacular in the breeding plumage. This first article is about the Great Egrets on the nest. They were either sitting, building, improving or exchanging mates sitting on the eggs. Later I will show the one that has already been born and then on Sunday, plans are to show the beautiful plumage as a Sunday Inspiration.
There were not that many species represented at Gatorland (which are not captives), but what was there has left me awed by the way Our Creator has provided for the birds. He commanded them to reproduce and these birds put on quite a show to impress their mates. Their Maker has given them the ability to grow extra feathers, change the colors on their beaks and feet, and some birds have eyes that change color. Wow! Praise the Lord for His love and care for them. How much more love has He shown to us.
If a bird’s nest chance to be before thee in the way, in any tree or on the ground, with young ones or eggs, and the dam sitting upon the young, or upon the eggs, thou shalt not take the dam with the young: thou shalt in any wise let the dam go, but the young thou mayest take to thyself; that it may be well with thee, and that thou mayest prolong thy days.—Deu_22:6-7.
You think of the children of Israel, don’t you, as having lived far back in the dark ages? But

########
Rank: 13
Score: 31.24388
Retrieved Text: Family and close friends all know that one of my biggest joys is seeing an American Bald Eagle, and fortunately, it has become easier to do. I live within blocks of the Mississippi and Minnesota Rivers. The St. Croix River that divides Minnesota and Wisconsin is a mere 20-minute drive. Trees flanking a river are the best location to spot eagles, and one of my favorite day trips is driving south through Wisconsin along the St. Croix. In addition to being a great location for Bald Eagle watching, there are also sweet little towns along the way, like Maiden Rock and Stockholm, offering a number of options for lunch!
These two photos were taken near Wabasha, along the St. Croix, after crossing back into Minnesota from Wisconsin. Wabasha is home to the National Eagle Center, and is considered the best location in the area for viewing Bald Eagles during the winter months.
The photos taken with my zoom lens (of course) are a bit fuzzy; probably the result of a little too much coffee in one of the cafés along my route... But even so, I love the bottom photo. It didn't take long at all for the eagle to notice me standing many feet below him. And when he did, his piercing gaze persisted until I got back in the car and drove away. The first thing my husband said when I returned to the car was that he expected the eagle to swoop down and start attacking my head. Had I lingered much longer, that may

########
Rank: 14
Score: 30.959997
Retrieved Text: Police have arrested a man on suspicion of trying to punch mascot Crystal Palace’s bald eagle Kayla during a match at Selhurst Park.
The Croydon Advertiser reported a 34-year-old from Welling was arrested on Friday morning after the incident, which is said to have occurred during a Capital One Cup fixture between Palace and Charlton on 23 September. He is being investigated for violent disorder and attempted criminal damage and remains in police custody in south London.
Six people were arrested earlier this week after police raided homes in London and Kent as part of their investigation into violent disorder during and after the match. One man has been charged and five others have been bailed.
Kayla – an American bald eagle who has been Palace’s mascot since 2010 and flies around the ground before kick-off at every match at Selhurst Park – is the star attraction at Eagle Heights Wildlife Foundation in Eynsford, Kent.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 30.871548
Retrieved Text: An immature Bald Eagle flies over me Feb. 21, 2014, at the Ridgefield NWR. Canon 5D Mark III, 1/1250, f5, ISO 800, 500mm, 1:42 p.m.
This entry was posted on Tuesday, April 14th, 2015 at 7:16 pm and is filed under Raptors and Birds of Prey (plus Vultures and Shrikes). You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 30.78634
Retrieved Text: This is a collection of bald eagle and raptor photos taken in Vermont, New Hampshire, and western Massachusetts. Some were taken from land, and some from my kayak, which gives me a different perspective than most photographers. I focus mostly on bald eagles but I have a great love for raptors. Included here are ospreys, turkey vultures, and hawks. I’m hoping to add peregrine falcon to the list this summer.
This is a banded male bald eagle. (Orange B over O). He is the mate to Black 9 over K and was hatched in 2008 at Fourth Island on the CT River in Deerfield, MA. I visit their nest, via kayak, often in the summer and I’m hoping to see more of their eaglets this year. The nest is on the Connecticut River in Hinsdale, NH.
Male banded bald eagle, B over O, standing guard a few hundred feet away from his mate in the nest. April 2019, Hinsdale, NH.
Male bald eagle on left identified as black band A over P. His mate, still unidentified, is on the right. Taken at the Retreat Meadows in Brattleboro in October 2018 from my kayak.
A juvenile bald eagle photographed at Barton Cove in Gill, Massachusetts from my kayak. Barton Cove is where my love for bald eagles started. I couldn’t believe what I was seeing the first time I encountered one. I still get just as excited every time I see a bald eagle.
One of a pair of bald eagles that nest in Hinsdale, NH. This is female bald eagle black

########
Rank: 17
Score: 30.758871
Retrieved Text: Bald Eagle Week Is A Success!
Last week, we hosted the first ever Bald Eagle Week to bring awareness to eagle conservation. We highlighted the incredible work of our partners, Raptor Resource Project and Institute for Wildlife Studies, and raised funds to help them continue to protect our national bird.
In just ONE WEEK, we sold almost 600 limited edition Bald Eagle Week tees raising funds of over $10,000 for eagle conservation. Because if your incredible generosity, we have decided to donate an additional $22,000 to Raptor Resource Project and Institute for Wildlife Studies!
During Bald Eagle Week, Mike Fitz hosted a panel chat with experts from Raptor Resource Project and Institute for Wildlife Studies where they discussed the differences and similarities between their native eagle populations. Check it out now!
Bald Eagle Week wouldn’t be complete without really understanding the reason we must continue to support eagle conservation organizations. Though we see thriving populations on our livecams, there was a time when the bald eagles were a threatened species. Join us as we dive into the fascinating history of the Sauces Eagles and how they overcame adversity while struggling to survive.
We want to thank you all for an incredible week, we are so proud to be part of the eagle family. Let us know in the comments below what you want to see next time!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 30.75745
Retrieved Text: The bald eagle is one of the largest birds of prey found in North America. It is the national bird and symbol of the United States of America. This sea eagle has two known sub-species and forms a species pair with the white-tailed eagle. Its range includes most of Canada and Alaska, all of the contiguous United States, and northern Mexico. Bald eagles typically can be found near large bodies of open water with an abundant food supply and old-growth trees for nesting. In Channel Islands National Park, due to the persecution by humans and the effects of organochlorine chemicals such as DDT, breeding bald eagles were eliminated by the mid-1950's. In an innovative reintroduction program conducted 2002 and 2006, sixty-one young bald eagles were released on the northern Channel Islands.
This 13-minute film chronicles the journey of the bald eagle's recovery from disappearance on the Channel Islands in the 1960s due to DDT contamination, overhunting, and egg collecting to today's population of about 60 eagles on four Channel Islands, some that are successfully breeding.
The scientific name means "a white-headed sea eagle" and comes from the Greek words halos, meaning sea; aetos meaning an eagle; leukos meaning white; and kephalus referring to the head. Bald is from the Middle English word balled, meaning shining white.
Rather than do their own fishing, bald eagles often go after other creatures' catches. A bald eagle will harass a hunting osprey until the smaller raptor drops its prey in midair, where the eagle swoops it up.
Had Benjamin Franklin prevailed, America's emblem might

########
Rank: 19
Score: 30.499872
Retrieved Text: At four to five years of age bald eagles get their distinctive white head and tail feathers.
The word “bald” in bald eagle comes from the old English word “balde” meaning white.
While the average lifespan of the bald eagle is about 20 years, the bald eagle can live up to 30 years in the wild and sometimes even longer in captivity.
The bald eagle has excellent eyesight, four times that of a human being with perfect vision. They can also see both forward and side to side at the same time.
Bald eagles mate for life and will remain together until one dies.
Bald eagles will normally build a nest approximately 5 feet in diameter. The eagles will often use the same nest over and over, adding to it each year. The lofty nest is also referred to as an aerie. The bald eagle will lay 3 to 5 eggs. 50% of eaglets survive their first year.
The bald eagle has 7000 feathers. The feathers of the bald eagle are extremely strong, yet very lightweight.
The eagle’s talons are the knife-like claws on the bald eagle’s feet.
The bald eagle has an average Wingspan of approximately 7 ft; ranging from 72 to 90 inches.
The average height of the bald eagle is approximately 3 ft; ranging from 30 to 37 inches.
The average weight of the bald eagle is 9-14 lbs.
At one time the bald eagle was threatened to extinction and was listed as endangered under the Endangered Species Act. The population of bald eagles in the United States had declined for a number of

########
Rank: 20
Score: 30.429766
Retrieved Text: The only sea eagle living on the North American continent is the Bald Eagle, which is found across Canada and the United States and in northern Mexico. The Bald Eagle’s scientific name means “White-headed Sea Eagle”. The Bald Eagle is the only eagle unique to North America. Its distinctive brown body and white head & tail make it easy to identify even from a distance. When flying, the Bald Eagle very rarely flaps its wings but soars instead, holding its wings almost completely flat. Its hooked bill, legs and feet are yellow. Second in size only to the California Condors and about the same size as the Golden Eagle, Bald Eagles dwarf most other North American raptors. Their wingspans range from 6.5 to 7.5 feet, while body length varies from about 3 to 3.5 feet. Bald Eagles weigh from 6 to 8 pounds. Females are larger than males and have a slightly longer wingspan. Bald Eagles primarily eat fish, carrion, smaller birds and rodents. Eagles are also known to prey on large birds and large fish. Bald Eagle numbers in the U.S. were estimated to be between 300,000-500,000 in the 1700’s. Numbers were once as low as 500 nesting pairs in the lower 48 states. Bald Eagles occur from Baja California and Florida north to Newfoundland and Alaska. Within this area, they are nearly always found near water, along rivers, lakes or the sea coast & coastal marshes, reservoirs and large lakes. They also pass over mountains and plains during migration. The northern and interior populations

########
Rank: 21
Score: 30.4109
Retrieved Text: Just Whose Fish Is It?
especially if it means little work on their part.
I watched the gull catch the fish and suddenly drop it.
and headed for shore where he consumed the gull’s catch.
Posted in birds, Eagles of Jordan Lake, fish, Jordan Lake, Jordan Lake State Park, photography, raptors, reptiles, amphibians, fish, wild birds and tagged as American bald eagle, bald eagle, bald eagle fishing, bald eagle flight, bald eagles of Jordan Lake, eagle, eagles of Jordan Lake, flight, gull, immature bald eagle, immature eagle, Jordan Lake, Jordan Lake State Park, raptor.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 30.289118
Retrieved Text: Alaska. Bald Eagle (Haliaeetus leucocephalus) flying over Kachemak Bay beach, Homer.
Alaska. Bald Eagles (Haliaeetus leucocephalus) landing on a snag, to join others, Homer.
Alaska. Close-up of an adult, bald eagle emphasizing the eye, Homer.
Alaska. Bald Eagle (Haliaeetus leucocephalus) reflection on Kachemak Bay beach, Homer, while landing.
Alaska. Bald Eagle (Haliaeetus leucocephalus) aerial dispute over a fish (herring) displaying aerial aerobatics, Homer.
Alaska. Bald Eagle eating chum salmon along the Chilkat River near Haines.
Alaska. Bald Eagle (Haliaeetus leucocephalus) flying down the beach at the Homer Spit, Homer.
Alaska. Bald Eagle (Haliaeetus leucocephalus) eating a herring while in flight, Kachemak Bay.
Alaska. Bald Eagle flying toward the photographer along the Chilkat River Bald Eagle Preserve near Haines.
Alaska. Bald Eagles interacting over salmon in November along the Chilkat River Bald Eagle Preserve near Haines.
Alaska. Bald Eagle (Haliaeetus leucocephalus) mid-air interaction over fish, Homer.
Alaska. Juvenile Bald Eagle (Haliaeetus leucocephalus) close-up portrait.
Alaska. Bald Eagle (Haliaeetus leucocephalus) landing on a snag, Kachemak Bay.
Alaska. Bald Eagle (Haliaeetus leucocephalus) sitting on flag pole, Homer.
Alaska. Adult Bald Eagle (Haliaeetus leucocephalus) flying over the surfline of Kachemak Bay, Homer.
Alaska. Bald Eagle (Haliaeetus leucocephalus) resting in sea ice, Homer.
Alaska. Bald Eagle (Haliaeetus leucocephalus) wings spread in landing, Homer.
Alaska. Bald Eagle (Haliaeetus leucocephalus) in flight over Kachemak Bay, Homer.
Alaska. Bald Eagle (Haliaeetus leucocephalus) portrait.
Alaska. Bald Eagle (Haliaeetus leucocephalus) silhouette in flight over Kachemak Bay, with area mountains in the background, Homer.
Alaska. Bald Eagles (Haliaeetus leucocephalus) resting on Kachemak Bay driftwood.
Alaska. Bald Eagle (Haliaeetus leucocephalus) swooping down to get a fish, Homer.
Alaska. Bald Eagle (Haliaeetus leucocephalus) aerially turning midflight to approach, Homer.
Alaska. Bald Eagle

########
Rank: 23
Score: 30.266644
Retrieved Text: PROTECT ILLINOIS EAGLE HABITATS WITH "ONLINE PETITION"
It is said the bald eagle was chosen as our national symbol because during the Battle of Brandywine early in the American Revolution, the noise of fighting in the valley stirred eagles who had been nesting in the heights. Hearing the eagles circling high overhead, the rebels rallied, shouting, "They are shrieking for our freedom."
The bald eagle came to symbolize a young nation's independence and strength, and has been the central image used in the Great Seal of the United States since 1782 and state seal since Illinois was a territory in 1809.
Here in Illinois, we're fortunate to have a growing eagle population, with at least 3,100 bald eagles who winter here each year in aeries from Southern Illinois to Jo Daviess County in the far northwest corner of the state. Tens of thousands of Illinois residents and tourists are thrilled to see these magnificent birds in their natural environment, spreading their wings and "shrieking for our freedom".
In fact, eagle-watching in Illinois has become a booming source of tourism revenue for the State and small businesses. Eagles can now be spotted in at least 27 Illinois counties, including Adams, Alexander, Bond, Bureau, Calhoun, Hancock, Henderson, Jackson, Jersey, Jo Daviess, Johnson, LaSalle, Madison, Mason, Mercer, Morgan, Ogle, Pike, Putnam, Rock Island, Schuyler, St. Clair, Stephenson, Union, Whiteside, Williamson and Winnebago.
The bald eagle is a national treasure and we need to do everything possible to protect its habitat here in Illinois. Despite facing extinction only a few years ago due to pesticides,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 30.139246
Retrieved Text: eagle color page eagles coloring pages printable bald eagle for kids 3 e color page 9 free eagles coloring pages free printable eagle coloring pages.
here discover eagle color page eagles coloring pages printable bald eagle for kids 3 e color page 9 free eagles coloring pages free printable eagle coloring pages to an ideas where engage in child activities. coloring is beautiful and in a cheerful mood, also as well as proficient training activities in that regard. it has in any event been a joy to discover things was start with very simply from the more complicated letters or tricks. the most recognizable thing such as the cartoon character, or in the movie, may also be an interesting form but not included in either.
here we are in coloring pages gallery of pics can also come in the shape of animals or flowers. there is many more for example plants or insects. they are that so interesting and provide other levels of difficulty. including giving a form where has never been encountered, is a form of learning also for children.
for more complex levels is part of the teenager or more. here we are in theme eagle color page is one was you can choose and you attempt to finish. begin with a base color or a higher level by playing gradations or color discs. everything becoming practicable if you begin to try it now. good luck hope this be fun for you or maybe you can show it to friends or teacher or also parents.
endorsed bald eagle

########
Rank: 25
Score: 30.122805
Retrieved Text: We were at Pittock Conservation Area in Woodstock, Ontario, and while looking for fossil rocks on the beach, I happened to look toward the Mallard ducks and saw a large wing span.
After watching what we concluded to be a Bald Eagle, possibly female but we aren't sure, we left quickly to grab some binoculars and sat on the beach for a few hours watching this bird.
When it would fly again after resting in the trees, all the Mallard ducks would sort of flock to where the Eagle would land on the tree stumps in the water.
Two seagulls repeatedly would "chase" the Eagle until it retreated back into the trees again.
I watched this bird for hours.
I don't know how to write about it being that it was more of an awesome, spiritual experience.
Being in this town most of my life, it was the first time I had ever seen a Bald Eagle here.
Thank you for the report of your Bald Eagle sighting - I too have seen Bald Eagles in the area between Woodstock and Tillsonburg, so I know they are around.
Spotted this morning about 8 am while walking my dog ... it was circling, hunting ... came by and had a good look at us so we got out of there!
Eagle sighting on Christmas Day.
Walked through Pittock Conservation Area today with my son and spotted what we though might be a bird up high in a tree, but it was quite large. Getting closer we realized it was an Eagle. It spread its wings and flew

########
Rank: 26
Score: 30.089413
Retrieved Text: One of the most recognizable and majestic birds of the North Fork is the bald eagle. This symbol of our great nation is a year-round resident, but its population soars during the winter months, especially after the deep freeze we have been experiencing lately.
Standing at over three-feet tall and with a wingspan exceeding six feet, the bald eagle is one of the largest birds you will encounter here. As adults, their brown body with bright white head and tail make them easily distinguishable from any other bird. Juveniles on the other hand are often misidentified as golden eagles, as they are overall brown in color with white mottling on their underside. They will attain the well-known adult plumage at the age of five.
Because of the bald eagle’s great size, you will not find them nesting in the red oaks and pitch pines of your backyard. They require trees that are large enough to support a nest that is typically four-to-five-feet in diameter and two-to-four-feet deep. One of the largest nests ever recorded was found in St. Petersburg, Florida and it measured over nine-feet wide, twenty-feet deep and weighed more than two tons.
To accommodate their needs, large conifers that rise high above the surrounding canopy are preferred nesting sites. With a diet consisting primarily of fish, nesting within the vicinity of a large body of water such as bays, lakes and rivers is also an important factor that is considered by eagles when looking for a place to call home.
Although bald eagles primarily feed on fish, they

########
Rank: 27
Score: 29.949097
Retrieved Text: Forever young in spirit & mind, Bob left us on 11/14/2017. Lifelong Moundsview teacher & coach. Preceded in death by his parents and beloved son John. Survived by wife Susan; daughter Laura Garaffa (John); son Scott Baker (Shelly); daughter-in-law Dareth Berg; grandchildren Jennifer, Mallory, Gabriella, Taylor & Jordan; and delightful great grandsons Lawson, Bo & Johnny. Service Saturday, November 18th at 11:00 am at MUELLER MEMORIAL, 4738 Bald Eagle Avenue, White Bear Lake with visitation starting at 10:00 am. Please no flowers, instead memorials can be made to Children’s Hospital-St. Paul for Childhood Cancer Research.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 29.842184
Retrieved Text: The bald eagle is a type of sea eagle with the scientific name Haliaeetus leucocephalus. It is most famous for being the national bird and symbol of the United States.
Bald eagles have brown feathers with a white head, a white tail, and a yellow beak. They also have large strong talons on their feet. They use these to capture and carry prey. Young bald eagles are covered by a mixture of brown and white feathers.
The bald eagle has no real predator and is at the top of its food chain.
How big are Bald Eagles?
Bald eagles are large birds with a wing span of 5 to 8 feet long and a body that ranges from 2 feet to just over 3 feet long. The females are larger than the males and weigh around 13 pounds, while the males weigh around 9 pounds.
They like to live near large bodies of open water like lakes and oceans and in areas that have a good supply of food to eat and trees to make nests. They are found in much of North America including Canada, northern Mexico, Alaska, and the 48 United States.
The bald eagle is a bird of prey or raptor. This means that it hunts and eats other small animals. They mostly eat fish such as salmon or trout, but they also eat small mammals like rabbits and raccoons. Sometimes they will eat small birds like ducks or gulls.
They have excellent eyesight allowing them to see small prey from very high in the sky. Then they make a

########
Rank: 29
Score: 29.820862
Retrieved Text: Bald eagles thrive in Alaska due to its wide open spaces and abundant food sources and there are more in Alaska than anywhere else in the United States. Eagles congregate in many locations along Alaska’s coastal shores where salmon play an important role in their diet. Their distinct white head in mature birds makes them easy to identify. All bald eagle photos on this site may be licensed as stock photos for business use, or purchased as fine art prints for your home or office decor. They were taken at various locations across Alaska. Since bald eagles favor coastal regions where water is abundant, most were taken in Alaska’s southeast and southcentral regions.
The bald eagle is named for its conspicuous white head and tail, which appears at approximately 5 years old. Immature birds lack this easily identifiable characteristic and can be confused with the Golden Eagle. The Bald Eagle is Alaska’s largest resident bird of prey (the Steller’s Sea Eagle is larger) with a wingspan up to 7 1/2 feet (2.3 m) long and weights of 8 to 14 pounds (3.6-6.4 kg). Like many raptors, females are larger than males.
Bald Eagles live along Alaska’s coast, offshore islands, and Interior lakes and rivers. The highest nesting densities occur on the islands of Southeast Alaska. Most Bald Eagles winter in southern Alaska, but some leave the state during cold months. In the Chilkat Valley, over 3,000 birds may congregate in late fall and early winter to feed on spawned-out salmon.
Bald Eagles often use and rebuild the same nest

================



======= Instance Index 4 =========
Input Text: A battleship is a powerful vessel.  If you need something similar but faster, what would you use?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- yatch
- corvette
- aircraft carrier
- destroyer
- patrol boat

Target Text: corvette

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 35.426224
Retrieved Text: The U.S. Navy recently started sea trials with their new stealth destroyer. The vessel is the largest stealth destroyer the U.S. Navy has ever built and it uses electromagnetic energy that allows it to fire a rail gun shell at a speed of 5,4000 mph over the course of 100 miles.
If it were just a little bigger, it would be a small battleship. BTW, I think you have an extra zero on 5,4000.
American's enemies are "within" the country.
You don't need a stealth battleship to fight the enemies in the streets of New York.
Looks like the weapon manufacturers lobby is still strong and the US politicians are always ready to spend the tax payers money on stupid projects.
USS Zumwalt is a huge ship but Uncle Sam contractors claim it's stealth because it has that shape. Right, stealth.... 180m long ship. Satellites can see objects the size of a shoe box. I don't think any of this would have trouble detecting a ship 2 football fields long.
Destroyers destroy, thats what they do. Thats all they do.
I think this is a stupid ship, but your point is mistaken: no ship-ship combat today would take place anywhere near visual range. Hell, battleship gunnery in 1940 was expected to take place at 6-7 miles. So the 'stealth' has entirely to do with radar.
More significantly, this ship has a MILLION-WATT radar of its own, operating nearly all the time. In this case, for the 'stealth' to make any sense, you'd have to shut that off, leaving the ship nearly blind.
Would a stealth

########
Rank: 1
Score: 30.770304
Retrieved Text: Last edited by Colette on Wed Dec 20, 2017 8:54 pm, edited 11 times in total.
I like the overall shape and the broadside guns, but the big turrets look a little off. It feels like they might actually work better without the big dishes on top.
With the increasing prevalence of missiles in Praetorian and Brittannian ships, the Trattorian empire thought a stopgap was needed. The Joint Chiefs of Staff hence commissioned the Lelantos-class orbital defense platform, to serve in conjunction with its older sibling the Helios.
A close up of the bridge. Unlike its predecessor, the Lelantos has a large bridge with an ample communications package, and a small area for hangars. Due to its explosive ammunition, it also mounts six shield generators.
Inevitable size comparison with the Helios, an Athenia dreadnought, and a Midgetman frigate.
From now on I'll post LDD creations here.
The Curie-class battlecruiser is the newest addition to the Trattorian fleet, designed to replace the severely-outdated Peacekeeper-class (the latter's design having remained unchanged since 2011). The Curie keeps the general shape of its predecessor but increases the scale of everything- for example, many of the ball-turrets have been replaced by a more powerful quad-turret design.
One peculiarity of the Trattorian navy is its lack of a dedicated carrier vessel. Instead, the role of bringing fighters fell on the cruiser-class vessels, deploying them from external racks but lacking any means to refuel or repair them. The new battlecruiser maintains this role using the same external racks system, the difference being in the expanded capacity of 96 fighters (compared

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.357643
Retrieved Text: Im my opinion the lights in later releases of Renderman have been one of the strong points, The Renderman 22 release is no exception. The lights are really easy to operate and the number of ways you can shape them, similar to the way I would do it on set or in the studio is phenomenal.
In this release of Renderman you can really start to paint with your lights. The faster iteration and the fact that you can turn the Maya viewport into a Renderman viewport makes the creative process so much easier and fun. The analytic lights have very easy to use controls where they act like a soft box type light without a light modifier when created. If you need to shape the lights you can go under the refine tab and start to shape them into something similar to a spotlight. If you still need to shape the lights you can add a light blocker and achieve virtually any type of effect you would think of in a regular studio. In real world photography I often shape the lights with gobos to restrict the light and this is very easy to do with the Renderman lights. I feel very at home and treat the lighting similar to what I would have in the real world.
Rembrandt is one of my old time heroes when it comes to painting. Old classical portraits often had a three light approach. A key and a rim and something to light up a pool of light behind the subject

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.24105
Retrieved Text: You know that scene in the film Contact where the “Machine” is spooling up, its three spinning rings kicking out crazy light and an electromagnetic field powerful enough to pitch nearby Navy battleships sideways, as Ellie (Jodie Foster) waits, terrified, in her tiny spherical craft above the space-time bedlam, to plummet into the vortex?
Yeah, that’s not exactly how NASA’s envisioning faster-than-light space travel, but…wait, NASA’s working on faster-than-light travel? Isn’t that impossible?
Of course it is. Nothing can travel faster than light, right? To do so would violate the special theory of relativity, which stipulates that you’d need an infinite amount of energy to accelerate a particle with mass to light speed. We’ve all heard this pretty much since we were kids. Has someone finally proven special relativity wrong?
In a paper titled “The Warp Drive: Hyper-fast travel within general relativity” published in science journal Classical and Quantum Gravity in May 1994, physicist Miguel Alcubierre suggested a mechanism for getting an object from one point to another at faster-than-light speeds without running afoul of Einsteinian relativity.
Alcubierre’s idea: bending space-time in front of and behind a vessel rather than attempting to propel the vessel itself at light-speeds.
… [it] is shown how, within the framework of general relativity and without the introduction of wormholes, it is possible to modify a spacetime in a way that allows a spaceship to travel with an arbitrarily large speed. By a purely local expansion of spacetime behind the spaceship and an opposite contraction in front of it, motion faster than the speed of light

########
Rank: 4
Score: 30.144253
Retrieved Text: FAQ: Learn Python - Battleship - To Your Battle Stations!
This community-built FAQ covers the “To Your Battle Stations!” exercise in Codecademy’s lessons on Python.
How can I be sure I tested my battleship project properly?
How to handle invalid input?
I accidentally hit Return without entering a number, which gave me the idea to check if player input for Battleship was a valid number.
raw_input will always be a string first.
But as soon as I call int() on something that is not a number-string, I get an “invalid literal for int()” error.
I want to ask “Is the input an integer?” without running into that error.
I would be interested to learn how I can do this check!
How could I modify my code to stop printing the board again in case of “Game Over”, just like it doesn’t print it again in case of a win?
I completed the battleship section, but when I put it into a python2 ide on my phone to show a friend, it showed an error about ascii or something. Why does it not work in the ide? please help, thanks for listening.
I was wondering how, when the player guesses a number out the range, not to use up their go, but to stay on the turn they were on.
Eg. if a player is on turn 2 and guesses row 10, it returns “Oops, that’s not even in the ocean.” and then their next go is still turn 2.
print "Congratulations! You sunk my battleship!"
print "Oops, that's not even in the ocean."
print "You guessed that one already."
print "You missed

########
Rank: 5
Score: 29.798742
Retrieved Text: USS Massachusetts captains, are your main guns or secondary batteries your main firepower?
As a South Dakota class battleship, she has powerful 16 inch (406mm) main battery guns capable of sending any sized vessel to the bottom of the ocean.
However she also has deadly secondary batteries that can turn any sea worthy warship to a watery grave as well.
If you have USS Massachusetts in your fleet, which gun crew claims the most destroyed warships?
The main guns are still the primary weapon of choice. The secondaries while good are a situational weapon, if you charge in recklessly hoping to engage with secondaries you are dead. This ship requires a lot of patience and situational awareness to reach its full potential.
Full secondary build; but as @UssIowaSailor said, tempered by being careful not to rush in too soon.
Common to focus the secondaries on one target, while firing at something else with the main battery. Same thing I do with pretty much any ship, depending on the strength of the ship’s secondaries.
If you want a main gun focused MA, get an Alabama. Secondaries or buy something else.
edit: speaking in the generic "you" not the specific.
It is funny but whenever I see the South Dakota ships or the North Carolina in real life I can easily tell the difference between the 16 inch 45 caliber guns to the Iowa's 16 inch 50's. I looks like someone cut the ends of the guns off.
The main guns do most of the direct damage, but the secondaries have the effect of dissuading destroyers or CQC

########
Rank: 6
Score: 29.707384
Retrieved Text: The latest VBAM Victory Track, a free e-zine designed to support existing VBAM Products, has been posted. In this edition Dan Waugh showcases his variant rules for elite fleet officers.
Political Favorite? Too COOL! That is something that gets missed in campaign games IMHO.
Are those a triplet of Terran Union “Union” Class Monitors (Boltian-Kussion Wars) in the picture on Page 3? Or do I need to go back to the ship ident files?
Those are actually two Carthage cruiser flanking an Ibuki battleship. Granted these are not from the most graceful angle but I really like what Ian did with them.
Ramming specialist has a prerequisite which is a level 0 ability. Level 0 abilities are basically faults in the officer. Only someone a little reckless would consider deliberately ramming his ship into another ship.
I do need to credit the Stars Divided source and Tyrel for ideas. I “stole” them without regret to get what I felt was a more balanced and “common sense” approach to officer developement.
Common complaints were that everyone chose the same abilities or that some abilities seemed to powerful or weak for what they did. I broke some abilities up, watered some down and upgraded some several levels.
In addition I decided that if you wanted to give that level 5 officer Anti fighter: Task Force that ability wouldn’t just magically pop into being. If you wanted that you would need AF: ship and AF: squadron. That showed the officer gradually increasing his skills as he progressed up the officer ranks.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 29.623642
Retrieved Text: The destroyer, USS Joseph P. Kennedy Jr. (DD 850) is no different in that respect. However, among the rest of the gearing-class destroyers, her sister ships, she stands out in many regards.
She was built in 1945, in Quincy, Mass. Named after Lt. Joseph P. Kennedy Jr., a naval officer during World War II. She is best known as a Vietnam War era ship, but she served two tours in Korea, played an important role during the Cuban Missile Crisis, and even assisted NASA with the recovery of their space program's capsules. She did a few cruises in the Mediterranean Sea and just prior to heading back to her homeport of Newport, R.I., in the winter of 1972 she met her last battle with a harsh storm in the Atlantic.
"It was an interesting voyage home," said Michael Angelini, a former Sailor aboard the Kennedy. "Most of the career people aboard had never experienced anything of that magnitude."
"It was certainly an adventure trying to walk down the flight deck," said Michael. "The interior passageways were certainly a challenge as well."
Once the Kennedy found her way back home, the Navy assessed her and deemed that she was damaged beyond repair and would be decommissioned shortly thereafter.
Her decommissioning would not see the end of her arduous journey though.
The Navy was deciding whether she would be sent off to a foreign country or sent to the scrapyards, Ed Ward, Michael's French teacher from his high school stepped in with a third option.
Ward came aboard the Kennedy and unexpectedly discovered Michael in

########
Rank: 8
Score: 29.158512
Retrieved Text: The Keldabe-class was the largest warship of the Zann Consortium's navy.
Battleship was a name widely used for types of capital ship. Often, it was reserved as a term for the largest and strongest warships in a navy, broadly comparable with dreadnaught, but sometimes, smaller vessels in the same navy were described as performing the duties of a peace-keeping battleship. At times, it was synonymous with "warship" and simply described larger combat ships.
The Cal-class was the last in a long line of battleships, being powered with a hull-running mass-driver cannon.
The wars between the Republic and the Sith Empire, as well as with the Mandalorians, were known for their colossal battles involving some of largest capital ships in the history of the Galaxy. Throughout the Great Hyperspace War, the primary combatant ships in both Sith and Republic fleets, were denoted as "battleships". During the Great Sith War and the Mandalorian Wars, the Mandalorian factions used Kyramud-type battleships and Kandosii-type dreadnaughts in their fleets. Meanwhile, the Republic maintained fleets of very large and blocky command ships and battleships, which slowly became outdated and were eventually replaced with newer warships. The Mandalorian Wars saw the Galactic Republic constructing and fielding the Inexpugnable-class tactical command ships which were sometimes referred to as "battleships." The Republic would go on to build a number of very advanced warships during the Great Galactic War, one of the largest examples being the behemoth Superdreadnought the Star of Coruscant.
The Inexpugnable-class served as command ships and battleships during the Mandalorian Wars.
In the final stages of the New

########
Rank: 9
Score: 28.705881
Retrieved Text: Ahoy captain pirate! Raise the black flag, grab steering wheel and sail across the ocean with your favorite ship! Are you ready to steal gold, discover new lands, fight enemies in a furious ship battles and conquer the ocean? If yes, then don’t wait and jump into your favorite pirate battleship: Red Beard, Black Flag, Black Pearl or Golden Queen and use your steering wheel to sail across the tropical Caribbean sea! So get ready for the challenging water race and thrilling ship battles! Let’s attack your enemies! Argh!
Get ready for the tropical Caribbean sea adventure and wild ship battles.
~ Red Beard ship seeks for a gold and treasure. It has red and yellow colors on it. If you are the real captain looking for the riches, that’s the ship for you!
~ Black Flag is a traditional pirate battleship decorated with skulls and bones. Only the real pirates can cross the sea with this ship and fight against its enemies.
~ Black Pearl is a haunting sea horror navigated by the ghost world captain pirate. Swim with this battleship and threaten everyone on your seaway.
~ Golden Queen ship is an explorer’s ship with yellow and blue colors and eagle symbol on it. Prepare for the most amazing sea adventure! Sail this ship and discover new lands!
◆ GET READY to be a captain! Fight in the battleship and defeat enemies! Steal their treasure and gold!
◆ ATTACK the giant kraken, angry parrots or wild monkeys and fight with a huge predatory fishes.
◆ DEFEND your vessel from Mad Monkey Island

########
Rank: 10
Score: 28.457775
Retrieved Text: Unless otherwise noted the presented statistics below pertain to the base KMS Admiral Graf Spee design. Common measurements, and their respective conversions, are shown when possible.
PROPULSION: 8 x MAN Diesel 9-cylinder engines delivering to 2 x shafts at 56,000shp.
Detailing the development and operational history of the KMS Admiral Graf Spee Pocket Battleship / Armored Cruiser. Entry last updated on 7/14/2017. Authored by Dan Alex. Content ©www.MilitaryFactory.com.
The Admiral Graf Spee was a pre-World War 2 vessel of the Deutschland-class of German warships. She was designed and built during a time when Germany was still under the limitations of the Treaty of Versailles signed after World War 1. The treaty stipulated new warship designs with a displacement not to exceed 10,000 tons. However, the Admiral Graf Spee was a product of both rule-bending and outright disregard for such limitations - a practice that would prove more and more common during Hitler's rise to power. The Deutschland-class was first committed to sea by its lead ship - KMS Deutschland and this vessel was then followed by the KMS Admiral Scheer and, finally, the KMS Admiral Graf Spee. The Graf Spee was named after German Admiral Maximilian von Spee who was killed in combat during World War 1, going down with his flagship, two sons and 2,200 German sailors at the Battle of the Falkland Islands. The Admiral Graf Spee was laid down in October of 1932 and launched in June of 1934, being officially commissioned in January of 1936. All of the Deutschland-class ships were eventually lost to action

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.254534
Retrieved Text: When you have a pimple, you need something that gets rid of it FAST. You need a secret weapon. You need ThermaClear, the acne treatment device that puts you in charge of your skin again, with safe, effective, powerful, pimple-fighting technology that defeats pimples at their source. Lotions and cleansers can take up to 8 weeks to work and they don't get rid of the pimples you already have. And let's face it. Those are the pimples that really matter.
The ThermaClear device treats the pimples you already have. During the TWO SECOND treatment time, the device delivers a controlled burst of healing thermal energy that reaches deep beneath the surface of your skin, neutralizing the bacteria causing the pimple. This speeds the healing process, so you get CLEARER SKIN FAST--up to four times faster. So, if you typically find a pimple lasts a week, with ThermaClear it might take only two or three days to heal.
ThermaClear's HEAT technology is similar to laser treatments dermatologists use for mild-to-moderate acne--but you don't have to have acne to use ThermaClear. Sometimes that one pimple can be just as annoying as a full-on breakout--and you want to get rid of it, ASAP. With this kind of powerful technology in the palm of your hand, YOU'RE IN CHARGE of your skin again.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.206123
Retrieved Text: Which do you rate as the best re-built Battleship?
My own thoughts are WeeVee due in large part to her main battery and the vaunted USN 5"/38 secondary battery for AA use.
Any input would be apprieciated.
For a ship of the line, the WeeVee and Tennessees were the best. Their advanced FC outfit gave them an unsurpassed ability to hit, and they were powerfully armed.
For a more mobile design, Renown or a Kongo would be good choices. The Italian ships represent a remarkable achievement, but I really distrust their armor--not that the others were all that great.
What was the range of the Tennessee's/WeeVee's guns?
From a pure technical point of view, the most demanding job was made on the Italian´s. Their lenght was increased, the machinery power output tripled and the gun´s caliber increased too.
The Kongos were lenghtened too and the machinery power doubled.
WV just received bulges and new secondary artillery, like Warspite.
Again, I am not judging the efectiveness of the upgrade, just the work done.
How good would Gneisenau with the six 15" boomers have been?
She'd still have the Boiler hump.
YES, probably the Italians were the ones to renew the most of the ships,.. un until the point that it was better to make it brand new, .. 3 more Littorio Class battleships were better than 4 old Cavour class.
They ( Cesare and Cavour ) were used only at Punta Stilo, .. facing Warspite and QE's ( other renewed one's but stronger ) with no fear, .. but unsuccesfully.
After it was clear that Littorio's were much better and faster,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 28.092161
Retrieved Text: Battleship: Naval Clash Mini Hack was created for transform all limited things to unlimited. This Battleship: Naval Clash Mini Cheat work on all Android and iOS devices. Also this Cheat Code for Battleship: Naval Clash Mini work on iOS 9 and later. You can use this Hack without root and jailbreak. This is not Battleship: Naval Clash Mini Hack Tool and you don’t need to download and install any apk or ipa files. This Battleship: Naval Clash Mini Hack is very simple in use – you need just enter a Cheat Code in the game. Also you can use the instruction. The link to instructions for Battleship: Naval Clash Mini Hack you can find below.
If you don’t know how to Hack Battleship: Naval Clash Mini, you need just use our Cheats. And you don’t need to download any Hack Tool. To use these Battleship: Naval Clash Mini Cheats you need just have Android or iOS device (Even IOS 9 or later).

########
Rank: 14
Score: 28.085264
Retrieved Text: Battleship Cove: Drop Everything and Go!
Okay, this is one amazing place! Said to be "The World's Largest Naval Ship Museum", Battleship Cove is located at 5 Water Street in Fall River, MA, an easy drive from the Boston area. I had the pleasure of spending a recent afternoon climbing aboard massive giants, with hundreds of tons of iron and steel beneath my feet; to say that I was impressed would be a severe understatement. Living in New England for so long, I definitely had a "Duh!" moment as in, "Why did I take so long to visit?".
It was a sunny, but chilly, Friday, which is probably why I had the place almost entirely to myself. During warmer months, I can see how Battleship Cove is a major destination; fresh air, cool water, important naval history and beautiful scenery compete for your attention. However, keep in mind that the "off " season is just as fun, and even more so if you want to avoid the crowds. Imagine having free reign on USS Massachusetts, USS Fall River, USS Joseph P. Kennedy, Jr. and submarine USS Lionfish, the sister boat of USS Escolar. How cool is that?!
I don't know if any vessel at Battleship Cove is genuinely haunted, although a local ghost hunting group does conduct annual Haunted Battleship tours on USS Massachusetts during the Halloween season. I can tell you that structures containing large quantities of iron and locations near bodies of water seem to attract and help entities manifest, hence the abundance of stories of haunted

########
Rank: 15
Score: 28.040398
Retrieved Text: When you purchase a boat in Canada, whether it is a boat that is brand new or comes from a previous owner, the law states that you must register or license your vessel with the government office of Transport Canada. This registration places your vessel in the national registry so that there is a record of identification for your vessel. Canada makes a distinction between small vessels and large ones and depending on the type of vessel you own determines the forms you need to use for registration. Along with your registration is a fee and understanding the large vessel registration payment form and what to do with it is important.
While the registration forms can be submitted to Transport Canada electronically, if you are paying any of your fees by credit card, filling out the payment form is a necessity for you. The form might take you a bit to locate on the Transport Canada website as it can seem a little convoluted, but it is there for you to fill out. Once you find the form, you can download it and print out so that you can fill out. The problem with the form is that you must either fax or mail the form to Transport Canada so that you cannot pay electronically.
Do You Need to Use the Form?
You may wonder if there is an easier way for you to file and pay for registration beyond using the large vessel registration payment form. The answer is yes, if you come to us at the National

########
Rank: 16
Score: 28.012308
Retrieved Text: She was at some of the most pivotal battles ever fought by Americans.
She escorted convoys across the ocean in 1941 and shelled the Axis-held beach at Normandy. She carried out bombardments at Okinawa, clearing the way for Army and Marine landings on the beaches. Her silhouette loomed ominous as she gave supportive fire at Iwo Jima, and her captain nearly grounded her to fire on German forces at Omaha beach. She was also tasked with carrying more than 4,000 troops safely home from the Pacific for demobilization in a mission that was called the "Magic Carpet."
Now, the Battleship Texas, the only remaining World War I-era dreadnought battleship, slowly decays in the salt water of the Houston Ship Channel and officials tasked with her wellbeing are making a plea to Texans: A ship that saved thousands of lives now needs the community to save her.
"Every once in a while, there will be a story about how the ship is listing or is taking on water," said Stephanie Croatt, assistant superintendent with the Battleship Texas. "Then people won't hear anything else about it and they'll assume the problem is fixed. The problem is not fixed.
"It will never be fixed in the ship's current condition."
The condition Croatt refers to deals with major weaknesses in the ship's hull - holes and cracks where the steel has eroded away - that require pumps to run 24 hours a day just to keep up with the amount of water the ship is taking on.
"We pump about 300,000 gallons of water a day

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.926682
Retrieved Text: hi, there is a chance of getting a big job but its 3 storey. Im completely traditional so obviously cant reach the taller windows, im wondering whats the best starter kit for waterfed pole? i dont have a clue about any of it but not sure i can use an outdoor tap so would need pure water in a backpack or similar? i dont want to get a whole system so dont know exactly what i would need to get pure water in a backpack? any help would be greatly appreciated.
Gardiner pole systems for your kit .
You need to know the TDs from your water supply , then you can decide if you need a Reverse Osmosis system or just a DI vessel .
You'll get a lot of answers here Mark but honestly, this question has been answered here a million times. All the answers are right here for you to sift through there's many posts about it.
Hi I think something is wrong with the search bar always says nothing matching your search?
Just look at the topics. It won't be long before you come to one whats looking for the same thing as you.
Is there anyone/or spotless water near you that sell purified water?
If so just put a Gardiner back pack on a trolley and a few 25l containers with you. Sounds like you’ll need a 25ft pole.
I got the CLX27, which will reach the 2nd floor of most properties quite easily. Can be a bit challenging at times in the wind etc though.
EDIT: To clarify,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.809746
Retrieved Text: The prospect of taking classic board game Battleship, a guessing game with no real story, and turning it into a big-budget summer film for Universal and Hasbro Studios — with clear hopes of it becoming a blockbuster franchise like Hasbro's massively successful Transformers — is no easy challenge, but it's one that director Peter Berg was up for. Berg, reuniting in the film with Friday Night Lights TV star Taylor Kitsch, talked to Newsarama about converting skeptics, working with novice actors like pop megastar Rihanna and the real-world science that went into his film of nautical alien invasion, which is in theaters this Friday.
Newsarama: Peter, was it a daunting proposition when you were originally faced with the task of turning a board game like Battleship into a movie — a board game that doesn't even really have a plot?
Peter Berg: Any time you set out to make a movie, or television show, or documentary, it's always a daunting proposition, and every project has its own particular challenges. Battleship certainly had its fair share. There were a couple of things that I liked: I'm a huge student of Navy history, my dad was a Navy historian, and I've always wanted to make a film about Navy combat.
When thinking about the game Battleship, one of the things I liked was the inherent violent tension. I'm trying to find you, you're trying to find me; once we find each other, we're trying to kill each other as brutally and mercilessly as possible. That's actually good DNA for a film.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.732733
Retrieved Text: Internet of Things: Will it Drive the Next Productivity Revolution?
I use C++ when I use opencv. I don't understand why people use python so much.
Need help! After recognition i want that my raspberry pi respond me through voice and calling me by name??
Hi, I put it all to a while true loop to make a video like face detector of it, the problem is it's slow. Any advice How can I make it faster?
it showing an error libjasper.
I wish you showed an example on it working on the latest pi. I'm wondering how practical it would be to use for object detection. From what I've read, it's not. Not enough CPU power for it. I don't know about any multi-threading techniques either as I am still new to python and programming as a whole. Still, it would have been cool to see a experienced user show how good he got it working!
Took around 3 hours to install all the stuff.
My error is coming in installing make. Please help.
its only happening till 17 percent and then showing a lot of errors.
I stumbled upon your videos this evening. It's 3 am now, your videos are awesome brotha. Keep up the great work.
Hi, I have been working on openCv on a raspberry pi but using a webcam, My challenge is that though everything works the processing speed is so bad, I need to ask if what makes it slow is because I used a webcam instead of a pi cam or there's something I can do to make it

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.691694
Retrieved Text: 8. In The Valley Of Elah (27) Drama. Casey Affleck, Michelle Williams. 8. TBC 1. The Madness Of King George (1994) Comedy. Anne Hathaway. 8. The (196) Yul Brynner, Eli Wallach. 1. The Hurt Locker (28) Suspense. Jeff Bridges. 8. No Country For Old Men (27) Drama. Tommy Lee Jones The Birth Of A Nation (216) Drama Lincoln (212) FP 2. 5 The Usual Suspects (1995) 4. The English Patient (1996) Programs listed in Eastern Daylight Saving Time.
He further expressed that it would be unfortunate for the Congress party to neglect the sentiments and interests of its core constituencies of Jammu and Ladakh regions and follow the Kashmir centric policy. rof. Virender questioned those who talk of financial autonomy of the state when the state has always to depend upon the Centre grants not only for the development activities but also to pay salaries to its employees. He added that it looks mockery when those leaders who siphoned out their shares out of the Centre grants meant for the development activities, talk of financial autonomy of the state. he Spokesperson said that GST is beneficial for the state economy for the traders and for all sections of the society and added that it would provide transparency in the taxation system and curb the corruption. Ch. Lal Singh hon’ble Minister for Forest chaired a Janta darbar at Kathua Ch. Lal Singh hon'ble Minister for Forest chaired a Janta darbar at Kathua in which Ch Sahib distributed plants. Jugal Kishore Sharma Member of Parliament Lok Sabha Bjp Jammu

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.584484
Retrieved Text: My timing is awful, as Audrey has just announced that she’s more or less done with the blog. The good news is, she’s done with the blog because her research into education technology is going to become a book published by MIT Press called Teaching Machines. She is a voice of reason in a world full of breathless praise for ed tech and personalized learning and “the whole student” and the wealth of possibilities with MOOCs and the Internet. But until the book is out, you have a wealth of information to peruse on the website.
It seems a bit silly to post my one and only worthwhile contribution to EFL classroom activities after I’ve officially made the transition into full-time translation work, but here we are!
A thing that hung me up in my initial teaching days and throughout my training was drilling. (My old CELTA lesson plans have “DRILL BABY DRILL” sprinkled throughout, a testament to my natural inclination to go light on this part.) No one wants to bore students or waste their time with something they already know. Isn’t it more fun to get to the open-ended, communicative activities?
Well, sure, but those activities are a lot more fun once you’re confident in the target form or pattern, and building that confidence the raison d’etre of drilling. While I think the fear teachers have of boring students through drilling (no pun intended but I’m proud of myself) are largely overblown, there’s no denying it can get repetitive.
My own solution to this is simple: Battleship.
Battleship sample

########
Rank: 22
Score: 27.533634
Retrieved Text: So we are getting there - to the point of releasing next versions of PowerArchiver.
What are the major features you want to be there - please select from the poll so we know how much will you like next PA.
Just an heads up - like WinZip, there will be 2 versions of next PA and of course, no features will be removed from standard version (a lot more will be added in fact).
ZIP files in use! would be a feature I am long waiting for.
Burning feature would just made a bloatware to PA.
Don’t have a need for ftp or encryption for backups.
Burning - hope we can specify “temp” to be on other partition besides C: drive (unlike Windows).
P.S. Sorry I haven’t been around much lately (work) - hope to contribute more often in future months.
does this mean that existing users end up paying for the pro version?
if you want those features, which not everyone might… there will be special price though.
no current features were moved to pro and a lot of new features are in standard version.
yes please as I am always forgetting to close things before I run my backup.
As for burning I don’t think that should be the job for PA, tend to agree with masu that would be bloat.
-Preview window to preview images, archives and more!
-FTP client to easily download your backups!
-Proper unicode support for shell and main PA!
-Encrypt tool that works with 7zip and zip?
unicode is not full, but it is fully usable - it wont show properly in all tools, but

########
Rank: 23
Score: 27.447548
Retrieved Text: For years the ship of the line in null sec was the Tech II fitted sniper battleship. This usually meant Megathrons, Apocalypses, and Tempests, and many null alliances were fine with Rokhs, Scoprions (back when ECM could be snipe range), and Maelstroms. Even just last spring in Paxton I had multiple battleships ready to go in the hanger for the fleets.
And slowly, it began to change. I first remember Pandemic Legion coming out with Armour HAC gangs supported by Guardian logistics, and the Paxton/CVA Panic Zealot fleets with a similar concept. I even remember a Goon fleet coming through in a Drake blob which we handily defeated with our battleship fleet.
AHACs - armour based heavy assault cruisers, backed by considerable Guardian logistics, may include some tackle and recons. Typically fit with after burner and accompanied by command ships with sig reducing command links, the goal is to be as hard to target and hit as possible and to repair as quickly as possible if shot at. May also include remote ECCM to keep logistics from getting jammed.
Drake Army - Heavy Missile Drakes, lots of em, with Basilisk and Scimitar logistics support, shield command links. The goal is to be a tidal wave of bricks with great range (about 70 km IIRC) and decent damage.
Supercap Blob - The main weapon of choice for taking out starbases, sov structures, and disabling station services. Often accompanied by regular capitals, the core is the Supercarriers and Titans. Often the only counter for a decent sized fleet of these ships is

########
Rank: 24
Score: 27.43515
Retrieved Text: When the weather’s hot, iced green tea is a healthy, refreshing drink that helps you cool down—and you don’t need sugar, sweeteners or even a kettle to make it. Here are three brewing techniques you can use to make iced green tea.
This technique does require a kettle and is best for when you need a quick cuppa. Have cold water and some ice on hand to serve.
Prepare your tea as you would prepare a hot green tea (we recommend water at 60-70°C) but use double the amount of tea than usual. This is because you are making a kind of ‘concentrate’ that you can then dilute with cold water. Using more tea increases the flavour whereas extending the brewing time increases astringency, so let the tea brew for your usual infusion time.
Pour the liquid into a larger jug. If you’re feeling a little adventurous, grab another jug and pour the tea from vessel to vessel—this increases the air around the liquid and cools it down faster. To serve, top with cold water equivalent to about a quarter of the total amount and add ice. The tea should now be cool and refreshing to drink.
This style of infusion has all the benefits of green tea and retains the flavour that you love from a hot brew, but without the warm feeling you get from drinking one. You should be able to use the leaves at least once more for another round.
This technique needs more time than hot and cold infusion so start about 6-8 hours in advance

########
Rank: 25
Score: 27.428232
Retrieved Text: With the introduction of DSCore (25th Febuary 2019) (Version 4.91 Patch 5), Ship statistic pages and Ship pages will not be updated anymore. Or not regularly atleast. They will be kept for historical reasons. DSCore will give you the most up-to-date info you can get about almost everything you need to know about Ship and Equipment statistics.
Capital ships are the largest ships usable by players in the Discovery mod. Their size ranges from elegant cruisers to gigantic warships.
Capital ships - due to their size - are hard to maneuver. While going through an asteroid or a minefield, they easily collide with obstacles, which makes the trips longer. Battleships have a tendency to get stuck in asteroid fields. Docking with jumpgates and trade lane ring requires much more attention than with a small vessel as you need to get into position or else you get stuck or (in luckier cases) take a long go-around. In the case with Trade Lanes, it is a common occurrence when the capital ship bumps into and disrupts the lane. Note that relatively flat capital ships may be able to get through certain parts of asteroid fields by rolling and/or backing up and taking a different route, when they may otherwise get stuck.
You may freely purchase and operate a capital ship, however be aware that many of the ships factions have registration requirements. Buying a capital ship without the appropriate approval and registration may and usually does incur the unwanted attention of the ship faction. Often they will put unregistered ships on

########
Rank: 26
Score: 27.421946
Retrieved Text: The breakout of the German battleship Bismarck into the North Atlantic in May 1941 was one of the most dramatic naval episodes of World War II (1939-1945). It took place at a time when the resources of the Royal Navy were stretched thinly, and the British Home Fleet were hard pressed to counter this powerful German warship, which was vaunted as the most powerful battleship in the world.For nine days she became the most sought-after vessel afloat, as the Home Fleet and Force H, based in Gibraltar, combed the seas in search of her. After days of fruitless searching, the lone German warship was spotted by a reconnaissance aircraft some 300 miles to the south-west of Ireland. Admiral Tovey, who commanded the Home Fleet from his flagship HMS Rodney ordered his warships to intercept her, and a great naval race began, with the Bismarck speeding towards the safety of the French ports, and the British doing their utmost to stop her.Despite overwhelming odds, with most Home Fleet craft too far away to intercept the German ship's flight to France, the Royal Navy ultimately managed to locate, damage and ultimately sink the great German battleship. In this new addition to Osprey's Campaign series, author Angus Konstam sheds new light on this race-to-the-finish, detailing the original plans, the British efforts to locate and damage the Bismarck, the Bismarck's extensive armor systems and her ultimate defeat in a highly illustrated format.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 27.392897
Retrieved Text: How does the processor (A8) in this HP laptop compare to 2009 MBP's Core 2 Duo?
Discussion in 'MacBook Pro' started by galaksy, Jun 1, 2014.
AMD is designed for high power tasks like gaming, video editing, etc. Intel is designed for everyday use. While both have good speed, Intel preforms better for the home user.
Pretty much anything current is going to be faster than a Core 2 Duo. Hell, even the iPad benchmarks a few specific tests faster than a C2D.
So that HP laptop is going to be good at video editing? Even though the laptop is only $400?
Depends on your definition of good, and the material you are editing. It's going to be slower than a current MacBook Pro, but it might still be powerful enough for your needs. Hard to say anything more specific, without knowing what your needs are.
The multithreaded performance of the HP laptop is somewhat better than the older MBP, but the MBP is actually faster in single threaded benchmarks. So if the software you use is properly multithreaded, the HP is going to be slightly faster, but generally they are very close. I would not call the HP an upgrade over the MBP.
IMHO You would benefit much more, if you spent the $400 to get an SSD and maximize the memory of the MBP. If you have already done that, the HP would actually be a downgrade from the MBP.
I see you randomly comparing desktop PCs, laptops, Macs, modern with old machines etc, and I'm not sure if that helps with

########
Rank: 28
Score: 27.235994
Retrieved Text: PANAMA—You might expect a sailor to build a ship for a hobby, but you would hardly expect him to build a battleship complete with radio-controlled turrets whose guns will fire real ammunition.
Wally W. Powers MM2c is doing just that at Coco Solo. The battleship, a model of the Idaho, has been under construction for 15 months. Powers, who works in the station’s instrument machine shop, figures it will take another 12 months to complete the battlewagon.
Wally Powers working on his model battle-wagon.
It is 6 feet 4 inches long and weighs 150 pounds. It has a beam of 14 inches and is 32/12 inches from mast tip to keel. The battleship will be powered by four storage batteries of sufficient amperage to keep her going 11 hours. Except for the guns, which are steel, the vessel will be all-aluminum.
Powers salvages most of the parts from the station’s junk pile. A landing light motor from one plane will drive the turrets; the 21 gears that will drive the four propeller shafts will be turned by an old windshield wiper motor. The gear box itself took three months to build.
The model is enclosed in an enormous shipping case, which serves two purposes; it safeguards the ship while in the process of construction; it will eventually serve as a shipping compartment. Powers has a packet of letters from high ranking officers authorizing him to freight his battleship home to New York City when his tour is up.
Powers, a sailor for six years, is 24. He saw duty aboard the heavy

########
Rank: 29
Score: 27.220098
Retrieved Text: I read a story last week about an insanely fast router that can run at up to 5.3 gigabits, far faster than even the crazy-fast gigabit Internet service that only a lucky few people are able to get. The article questioned what anyone would do with it.
Think beyond network speeds, though, and there’s a lot you can do with that power.
First, just because you can’t use that speed in the outside world, inside your house there’s definitely lots of benefit to that kind of speed. If you’re going to stream high-resolution video to a media center PC, for example, you’re going to want as much speed as you can get.
Even if you have that kind of speed, though, a lot of its capability is going to sit idle. I have lots of ideas for what to do with it though.
How about a DNS firewall that blocks malware from getting in and disrupts any malware that does manage to slip in? How about caching web content so we can make smarter use of the pathetic bandwidth we do get? How about QoS? When the Chromecast and a tablet are both streaming video, what if I could restrict the tablet to a lower-resolution feed since the tablet can cope with lower resolution a bit better?
What if we built some rudimentary IDS capability into the device, so it could alert us if it sees suspicious stuff going on?
I think there are a lot of great things we could do with a moderately powerful device–something with a couple of CPU

================



======= Instance Index 5 =========
Input Text: A beaver is taking logs from a Pacific beach, where is it located?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- washington
- ontario
- books
- canada
- in russia

Target Text: washington

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 37.025642
Retrieved Text: this is a bargain with 150′ of Lake Michigan frontage and a wonderful location.
Contact Beaver Island Realty today before someone else gets this opportunity.
This beautiful home, located at 25995 Pine Street on the back beach area of Beaver Island’s north eastern tip, is only a short walk from town. It is situated on a bluff that slopes gently down to a broad sand and cobble stone beach with 140 lakefront feet. The two bedroom home is made of concrete material designed to look like authentic Beaver Island cedar logs. $399,000 Price Reduced!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 30.324524
Retrieved Text: The Wickaninish Beach is an amazing sandy beach where you can walk forever along the shoreline. Stroll with friends, surf in the waves, run with your pup or do something serious like watching the clouds drift by in the blue sky. Day dreaming is common at Wickaninnish Beach so let yourself go and fall into the moment.
Wickaninnish Beach: Long sandy beach, surf, logs and blue skies!
Big, bold surf can be found at Wickaninnish Beach. Be sure to check out the waves before jumping in.
Be careful with the surf at Wickaninnish Beach: there are rip currents.
Ask local Tofino surf shops for info about the waves.
Walk forever on the hard packed sand at Wickaninnish Beach.
Check tides first and head out a low tide for the most beach.
Drive south along Pacific Rim Highway, watch for the sign and turn right on Wick Road. The Kwisitis Visitor Centre at the end of the road by the beach. The Kwisitis Centre is located in the Pacific Rim National Park so parking is not free. Difficulty is 1/5.
The Wickaninish Beach is an amazing sandy beach where you can walk forever along the shoreline. Stroll with friends, surf in the waves, run with your pup or do something serious like watching the clouds drift by in the blue sky.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 29.609783
Retrieved Text: Big Beach is a nice beach located in the community of Ucluelet, BC, Canada on Vancouver Island, British Columbia. It is the largest public beach in the community providing the most services and amenities.
The beach park includes a picnic shelter, some picnic tables, a playground and washrooms. Inland there is an open area with a large grass lawn for blankets and picnics.
Not far away there are a few sitting benches, a trail map and access to the Wild Pacific Trail.
Big Beach is just that – a big beach park. It is a park situated in a large bay with a good-sized beach. The bay is backed by rock outcroppings and jagged cliffs providing a natural shelter from the winds.
The beach is, both, pebble and sand. Low tides reveal tidal pools and more wet sand. The beach shoreline is always lined with piles of driftwood logs thrown a shore by the west coast storms which batter the coastline every winter.
Activities enjoyed at Big Beach include sightseeing, birdwatching, storm watching, picnicking, hiking and wildlife watching. Some of the wildlife sightings include bears, eagles, whales and cougars.
In the community, the Pacific Rim Hwy turns into Peninsula Rd. Continue driving Peninsula Rd, pass the school zone until Matterson Drive. Take a right on Matterson and follow the road until you reach the gravel parking lot.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 28.312511
Retrieved Text: The Oregon coast sees millions of visitors, and beaches can be filled with people enjoying the gorgeous views and rugged coastline. From Astoria down to Brookings, summer can be a busy time of year on the Oregon coast. To escape the crowds and see the area at a slower pace, we've put together a list of the five places to paddle and kayak on the coast. From lakes to rivers, natural areas and sea caves, there's something here for every ability level, including families.
Coffenbury Lake put-in area. Photo by Denis LeBlanc.
Nestled at Fort Stevens State Park, Coffenbury Lake is roughly a mile long and rather narrow. With planting done to reduce erosion, the lake is a forested retreat amongst the dunes. This extra vegetation attracts wildlife like deer, elk, and and osprey. For campers at the Fort Stevens Campground, paved trails make it easy to haul boats to the water. Docks at the northern end of the lake give easy access for boating as well as fishing. Picnic tables and restrooms are located at either end of the brief access road that stretches the length of the lake. This paddle is suitable for all abilities.
The paddle from Tahkenitch Landing Campground around Jewitt Island is a quick way to get a sense of the lake's size and scenery. Photo by Halvor Tweto.
Tahkenitch Lake is located just off Highway 101. The large lake offers a potential reprieve from the strong coastal winds. Kids and beginning paddlers can find relief from the gusts as they explore the waterway. With

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.294218
Retrieved Text: "Clatskanie River and Beaver Slough, Oregon"
Click image to enlarge Clatskanie River at Point Adams. The Clatskanie River merging into Wallace Slough. View from Point Adams Road bridge, with the Westport Slough floodplain on the left and the northwestern tip of Anunde Island on the right. Image taken February 21, 2005.
The Clatskanie River is a tributary of Beaver Slough. The mouth of Clatskanie River/Beaver Slough enters Wallace Slough near the upstream end of Wallace Island, at Columbia River Mile (RM) 50. Wallace Slough separates Wallace Island from the Oregon shore. Four miles upstream on the Columbia is Port Westward and Crims Island. Further upstream is Green Point and the small Oregon community of Mayger. Four miles downstream is Puget Island. The Oregon community of Clatskanie lies at Clatskanie River Mile (RM) 3.
Click image to enlarge Clatskanie River near Wallace Slough. View of the main branch of the Clatskanie River (often seen labeled "Beaver Slough"), just upstream from where it merges with the Wallace Slough. View from Erickson Dike Road looking towards the northeastern tip of Anunde Island. Image taken August 28, 2012.
Beaver Slough is a major slough meandering through this Oregon section of the Clatskanie floodplain. Beaver Slough merges with the Clatskanie River approximately 2 miles upstream from the Clatskanie merging with Wallace Slough.
Click image to enlarge Beaver Slough, Oregon, looking west. View from Erickson Dike Road. Image taken August 28, 2012.
Click image to enlarge Beaver Slough, Oregon, looking northwest. View from Collins Road. Image taken October 17, 2013.
Click image to enlarge Beaver Slough, Oregon, looking northeast.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 26.771566
Retrieved Text: Pacific Beach has got it all, great surf, great food, great shopping and great night life. Pacific Beach is composed of it’s main streets Mission Blvd. going from north to south and Garnet Ave. going east to west. Garnet is where you will find the bar and shopping scene with some outliers close by on Mission blvd. Here is a great list of places to visit while you are in Pacific Beach.
If you were wanting to lay out on the beach Law st. is a great place to do it(North Pacific Beach)! Most days you will see all the windsurfers there, and can walk just a little south on the beach to watch all the long boarders at tourmaline. Law st also has a great little grassy area on top of the hill that drops straight down to the beach, great for scenery pictures!
Enjoy some great beer and some amazing flat bread on their roof top deck. They have a great view and is perfect for a sunny San Diego day lunch. Located at the end of Grand st and Mission Blvd.
If you want to have a great dinner with upscale food and drinks than JRDN is a great restaurant right on the boardwalk with great views of the beach and sunset. The price is a little more expensive than other places in PB but definitely worth the experience. Located on the boardwalk at the end of Felspar st.
World Famous is a great breakfast/brunch spot to hit. It again is right on the boardwalk with a

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.52592
Retrieved Text: Wisconsin Historical Markers: The "Flume"
the Kiwanis Club of Eau Claire, Inc.
Looking east across Half Moon Lake from the northeast corner of Carson Park one sees the swimming beach and bath house. These structures are adjacent to the terminal point of a former engineering feat known then as the log flume. Essentially this flume, some called it a sluiceway, was part open canal and part underground tunnel. It was designed to divert logs from the Chippewa River just above the Dells Dam and float them from the river to Half Moon Lake (1.2 miles.) The lake would then serve as a holding pond where the logs could be held until the several saw mills located on the banks could saw them into the shingles, lath and dimension lumber that was to build the American West.
Starting in the 1850's the pineries north of Eau Claire yielded a bonanza of straight grained white pine logs to the lumberjacks' axes and crosscut saws. Cut and stacked in the winter, these logs, come spring high water, were floated down the tributaries into the Chippewa River and then down the Chippewa to the Mississippi. The floating logs marked for the many sawmills in the Eau Claire Area had to be separated from all the logs owned by companies with mills further down the river and held in Eau Claire until they could be sawed. A holding pond near the sawmills was the answer. Half Moon Lake made a perfect holding pond for the Sherman Mill located in the area close to where

########
Rank: 7
Score: 25.97023
Retrieved Text: Pacific City is home to the Dory Fishing Fleet. It is a charming fishing village that offers quiet beach combing, surfing, bird watching, and picnicking at Cape Kiwanda. A Pacific City vacation rental is just the place for family to reconnect and unwind.
Tierra Del Mar is almost undiscovered. A small, quiet community located 3 miles north of Pacific City. It offers an easy access, long flat beach with the best beach combing and surf fishing. A perfect stay on the Oregon Coast.
Neskowin is a small community off of Highway 101, just 8 miles north of Lincoln City, and 8 miles south of Pacific City. A great place to stroll on the beach and watch sunsets.
Hidden along the central Oregon Coast is a place where you can still enjoy the simple charm of a small beach town. Escape the hussle of everyday life with a vacation rental on the beautiful beaches of the Oregon Coast. This quiet, coastal community where you can go relax at your vacation home gazing over the ocean, walk out the door for a stroll in the sand, or go fishing along the Nestucca River. Located about 20 minutes north of Lincoln City and 25 minutes south of Tillamook, your vacation home rental is a short distance to shopping the Outlet Mall and other Tourist Attractions as well. Pacific City offers hiking, surfing, horseback riding, kayaking, ATV rentals, bicycle rentals, art galleries, wine tasting, brew pub, and shops. This is absolutely the best central Oregon Coast vacation spot available now. We offer beautiful

########
Rank: 8
Score: 25.928078
Retrieved Text: If you don’t see what you want??
Then use the Form at the bottom of this page and let us know your requirements or wish list.
Scroll thru the listings and click on the graphic on the left hand side for a detailed description of each property.
Manuae's offers 3 affordable fully self-contained garden units with facilities you need to enjoy your little slice of paradise.
This dwelling is only 8 years young and comprises of 4 bedroom and two bathroom over 2 levels. this home is located ABSOLUTE beachfront with a beautiful white sand beach at your doorstep.
Welcome to your own Private Sanctuary in paradise. Ultimate privacy, panoramic mountain views, and beauty in every detail.
This home was designed from its inception to provide an experience in which the body is refreshed, the senses awakened and where family relaxation is paramount.
Immaculately presented and completely turnkey, 3X 2 bedroom self contained apartments with top floor being a full sized home with office space and great views surrounding a 50,000 liter fresh water swimming pool , BBQ area and bar.
The FRANGI Building is now for sale on a 'as is where is' basis.
The "Pool Doctor" is an established part time lifestyle business (25 hours per week) which, if a new owner wishes, can easily become a full time business with great returns.
The Muri Beach Villa is located on Muri Beach , on the island of Rarotonga - Cook Islands with the Flame Tree restaurant adjacent and the Pacific Resort a short walk along the beach.
Aroha Villa, utterly superb, super luxury Villa. This

########
Rank: 9
Score: 25.796526
Retrieved Text: Throughout the year, the Beaver Marsh teems with life. Depending on the month, you may be serenaded by choirs of countless frogs, watch turtles swim among lily pads, glimpse a beaver nibbling on a willow branch, or hear northern cardinals call from snowy trees. The Beaver Marsh is among the most diverse natural communities in Cuyahoga Valley National Park (CVNP). The exceptional scenery and wildlife make it one of the park’s most popular destinations. Here you can enjoy photography, bird watching, and sharing nature with family and friends. Use this bulletin to deepen your understanding and enjoyment of this special resource.
The auto repair shop on Riverview Road.
Starting in the 19th century, land development drained the original wetland. The Ohio & Erie Canal came through. Darwin Carter had a dairy farm on part of the property. Just before the National Park Service purchased the land, an auto repair shop was here, surrounded by old cars and worn-out parts. During the establishment of CVNP, efforts by humans and beavers transformed this site back into a wetland. In 1984 the Portage Trail Group of the Sierra Club organized a site clean-up.
Together with the National Park Service, they hauled away car parts, bed springs, and accumulated trash. Plans for the property were unresolved; the young park was considering building a parking lot here. Around the same time, beavers started returning to the valley. They had been absent from Ohio for over a century, trapped out for their fur. Beavers built a system of dams that flooded the area. By altering

########
Rank: 10
Score: 25.775385
Retrieved Text: Located in Beaver Island State Park, NY, the curving boardwalk parallels a half-mile sandy beach. Taken at dusk, the sky was digitally enhanced, while the landscape was muted with gray tones.
SKU: KF010. Categories: Home Decor, Wall Art, Western New York. Tags: beach, black and white, boardwalk, Grand Island, sunset, Western New York, WNY.
Photo by Kristin D. Fundalinski. Located in Beaver Island State Park, NY, the curving boardwalk parallels a half-mile sandy beach. Taken at dusk, the sky was digitally enhanced, while the landscape was muted with gray tones.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 25.611687
Retrieved Text: We are looking for more local deals to highlight on the Oregon coast. If you know a special offering from a local restaurant, hotel, or shop along the Oregon coast please send us a message we would love to share the information.
A couple of popular deals in the North coast between Tillamook and Rockaway Beach are the all you can eat oysters and all you can eat fish and chips at the Pacific Oyster in Bay City and Taco tuesday at the Lakeside Hideaway in Rockaway Beach.
On Wednesday’s it is all about the oysters at the Pacific Oysters in Bay City. You can have them served, fried, grilled, or sauteed. Served with a side of crispy french fries and fresh cole slaw.
On Friday, the Fish and Chips is the all you can eat special, a traditional white cod fish that is breaded and served with a side of fries and slaw.
Driving north on HWY 101 from Tillamook, the Pacific Oyster is located at the end of the dock in Bay City where the Pacific Seafood is located. It will be a large blue building on your left alongside the bay.
On Tuesday nights from 4-6PM during Summer and all dinner hours the rest of the year, grab $1 tacos in either soft shell or hard shell. Served like a traditional American style taco you can add salsa and sour cream if you want, otherwise its beef, cheese, tomatoes, and lettuce. Dose’em in hot sauce and they are good to go. Lakeside is located on the North end

########
Rank: 12
Score: 25.518436
Retrieved Text: Located in Algonquin Park, the Beaver Pond Trail is a great spot to learn about Canada's national animal, the beaver. Along this 2 kilometer loop you will pass through some great Canadian wilderness including lakes, creeks, cliff tops and of course, beaver dams.
Parking is located on Highway 60 near the kilometer 45 marker (N45 35.520 W078 20.405). The trail is has a wide range of difficulty so come prepared with comfortable hiking boots and lots of water. The trail head is located at the west side of the parking, be sure to grab a copy of the trail guide which includes a map and explanations of the numbered sign posts. You can borrow the guide book for free but if you wish to take it home there is a post where you can deposit $0.50.
From here you'll cross the bridge to start the hike. Just across the bride is your first (and only) fork in the trail, you'll want to turn left as the trail to the right is where the hike will end. The first few hundred metres of the trail is downhill and quite rocky but will eventually open up to a great view of a beaver pond complete with a den.
After the small lookout the trail turns into a boardwalk which allows you to cross the pond. From the boardwalk you can get some closer views of the pond to the right and the meadow to the left. The meadow is a good example of the ecological changes a beaver can make on

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.506542
Retrieved Text: National Park Week – April 15 to 23, 2017 – is the time to highlight some great hiking trails in the Lewis and Clark National Historical Park to enjoy during your vacation in Astoria. The Fort to Sea Trail and its associated trails are great choices for nature lovers and history buffs alike. The Trail winds through the Oregon landscape where Clatsop Indians once lived, and Lewis and Clark’s Corps of Discovery explored and documented during their expedition in 1805-1806.
Beginning at the Visitor Center at Fort Clatsop, you’ll hike 6.5 miles through forest, pastures, and dunes to Sunset Beach on the Pacific coast. The first two miles bring you to the top of Clatsop Ridge, and your first view of the Pacific. From there, the trail leads through woods and pastures, then gentle dunes and beach woods to reach the beach. If you’re looking for wildlife, you might see deer, elk, beaver, bear or eagles along the way. Returning to Fort Clatsop on the Trail will make the total length of your hike 13 miles; alternatively, arrange for a cab or other transportation to meet you at Sunset Beach. To hike the trail from the ocean to the Fort, begin at the Sunset Beach/Fort to Sea Trailhead on Sunset Beach Lane, Warrenton, Oregon. For details about this moderate difficulty hike, visit the AllTrails website.
You have lots of options for shorter hikes along parts the Trail as well: From the Fort’s Visitor Center trailhead, a short ½ mile loop is great for families with small children or

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.422346
Retrieved Text: Outstanding titled 5,000 sq. meter lot located on Panama's Pacific coast approximately 1 hours drive from Panama capital city - Panama. Enjoy Pacific Ocean views and salt and pepper beach Within walking distance to Playa Gorgona Playa Gorgona is located just of the Pan American Highway and not far from the Coronado and Malibu beach communities where you will find great shopping, restaurants, groceries and modern medical facilities.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.380396
Retrieved Text: Located at the southernmost tip of the Baja California Peninsula in Mexico, Los Cabos includes the resort cities of San José del Cabo and the more widely known Cabo San Lucas. The 20-mile corridor of beachfront properties and golf courses between the two cities is known as the Los Cabos Corridor. The Los Cabos area is well known for its ideal climate and geography, as well as resorts, sports fishing, and golf courses.
My top recommendation for anyone visiting Los Cabos is to hop on a water taxi from Medano Beach and go see the arch of Cabo San Lucas (locally known as El Arco), an incredible rock formation where the Pacific Ocean becomes the Gulf of California. Once near the arch, I would further recommend you ask the taxi to drop you off at Lover’s Beach, with the Sea of Cortez on one side and the Pacific Ocean on the other. It is the perfect place to spend a few hours laying in the sun and playing in the water.
Medano Beach is known for its soft white sands and calm warm waters. The main strip can be quite busy but creates an unforgettable atmosphere that can only be described as a party paradise. If you’re looking for action, look no further. Head on down to Medano Beach, grab yourself a margarita and take a quick photo of yourself with the Land’s End arch before you get too distracted with one of the many other beach activities. You can chill out and relax in the sun or

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.36282
Retrieved Text: Curious Mule Deer beside Glenns Lake along the Stoney Indian Trail. Glacier National Park. Montana.
Mule deer siblings along the trail near Glenns Lake along the Stoney Indian trail section of the Pacific Northwest Trail. Glacier National Park.
Young Grizzly Bear near Stoney Indian Pass Trail along the Pacific Northwest Trail. Glacier National Park. Montana.
Stoney Indian Pass along the Stoney Indian trail section of the Pacific Northwest Trail. Glacier National Park. Montana.
Infinite Dust on Brown Pass along the boulder pass trail section of The Pacific Northwest Trail. Glacier National Park. Montana.
Hamlet of Pole Bridge along The Pacific Northwest Trail. Just outside West border of Glacier National Park. Montana.
Rodeo at Eureka Montana, a fun divergence along the Pacific Northwest Trail.
Infinite Dust taking a break in Eureka Montana.
Fire lookout atop Webb Mountain along the the Pacific Northwest Trail. Kootenai National Forest, Montana.
Turner Falls in the Purcell Mountains along the Pacific Northwest Trail. Kootenai National Forest, Montana.
Trail through old growth Cedars along Venal Creek near Turner Falls in the Purcell Mountains along the Pacific Northwest Trail. Kootenai National Forest, Montana.
Dirty Shame Saloon in the hamlet of Yaak along the Pacific Northwest Trail. Montana.
Impressionistic image of forest along the West Fork of the Yaak River along the Pacific Northwest Trail. Kootenai National Forest, Montana.
Clearing storm from Abercrombie Mountain Colville National Forest, Washington.
Black Bear along Sweat Creek. Clackamas Mt. Okanogan National Forest, Washington.
Bonapart Lake from Pipsissewa point scenic overlook. Okanogan National Forest, Washington.
Trail through grove of old growth Western Red Cedar, Big Beaver Valley. North Cascades National Park. Washington.
Mountain Dogwood (Bunchberry) on trunk

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.266954
Retrieved Text: Pacific Beach Houses are among the most desirable in the San Diego area. Let me ask you a question. Who doesn't want to live at the beach? I've been to Pacific Beach on many different occasions and it never gets old. Try going there during the summer and tell me you don't like it.
If you are an interested buyer, properties types consists of detached single family homes, condos, townhomes and multi-unit complexes. Pacific Beach Homes for Sale range from $200,000 to several million for Ocean Front Property.
PB is located within the city of San Diego, between the Pacific Ocean and Mission Bay Park which is a 4,500 acre water recreation area that is a vacation paradise. Just north of Pacific Beach along the coast is La Jolla and just south is Mission Beach, Ocean Beach and San Diego.
This area is well-known for its nightlife, coffee houses, nightclubs and restaurants. Most of the retail is located on Garnet Avenue and Mission Boulevard. Beyond this area the neighborhoods exude a small town, relaxed atmosphere with most businesses locally owned.
If you are an investor, buying rental property in this beach community almost guarantees good rental income. Who doesn’t like to live at the beach? If you are looking to make Pacific Beach, CA your home, two of the most popular area’s are Crown Point and Tourmaline (a great surfing spot).
In Pacific Beach there were a total of 219 homes sold at an average price of $1,000,000. Prices ranged from $245,000 to just over $5,000,000. Great opportunity for investors (who

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.224789
Retrieved Text: Driving up PCH, top down, alongside Malibu Beach in perfect weather taking in the smells and fantastic views of the coast, there is nothing like it.
This strip of prime Pacific coastline is nick-named "Bu" by the locals and surfers. It is also home to many famous people in the entertainment industry.
Zuma Beach. The locals just call it Zuma. 30000 Pacific Coast Highway, Malibu. It’s more than 2 miles long and has one of the finest strands of white-tanned sand in California. It has plenty of parking, restrooms, showers and concession stands. This beach is great for swimming, fishing, sun bathing, people watching and the waves are great for body surfing. They also have volleyball courts and Lifeguards are on duty during daylight hours.
El Pescador, La Piedra and El Matador is where you want to be if you are seeking solitude. Each has 20 to 40 parking spots and rough trails or stairways down to the beaches. The largest and most beautiful is El Matador with rock arches and a few picnic tables. It's easy to miss the small, brown sign pointing toward the tiny parking lot at the trailhead leading to El Matador, so keep your eyes wide open between Broad Beach and Decker Canyon roads.
Point Dume is a truly awesome beach. It’s less crowded than the ever-lasting party at Zuma. Point Dume is where locals and tourists in-the-know travel for a quieter beach experience. This is my favorite Malibu Beach. It’s located at 7103 Westward Road, Malibu. There are restrooms, showers, picnic tables, lifeguards, enough

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.218092
Retrieved Text: Located about 30 miles offshore from the City of Charlevoix, Beaver Island is the largest island in Lake Michigan and the largest of the 14 islands that make up the Beaver Island Archipelago. At 56 square miles, Beaver Island is unique for many reasons, including a beautiful natural environment with plentiful sand dunes, beaches and wetlands, a distinctly diverse ecology, and a close-knit community with a proud Island heritage.
The Beaver Island Water Trail is a 42-mile (68 km) paddling trail that circumnavigates the entire Island. While some parts of the Island (such as Paradise Bay and inland lakes) are more family-friendly areas to paddle, most of the Water Trail is geared toward adventure paddlers who are comfortable paddling in the unpredictable conditions of Lake Michigan and accustomed to rustic access sites and overnight beach camping. If you are a novice paddler, consider a trip to the Island’s harbor or inland lakes, or consider hiring a paddling guide.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 25.190716
Retrieved Text: Mira Vista is a luxurious two bedroom two bath home located on a cliff overlookin­g the Pacific Ocean about six miles north of Gold Beach, Oregon.
Gold beach is about 35 miles North of the California Border. This beautiful cliffside homes has spectacula­r views stretching for miles both up and down the coast!
Imagin­e yourself surrounded by luxury in this cliffside home overlookin­g the Pacific Ocean.
This southweste­rn style adobe home's ambience will warm you with it's rich colors and vibrant atmosphere­. With the pounding of the surf at your feet and the views stretching for miles in all directions­, you will finally know that you are home!
After a short refreshing walk to the shared beach access, spend your days taking long walks on the beach looking for agates, exploring tide pools that are bursting with marine life, fly kites, or watch for the gray whales that migrate up and down the Pacific Coast. In the evening panoramic sunsets form the backdrop to the 240° view of Nesika Beach, the Pacific Ocean, Port Orford, and in the distance Cape Blanco. As pink sunset gives way to deep purple twilight, relax by the open gas fireplace or just enjoy taking in pure ocean air. When all is done, drift to sleep wrapped in comfort and style while the sounds of the ocean calm and restore you.
Golf, Hiking, River Fishing, Ocean Fishing, Jet Boating, National Parks, Whale Watching, Wind Surfing, Shopping, Museums, Animal Park, and more!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 25.06906
Retrieved Text: Spectacular Tofino, British Columbia is the destination for outdoor recreation vacations, offering some of the most consistent surf in the world. Stunning old growth rain forests provide the backdrop to the breathtaking beaches, where you’ll enjoy surfing, beach combing, sport fishing, storm watching, sea kayaking and whale watching.The area is also full of hiking trails for all skill levels. Originally a quaint fishing town, Tofino is now home to approximately 1,800 friendly residents who experience the best of both worlds: small town atmosphere mixed with ecotourism and luxurious amenities.
Visit us at our main store for a coffee, to book your lesson or to check out our amazing selection of Billabong, Ripcurl and Surf Sister Brand clothing. You can also find us at The Surf Shack located steps from Cox Bay at Pacific Sands Resort.
The Surf Sister shop (or “Shredquarters as we like to call it) is located at 625 Campbell St. All classes meet at the shop (across from the Days Inn) where you will fill out our registration form and make your payment. From there you will make your way to the beach (transportation is not provided to and from the beach).
Take either the Horseshoe Bay Ferry or Tsawassen Ferry to Nanaimo. From there drive north on Highway 19 until you get to the Qualicum Beach exit. Take the Qualicum exit and drive west on Highway 4 through to Port Alberni. From there follow the signs to Tofino and the Pacific Rim National Park. We are located on left side of the main highway into

########
Rank: 22
Score: 25.065538
Retrieved Text: Beautiful Hermosa Sunset Property with Spectacular Views in a Prime location of the Pacific Region of Costa Rica!
Beautiful Hermosa Sunset property. Imagine taking in the sunset from your infinity pool looking out over the Pacific Ocean, THAT is the reason you moved to Costa Rica! This stunning home is located in the hills of Hermosa Beach.
Features a large living room with retractable glass doors for the open air experience, ample decks around the Infinity swimming pool with waterfall, a Jacuzzi, exclusive and small gated community, fully equipped kitchen, B.B.Q right next to the pool. The home features 2 master suites with spa showers and 1 guest bedroom/office with ensuite.Located an easy 300 meter walk to the beach and 5 minutes from downtown Jaco. This home is a must see!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 25.063396
Retrieved Text: He’s included So Cal spirits from Huntington Beach (Surf City Still Works), Los Angeles (Greenbar Distillery) and from Northern California (St. George and Breaker). Two cocktails sport Cali song names.
Nov 01, 2018 · The pier at Huntington Beach is not only beautiful. It’s also a great place for taking in a California Sunset, for fishing or for people watching.
The essence and soul of Southern California food cooked over a live fire. Eat, sip, and soak in the views of Huntington Beach from our oceanfront patio or Treehouse rooftop bar.
Adjacent to the Huntington Beach Pier, Paséa Hotel & Spa features a spa center and watersports facilities. The resort has an outdoor pool and sun terrace.
As a top Poipu hotel, Ko’a Kea hotel and resort brings you the best in luxury. This Poipu, Kawaii resort features premier accommodations, amenities, and more.
Located just steps from the Huntington Beach Pier, at the heart of a vibrant and emerging community, Paséa Hotel & Spa is a modern oasis with an unrivaled.
Photo of Paséa Hotel & Spa – Huntington Beach, CA, United States. Chic. Chic oceanfront rooms. Photo of Paséa Hotel & Spa – Huntington Beach, CA, United.
A man intentionally jumped to his death Tuesday from the sixth floor of JW Marriott Desert Springs Resort in Palm Desert, coroner’s officials said in a statement. The man was identified by the coroner.
The Orange County district includes Huntington Beach, Seal Beach and parts of Westminster. the race is too close to call a.
A 40-foot-wide rock climbing wall is the centerpiece of the new fitness

########
Rank: 24
Score: 25.03571
Retrieved Text: Tula House is located on a remote island, at the edge of a cliff, 44 feet above the Pacific Ocean. The topography of the site is highly irregular; the prospects diverse. Views to the east stretch over the open water and islands of the Strait of Georgia to the mountain ranges on the mainland of British Columbia. Views to the south overlook a small tidal basin. Moss covered basalt hills are interspersed among treed expanses and richly vegetated crevices, valleys and swales. Stands of red alder and big-leafed maple enliven the predominantly dark fir forest. The beach below the house is littered with the flotsam and jetsam of the ocean where logs and rocks have been tossed around by the tides and storms like a child’s game of “pickup sticks”. One site is actually many sites.
The geometric and spatial order of the house reflects the casual irregularity of rock ledges, beach and forest. Low rock walls edge a gravel approach to the house. A loose arrangement of concrete walls, clad in staggered fibre-cement panels, begins to describe space. These panels are black in color. From a distance, the house visually recedes into the dark forest. The roof, planted in moss and native ground covers, appears from above to be continuous with the surrounding ground plane.
Groundwater flows continuously through the site where it is captured momentarily within an entry courtyard. The ground plane of the courtyard and interior floor of the house are large shard-like concrete plates. Within the house, spaces are defined by a series of

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.933634
Retrieved Text: You can shower under the falls!
Remnants of the Puritan shipwreck nearby!
A bit surreal in such a remote feeling place, but it is so elaborate that it makes you look around for permanent residents! You won't find any permanent human residents, however, you will encounter some wildlife as there always seems to be a bear or two walking the shoreline between Bonilla Point and Carmanah Creek in the early morning hours.
The campsite at Bonilla Creek has some beautiful characteristics. First the cute, Bonilla Falls have a perfect little pool to dunk yourself in and wash off the days hiking grime. The falls hide at the edge of the forest and once you reach them you feel like you are in a secluded little world. The falls are often bathed in sunshine and the water lights up to a brilliant green colour. Second, the campsite is quite good with lots of varied places to put up a tent as well as some driftwood structures out on the beach. Withing the forest you find all sorts of strange constructions out of things washed up on the beach. At the far end of the campsite you find a characteristically lovely outhouse hidden in the trees. The third wonderful aspect of the Bonilla Creek campsite is the sunsets. They are sensational. Bright orange, with the narrow islands in the distance topped by improbable looking trees. Added to that, you have a relatively quiet campsite compared to other West Coast Trail campsites.
At the 46k mark of the West Coast Trail, Carmanah Creek

########
Rank: 26
Score: 24.925484
Retrieved Text: Business company METESIS GROUP, INC. is a legal entity registered under the law of State Nevada. Company is located in the register with the Company number C1745-1987 and with the national number of State Nevada NV19871018438. This legal entity was firstly registered on 12th March 1987 under the legal form of Domestic Corporation. Its registered agent is ANDREW A. CHUDD with the seat at 2716 BEAVER CREEK COURT SUITE 201, LAS VEGAS, 89117, NV licensed as Noncommercial Registered Agent. Current company’s status is Permanently Revoked.
The company METESIS GROUP, INC. is managed by 6 persons in total. The persons responsible for business activities are ANDREW A CHUDD with the seat at 2716 BEAVER CREEK, SUITE 201, LAS VEGAS, 89117, NV as President , ANDREW A CHUDD with the seat at 2716 BEAVER CREEK, SUITE 201, LAS VEGAS, 89117, NV as President , MARGARET A CHUDD with the seat at 2716 BEAVER CREEK, SUITE 201, LAS VEGAS, 89117, NV as Secretary , MARGARET A CHUDD with the seat at 2716 BEAVER CREEK, SUITE 201, LAS VEGAS, 89117, NV as Treasurer , MARGARET A CHUDD with the seat at 2716 BEAVER CREEK, SUITE 201, LAS VEGAS, 89117, NV as Secretary , MARGARET A CHUDD with the seat at 2716 BEAVER CREEK, SUITE 201, LAS VEGAS, 89117, NV as Treasurer .
INTERNATIONAL INTERNET AND WIRELESS GAMING ASSOCIATION, INC.
PACIFIC SOUTHWEST FINANCIAL & INSURANCE SERVICES, INC.
RIO DEL NORTE MANAGEMENT, INC.
DAVID WEBB (LAS VEGAS), INC.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.915533
Retrieved Text: The historic town of Collingwood Ontario has always been an important economic driver in the region and a year round recreational playground for Southern Ontario, especially those from the GTA (Greater Toronto Area).
Located about 2 ½ hours north of Toronto on the southern shores of Georgian Bay just 11 kilometres (6.7) miles west along the coast from Wasaga Beach this small Simcoe County town has become one of Canada's fastest growing communities over the last 20 years and almost 20,000 people now call it home.
A well-developed resort and retirement community has developed with many of the recent arrivals coming from Toronto and they have developed a "chic" little town that is near picture perfect.
All the downtown buildings have been restored or renovated and are filled with high-end articles and various over priced bric a brac. Restaurants and café's abound and in the summer the downtown is filled with a constant stream of tourists. This is by no means diminishing the area is as it is simply beautiful and the town does occupy a very scenic spot on the Bay.
Originally founded in the late 1858 after the railroad was extended to the area in 1855 the deepwater habour immediately became a shipping centre to the Upper Great Lakes and Collingwood Ontario quickly became one of the Province's major shipbuilding centres.
In the early 1900's the natural beauty began to attract tourists and the recreational opportunities that Mother Nature offered began to be developed. Being so close to Wasaga Beach didn't hurt but the nearby Blue Mountains made the

########
Rank: 28
Score: 24.89486
Retrieved Text: We will go to one of the longest beaches on the Salvadoran coast, located in the Department of La Paz, where we will be able to enjoy a beautiful and sunny day in the Pacific Paradise Hotel beside the Pacific Ocean.
Located only 30 minutes from the international airport, the Costa del Sol is the beach with the most advanced tourist facilities in the country. Beautiful privates houses, clubs, hotels and restaurants constructed in front of the sea, offer diversion and comfort. Particularly famous for the color of its sunsets, this beach has access to the Jaltepeque estuary where fishing, water skiing, boat trips and bird watching in the natural habitat of the mangroves are daily activities.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 24.85824
Retrieved Text: Beaver Creek is ideally located in the beautiful village of Empire. Enjoy the convenience of in town living, as all of Empire”s offerings (beach, shops, restaurants, medical care) are minutes away. Beaver Creek is an excellent home base for exploring our area’s splendors! Empire is in the middle of the Sleeping Bear National Lakeshore and M-72 offers a direct route to Traverse City. Parcels are ready to go, with established infrastructure—municipal water, underground elecrtric, phone, cable tv/internet. Roads are village maintained and ownership comes WITHOUT ASSOCIATION FEES. Beaver Creek is a wonderful place to build your home and live the Northern Michigan dream!

================



======= Instance Index 6 =========
Input Text: A big fountain was the center piece of the renovation, it had all been paid for by a grant to the what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- city
- state
- front of casino
- rome
- public place

Target Text: city

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 32.024113
Retrieved Text: (Swainsboro, December 7, 2017) – The Fox Theatre Institute (FTI), a division of Atlanta’s Fox Theatre, Inc., has awarded Swainsboro’s Historic Dixie Theatre a Historic Preservation Grant for $61,576 to support the renovation of the theatre, allowing for repairs to the stucco and historic plaster, window and door instillation, and other important rehabilitation steps in preserving this community landmark. In addition to grant funding assistance, FTI also offers programing and consulting assistance to historic theatres and structures throughout Georgia.
“Being a recipient of a Fox Theatre grant is quite an honor and one that we as a community are grateful for. This project began because of the foresight and vision of community leaders that saw great potential in what is an iconic piece of our county’s history. It is exciting to see this project come to fruition. The grant provided by the Fox, in addition to the donations from private citizens, guarantees this project to be a success. I am humbled by the donation from the Fox and am appreciative of their willingness to see the groundwork that is in place and offer their guidance and support as we move forward,” said project co-chair, Kristin Hall.
As part of its ongoing commitment to Georgia’s historic theaters, the Fox Theatre’s newly expanded 2017-18 FTI grant program seeks to provide significant economic and cultural impact to local communities across the state.
The FTI program has committed more than $1 million since launching in 2008. The Historic Preservation Grant is one of four grant funding categories through FTI – including Historic Structures

########
Rank: 1
Score: 30.709198
Retrieved Text: We’ve seen Grant Park before, first in my post on Taste of Chicago, and then again in my post on Millennium Park (and we will see it once more in what will likely be my next Northern Illinois Destinations post, which is likely to be on the Art Institute of Chicago). I grew up within walking distance of a suburban park that was, according to my figures, about 30 acres. At 319 acres, you could fit that neighborhood park inside Grant Park over 10 times. This made Grant Park seem like the biggest park ever to me. Of course, it isn’t. It isn’t even the largest park in Chicago (though we never spent much time in Lincoln, Jackson, or Washington Parks, which are all larger than Grant Park, and none of these parks that I’ve mentioned are even among the hundred largest parks in the country).
While the land of the then-Lake Park was to have been left open to keep the view of the lake available to everyone, over time buildings accumulated in the park, including a three-story exposition center where the Art Institute of Chicago building stands today. The Illinois Central Railroad also got a right-of-way along the lake shore in 1869. I am not sure what that did to the view, since they were in the process of raising the street level to alleviate flooding (and the consequent health hazards). I think they must have raised the park. After the Great Fire in 1871, they enlarged the park with debris from the fire, and

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.33698
Retrieved Text: Chicago Park District owns more than 8,100 acres of green space, making it one of the largest municipal park managers in the nation. Chicago Park District offers programs for youth, adults, and seniors. The park offers plenty of activities and is responsible for 26 indoor pools, 51 outdoor pools, and 26 miles of lakefront including 23 swimming beaches plus one inland beach.
Popular attractions that fall under the management of the Chicago Park District include the Clarence Buckingham Memorial Fountain, which is located in Grant Park. Proudly referred to as Chicago's front yard, Grant Park is among the city's loveliest and most prominent parks. Chicago Park District encourages people to get involved and volunteer and welcome the idea of being apart of the park!
For it's renovation efforts, the Chicago Park District sought out a durable, yet attractive locker solution that would give the facilities a more modern look and protect patrons' belongings. Park District wanted a solution that would last for years and one that they wouldn't have to replace.
Bradley Lenox® Lockers were the perfect fit for the park.The Lenox® Lockers have an ergonomic, ADA-compliant handle which operates less than five pound of force. The handle is secured through the door latch bar with stainless steel security screws. The one-piece locker box is designed to be rigid and secure. According to Anthony Hayes, project manager in facility management for Chicago park District, "Bradley's plastic lockers have been a money saver for the district, and we have not had any maintenance problems. We're very pleased with them."

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.193556
Retrieved Text: The renovated Revson Fountain at magic hour.
As soon as the Revson Fountain at New York City’s Lincoln Center went active in April of 1964, it became the visual anchor for the plaza’s three main theaters as well as an oasis for waiting theatergoers basking in its cool mist on summer evenings. Not only was it the most technologically advanced water display in the city, but it was an oft-visited destination for many feature films. Over the years, like an aging human, its circulatory powers began to fade; the fountain lost “head” or vertical thrust due to multiple problems that included leaky valves. Until its renovation last autumn, it was not unusual to stroll across the plaza on the way to the Met Opera and not see or hear its welcoming presence.
Of all of Rome’s fountains this is the most iconic, an obligatory tourist destination, and where I found myself on a late July evening two summers ago—filming a scene for a romantic comedy. As soon as the lights went on for a take, the several hundred young people watching us (it was after 3 am after all) decided to become movie stars; they leaped across the fountain’s chains by the dozens and dove into the pool. No sooner did the carabinieri reel in one group than the next one followed. We got a printed take of the short scene simply because all the dripping spectators had run off down the intersecting streets, flashing police lights in hot pursuit. One can't help but wonder: What is this

########
Rank: 4
Score: 30.131918
Retrieved Text: Originally designed in the early 1900’s, this full masonry home had been neglected for years. The main goal for the renovation was to maintain the historic character of the home. Many items were repurposed into the design, such as an intricate medallion adorned with the family’s crest above the main entrance.
A free-standing outdoor fireplace was built from stone found around the property to compliment the outdoor patio. An original fountain was also refurnished to use in the patio area as a feature piece within the garden landscape.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 29.900787
Retrieved Text: I was round my friends house the other night and realised I hadn’t shared with you my Roma experience!
I went with no expectations of Rome but I am soooo glad I went as it is such a lovely place, the buildings and churches are stunning, the people are lovely and despite what some people have said it wasn’t too expensive either!
On our first day we were disappointed to see that the Trevi Fountain was under renovation, but we still joined the queue and walked through the walkway. We then headed over to the Pantheon and I was blown away by its beauty and just the sheer size of it.
The following day we headed out to Naples and Pompeii, we literally had 45 minutes in Naples and I wasn’t too impressed, there was a lot of graffiti, but it may have just been the parts we saw! Pompeii was interesting and as a complete skeptic I did have to ask if it did really happen as the pillars are sooo big I struggled to believe that they could have been completely covered.
We also did a tour of Vatican City, Colosseum, Palentine Hill and The Roman Forum. All the tours and sites were fantastic, there are things in Vatican City that you never see again in your life and the art is sooo beautiful it’s hard to believe that it is all hand painted or made out of one piece of granite or marble. Rome was very hot when we were there and often we struggled to find

########
Rank: 6
Score: 29.075142
Retrieved Text: Behind two massive, rosette-studded doors, temporarily sealed from the eyes -- and ears -- of readers, the Main Reading Room of the New York Public Library resonates with the rapping, whining and screeching of hammers, drills and saws.
Accompanied by Elton John on a raspy radio, workers this week were patching the creamy old marble floors and treating the bronze frames of the new audiovisual carrels. Every moment counts. The enormous chamber is to reopen Nov. 16 after a $15 million, 16-month renovation.
Even now, the sweep of the transformation is plain to see. No longer a crumbling expanse of shadows, the 297-foot-long ceiling seems to open to the heavens through three newly painted trompe l'oeil murals. Clouds float beneath a cornflower-blue sky; some look like puffs of pink cotton candy, others like roiled gray-green ocean swells.
''We're dressing up an aristocratic dowager for her 90th birthday and making her look better than she did at her debut,'' said Lewis Davis of Davis Brody Bond, the architects responsible for the renovation of the Fifth Avenue building, known formally as the Center for the Humanities.
The paint has scarcely dried on the murals, but the library is already planning its next big project: the first significant above-ground addition since the building opened in 1911.
The $15 million addition will be a building within a building, filling much of the open-air South Court, which is now used for deliveries and parking. The new six-level structure will include a training center where the public can learn how to use the library's expanding electronic resources.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.404177
Retrieved Text: Over the past two years The Vermont Switchel Company has gone from a home-based kitchen project to an award-winning and fast-growing enterprise. By far, the best part of this business venture has been the people who, directly or indirectly, have had a hand in supporting our growth and development. From the friends and family who have filled bottles by hand in the early days to the grant we received from the Working Lands Enterprise Fund that means we no longer have to fill bottles by hand!
Vermont Switchel Company was one of the recipients of the first round of Working Lands Enterprise grants, and that grant has made a big difference for our company. We applied for the grant so that we could buy a modern bottler and “capper” – a piece of equipment that fills bottles and securely caps them and adheres to regulations. Little did we know that our $15,000 grant would leverage other funds and lead to a bigger investment that has helped several other businesses as well. After being awarded our grant and discovering that craft brewers had bought up all of the available affordable equipment, we partnered with the Vermont Food Venture Center to finance the purchase. This modernized equipment has allowed other businesses to benefit from the “4-spout bottler” so that their enterprises can grow also.
Our partnership with the Venture Center also includes workers. Rather than hiring our own employees, we are able to pay the Venture Center to manage our production and the workers, which allows us to focus on

########
Rank: 8
Score: 28.131964
Retrieved Text: Jul 11, BAHAWALPUR: Minister of State for Higher Education and Interior of Chowk Fawara, the minister said Bahawalpur's rich cultural heritage is a practical said reconstruction and renovation of Bahawalpur's historical gates is. Mar 22, British Queen Victoria presented a majestic fountain to Amir Sadiq Abbasi in This fountain was first affixed in Sadiq Garh Palace - the residence of Amir but in the Amir got it installed ceremonially in the centre of the city. The place where the fountain was set up. Jul 13, BAHAWALPUR - A historic fountain gifted to the late Nawab of former The site is today known as Fawara Chowk -the Fountain Square.
 History Prior to the independence of Pakistan, Bahawalpur was the No.2 Taya G Chowk Fawara Chowk Nawaz Sharif Bagh Gol Bagh Tajpura Bagh Akram . Cemetery The DHA Graveyard in Lahore, Pakistan is a Muslim cemetery in. Aug 15, In the first phase, flyovers will be constructed at Kalma Chowk while in the for the beautification of development projects first time in the history of Previous Post Fawara Chowk Shadman to Chaudhry Rehmat Ali Chowk August 13, DHA Lahore Multan Gujranwala Peshawar Bahawalpur Quetta. Jul 11, Monument: 'LED lights at Fawara Chowk will beautify it' the preservation and renovation of historic monuments in Bahawalpur,” DCO Read full story Monumental change: Take a round of DHA's roundabouts in Karachi.
Government of the Punjab 2-Kilometer Main Multan Road, Opposite EME-DHA Housing Society, Lahore Arazi Record Center, Tehsil Hafizabad Old Tehsil Complex, District Bahawalpur P: () . Near Fawara Chowk, District Rawalpindi.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 28.11015
Retrieved Text: For the past two decades the vision of this land has been expanded and developed into the beautiful, natural habitat it is today. Since 1992 volunteers have worked with the Park Board of Directors to remove the old wire bird pens, debris piles and tree limbs. The grounds are now manicured into beautiful lawns that are used for wedding photo settings, open fields for meadow birds and 99 acres of forest for wildlife to flourish, near the center of Town.
Throughout the years numerous improvements have been made in order to fulfill the Center’s goals for Fountain Park. First held on the grounds in 1993, Fountain Park was the permanent home of the annual Wilbraham Peach Festival. Between 2001 and 2002 many building improvements were made to the Brooder house barn and the gazebo. In 2011 the Wilbraham Nature and Cultural Center received a grant to begin renovations on the barn once again. It was the $110,000 Community Preservation Act funds awarded by the CPA committee and voted on by the town which made this possible. Science Education at the park began in 2001 with students conducting field education and experiments as well as observing seasonal changes in trees and plants in the meadows.
Fountain Park provides a beautiful setting for outside summer concerts each year. Thousands of people from all over Western Massachusetts come to Fountain Park to enjoy free musical entertainment by well-known professional musicians every summer. Fountain Park is open to the public daily from dawn until dusk.
Throughout three seasons of the year Fountain Park

########
Rank: 10
Score: 28.03751
Retrieved Text: 131 out of 174 visitors find this information valuable.
Throughout the ages, ‘Het Binnenhof’ in The Hague has been the center of politics in the Netherlands. All political matters and affairs of state were and still are discussed here. The buildings of Het Binnenhof and the rich history make a visit well worth your time.
Visit the center of Dutch politics.
Take a guided tour and visit the Ridderzaal, Eerste and Tweede Kamer.
Without a doubt, the most eye-catching part of the Binnenhof is the Ridderzaal (Knights’ Hall). This monumental building was erected in the 13th and 14th centuries as the castle of the Counts of Holland, although its current design was completed towards the end of the last century. The building that had been neglected for a long time was renovated under the leadership of Chief Government Architect C.H. Peters, reconstructing the great timber roof. P.J.H. Cuypers was involved in the renovation as an advisor and also designed the fountain in front of the Ridderzaal, which features a statue of the Dutch Count and Elector William II.
The Ridderzaal was originally built as a large hall for hunting parties organised for the Counts of Holland, as well as being used as a courtroom. The ‘Luistervinken’ or ’eavesdroppers’, strange wooden faces with one great ear on the side that are mounted on the sides of the beams, date from this time. When court cases were being heard, the accused were admonished to tell the truth because a higher power was listening in and heard all through the big ear.
The visitors center

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.854158
Retrieved Text: With news that one of the world’s coolest fountains may or may not be on the chopping block, travelers can take heart knowing there are more incredible water displays out there.
In ancient Greece and Rome, fountains were designed to bring water to the people from nearby springs and aqueducts. Of course, such structures have evolved to become things of beauty.
These days, people the world over stand in awe as incredible amounts of water are shot into the sky while synched to music.
One of the greatest examples of the modern fountain era, the Dubai Fountain stands at the foot of the Burj Khalifa and steps from the Dubai Mall. The world’s tallest “performing fountain" attracts hordes of tourists on a daily basis, spanning more than 900 feet in length and situated on the 30-acre Burj Lake.
More than 6,600 WET Superlights illuminate the fountain along with 25 color projectors.
As the fountain performs to any number of classical, contemporary, Arabic or world music tunes, more than 22,000 gallons of water shoots into the air. It is quite a spectacle and a must when visiting Dubai.
If you are headed to Xian, China, the gardens surrounding the Big Wild Goose Pagoda are magnificent. These were constructed to highlight the importance of the pagoda and are home to Asia’s largest musical fountain, found in the North Square.
The T-shape display covers an area of approximately 15,000 square meters in three areas: the hundred-meter Waterfall Pool, the eight-level Plunge Pool and the Prelude Music Pool.
As the music starts, the central square comes alive with

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.85163
Retrieved Text: Guggenheim Bilbao Museum is illuminated with the "Reflections" mapping projection by the video design company 59 Productions during the celebrations of the 20th anniversary of the museum in Bilbao on October 11, 2017.
Twenty years ago this month, Frank Gehry’s masterful Guggenheim Museum in Bilbao, Spain, fired an architectural shot heard ’round the world.
Its revolutionary, shimmering mass of titanium catapulted Gehry to global stardom and spawned scores of imitators who tried (and mostly failed) to duplicate the much-hyped “Bilbao effect,” whose starry-eyed adherents claimed that an eye-grabbing building could single-handedly resurrect a dying industrial city.
Largely forgotten, though, is the way structural engineers from the big Chicago firm of Skidmore, Owings & Merrill (SOM) helped create Gehry’s tour de force and the impact, in turn, that the Guggenheim Bilbao had on the city’s greatest design triumph of the early 21st century — Millennium Park.
Once Gehry signed on as the architect of the park’s Jay Pritzker Pavilion, just two years after his Spanish art museum became a global sensation, the aesthetic ambitions of the park’s backers soared. Without Gehry’s involvement, there might have been no Cloud Gate, no Crown Fountain and little of the spillover effect that has spawned billions of dollars in new construction and renovation in the blocks around the park.
The Gehry-SOM collaboration began with a waterfront hotel that SOM designed for the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona. Gehry’s major contribution to the project was a large-scale, gold-colored fish sculpture. He developed it with the aid of CATIA, a computer software program invented to design construction documents

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.668947
Retrieved Text: Atlanta’s public monuments are narrative components of the historic landscapes of the City. They are in jeopardy from ongoing disregard.
Demolition, removal, vandalism, theft and lack of maintenance are also evident in Atlanta’s oldest public park, Grant Park. In this park the following are known to be missing; 2 cannon, sculptures of an angel and a stag, a marble sundial and a monument to Colonel Grant.
A major restoration of a public monument was accomplished by the APC in the spring of 2012. The Sidney Lanier monument on the east side of the Piedmont Park's Active Oval now stands with all of its components in tact. For more on this preservation success click here.
Smith Park and Fountain, located at the intersection of Monroe and Piedmont road, is one of the remaining vestiges of the foundations of Atlanta. Created from land donated by a few of the developers of the Morningside Lenox Park neighborhood, it would be named for one of their own, James Robert Smith. When the park was dedicated in 1932, a small plaque was erected to honor Mr. Smith, saying of him: "a man so zealously devoted to the growth and civic betterment of our fair city, Atlanta". Since that time, the park and fountain has served its community for over 80 years. In recent years however, the fountain and surrounding pond have run dry and allowed the fountain to deteriorate. The Atlanta Preservation Center advocates for the restoration and preservation of this monument due to its significance to the formation of one of our historic

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.582106
Retrieved Text: Rob Smith, a consultant with Depco LLC, a mechatronics equipment company, shows some of the training center, including an automated material-handling robot (right) in the Young Entrepreneurs Classroom in the new Carrollton Schools POWER Training and outdoor learning center during an open house Friday in Carrollton. Photo from Times Recorder.
Why it matters: Thanks to new revenue generated by the oil and gas boom and grants from the state, the Carrollton Exempted Village Schools District has been able to build a new training center for students and is making plans to build a new K-12 building. School and local officials attribute the growth to the oil and gas boom, which has transformed Carroll County over the past couple of years.
For Carrollton Exempted Village Schools, 2015 is looking to be a year of big changes — all of them positive, school officials say.
On Friday, the district held an open house for its new POWER Training Center and broke ground for a compressed natural gas fueling station for its buses.
In the fall, it will introduce new science and technology classes for its students. And in July, Carrollton should hear from the Ohio School Facilities Commission on whether the district will receive state aid to build a new K-12 facility at no cost to Carroll County taxpayers.
“Great things are happening,” Superintendent David Quattrochi told invited guests before a tour of the POWER Training Center and outdoor learning center.
Both school and local officials attribute this good fortune to the oil and gas boom, which has transformed Carroll County during the past

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.58146
Retrieved Text: Marked as a top conservation target for the island state of Chuuk for its health and significance, and known as a sacred area for generations, the Chunuf forest area is part of the West Fefen Area of Biodiversity Significance. The forest is home to several endangered and threatened bird, plant, and tree species. With a population of over 400, the Onongoch community on Fefen Island has, due to traditional practices and certain chiefly taboos, conserved and worked around the forest for many years, and wants it to be officially recognized as a conservation area. The Chuuk Conservation Society is providing assistance in the creation of a management plan for the new forest reserve.
Seacology is funding the construction of a meeting hall with office space, as well as 10 500-gallon water tanks and 10 toilets for the neediest members of the community, in exchange for an agreement to protect 15 acres of pristine upland forest as a no-take area in perpetuity.
In late March 2015, Typhoon Maysak hammered Chuuk, damaging the water tanks and community hall Seacology had funded in 2010. We approved a small grant so the community could make repairs.
May 2015 - In late March 2015, Typhoon Maysak hammered Chuuk, damaging the water tanks and community hall Seacology had funded in 2010. We approved a small grant so the community could make repairs.
June 2011 - First phase of construction was completed and the second tranche of funds were transferred in March 2011. The renovation of the community hall and upstairs office is completed except for finishing

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.425055
Retrieved Text: Friedman Fine Art offers a marvelous selection of historical and contemporary photographs taken by Chicago photographers. In the center of Grant Park, Chicago, Buckingham Fountain is one of the largest fountains in the world. It runs from 8 a.m. to 11:00 p.m., from April to mid-October, producing a major water display with a center jet that shoots 150 feet into the air. At dusk, the Fountain’s water display is accompanied by a light and music show. During the winter, the fountain is decorated with festival lights.
Beaux arts architect Edward H. Bennett designed the Fountain with French sculptor Marcel Loyau and engineer Jacques H. Lambert. Its design was inspired by the Bassin de Latome and modeled after Latona Fountain at Versailles. The Buckingham Fountain however, is twice the size and re-circulates approximately three times more water than Latona Fountain.
The Fountain is considered Chicago’s front door, located at Columbus Drive (301 East) and Congress Parkway (500 South). It symbolizes Lake Michigan and four sea horses on the structure represent the states of Illinois, Wisconsin, Michigan, and Indiana, that border the lake.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.35951
Retrieved Text: The Hoosierist: Why Aren't There More CFI Schools?
Q: Since admission to the Center for Inquiry schools has become so competitive, why don’t they open a few more of them?
A: According to Indianapolis Public Schools, it’s for roughly the same reason trendy, four-star restaurants usually don’t open a bunch of new locations. The special programs at CFI require teachers with special training, and if you dilute their numbers by starting new schools, you risk diluting the product. The program serves about 1,600 students, but IPS has no immediate plans to expand it. “Growing too fast could weaken the very elements of our schools that make them attractive to families,” a spokesperson for IPS offered in a statement. Of course, in a world that had its priorities straight, all schools would be filled with top-notch programs, so students wouldn’t have to besiege the handful of places that do. But The Hoosierist chooses not to dwell on that. It’s too depressing.
Q: The Holliday Park ruins, which got a makeover last year, don’t seem as big as they used to be. How much got carted away?
A: Actually, the amalgamation of broken buildings probably sports a little more rubble than before. According to the folks at Friends of Holliday Park, the $2.3 million renovation uncovered substantial chunks of stone that the earth had swallowed over the decades. These were brushed off and put back on display. “We didn’t really have to haul anything away,” says FHP executive director Adam Barnes. Though it’s pretty much the same pile of broken stuff as

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.318632
Retrieved Text: GUILFORD >> As work continues on the renovation of the Women & Family Life Center, special attention has been paid to preserving the historic ambience of the house, which will reopen in September.
Its more recent history will also be preserved, as encouraging notes stuck on a wall from clients become a permanent part of the interior. These notes, a symbol of the positive work being done at the center, will be forever encased in one of the center’s walls.
Meanwhile, work on the project began in June and will include updated lighting and wiring, a renovated kitchen, complete with new appliances, new furniture, a fresh coat of paint, refinished hardwood floors and replacement of leaking doors and windows with energy efficient ones.
In addition, outside improvements will include a fenced play area for young children, expanded parking and security lights.
While the renovations are underway, the phone lines are still open and many programs are taking place off-site.
The center, located at 96 Fair St., provides support, referrals and wellness programs for more than 1,000 Shoreline women and families who are facing divorce, violence, financial hardships, homelessness, bereavement, or other major life challenges.
“Our numbers for people coming to us in crisis has doubled over the last few years,” said Executive Director Peggy Britt.
“As we were doing our strategic planning in figuring out what programs, and then what space we need, we realized that this space still does work, but if every room could serve multiple purposes then we could be much more nimble in our work,” she added.
The renovations will

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.30074
Retrieved Text: This classic three-tier fountain creates a welcoming piece for your yard that shows warmth and hospitality. The Sunnydaze Welcome 3-Tier Garden Fountain features a pineapple crown at the top and three water collecting bowls. The water flows from the top tier, down the lower tiers and into the basin, where it recirculates with help from the electric three-tiered fountain pump. The tiered design is great for achieving the soothing water sound, and neighbors of all kinds will love the simple but elegant beauty.
Each 59-inch tall fountain is assembled with the spin lock stability system, which secures all the pieces together to ensure the fountain is properly assembled and secure in your garden. And thanks to the recirculating pump, you simply have to plug it into an electrical outlet for operation, with no plumbing required. Serenity Health & Home Decor is the official site of Sunnydaze Decor, and when you order this stunning three-tier outdoor fountain, you'll get free same-day shipping and a one-year warranty.
Dimensions: 59" H x 32" W x 32" D; base diameter: 15"; weighs 60 lbs., making it the perfect size to accent any outdoor space.
Fountain is made from a fiberglass material, making the fountain lightweight and easy to move.
Fountain includes a recirculating electric pump so no plumbing is required - all you have to do is plug it into a standard outlet.
Spin lock system locks each piece in place to the next to ensure stability.
During freezing weather, the fountain either needs to be brought indoors or completely emptied, dried out and well covered.
Fiberglass

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.128336
Retrieved Text: Jon Pullin stole the bronze light fixtures from the Wells Community Cultural Center, according to Lafayette police, who arrested Pullin Tuesday.
LAFAYETTE, Ind. — Lafayette police said they used a driver’s license Jon Pullin gave to a metal processing yard to track him down after he sold bronze pieces stripped from light fixtures he stole last week from the entrance to the historic Wells Community Cultural Center in downtown Lafayette.
Police arrested Pullin, 53, of 826 N. Eighth St., Lafayette, on Tuesday, a day after officials at Oscar Winski Co. turned over records – including a copy of his driver’s license and video collected in the process of the July 23 transaction – to LPD detectives.
On Tuesday, police said they were able to recover one of the two six-foot light fixtures, which were unbolted or torn from concrete pedestals outside the entrance of the Wells Center, Lafayette’s library when it opened in 1927 and for the past three decades home to Tippecanoe Arts Federation at 638 North St.
It was not immediately clear what happened to the second light fixture. David Bluestein, vice president of Oscar Winski Co., on Monday had told the J&C that the company bought a set of four bronze pieces that came from one of the light posts. Bluestein said those pieces were processed, cut into smaller pieces to prep them for a mill, on July 25. He said the company did not receive metal from a second one.
Sgt. Matt Gard with the Lafayette Police Department said police were still investigating where the second piece

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.054237
Retrieved Text: Home Renovation Tax Credit — BC - Get up to $1,350 Government of Canada tax credit for BC home energy renovation improvement.
BC - up to $1,350 Government of Canada tax credit.
BC homeowners can get up to $1,350 in tax credits from the Canadian government for home renovations made between January 27, 2009 and February 1, 2010.
In February, 2009, the Canadian government included the Home Renovation Tax Credit (HRTC) as part of its Economic Action Plan.
The Canadian Home Renovation Tax Credit allows BC families to claim 15 per cent of BC home improvement expenses, between $1,000 and $10,000, on their 2009 income tax return. This gives BC families up to $1,350 in nonrefundable tax credits, which reduce the total amount of income tax they must pay.
The home renovation tax credit applies for 2009 income tax returns only. A line on the 2009 income tax return form will allow BC homeowners to enter the home improvement expenses they are claiming towards the credit. All home improvement expenses must be supported by valid receipts and documentation.
Qualify for a Canadian government tax credit for home improvements in BC.
Home renovations — improvements must be made to the BC homeowner’s principal residence or to another residence they own and use personally (such as a cottage or vacation home).
Renovation expenses — must be at least $1,000, and not more than $10,000.
Time frame — home improvement expenses must be incurred between January 27, 2009 and February 1, 2010.
Tax credit maximum — each BC family can claim up to $10,000 in home improvement expenses, for

########
Rank: 22
Score: 27.015411
Retrieved Text: A Sandy Springs Kroger’s surprise closure announcement is being greeted with surprise by its landlord and anticipation from city officials seeking higher-end redevelopment on northern Roswell Road.
Kroger has operated a supermarket at 8331 Roswell Road in the Northridge Shopping Center for more than 35 years, according to company spokesperson Felix Turner. But it will shutter the store effective Oct. 25.
The Kroger in the Northridge Shopping Center at 8331 Roswell Road as seen in a Google Earth image.
“The store has experienced declining sales and negative profit over an extended period of time and its closure is necessary to make Kroger more competitive in the market,” Turner said in an email.
That suddenly leaves the 10.7-acre shopping center, between busy Northridge Road and Northridge Parkway, without its anchor tenant.
To such officials as City Councilmember Ken Dishman, there’s a silver lining. The city has made a priority in its new land-use plan and zoning code of redeveloping Roswell Road’s older shopping centers and apartments into higher-end, mixed-use versions.
“The property is zoned SX-3, Shopfront Mixed Use, and it could be an ideal location for an amazing mixed use project with town homes and higher end restaurants and retailers,” Dishman added, referring to the city’s new zoning code.
The area of Northridge Road between Roswell Road and Ga. 400 has long been eyed by MARTA for a possible new station on its planned Red Line train extension, and the city has planned for redevelopment related to that.
But residents in the area already have seen one promised shopping center redevelopment stall after an anchor

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.697636
Retrieved Text: After the completion date for its renovations was postponed twice in the past two months, UBC’s Martha Piper Fountain on Main Mall will be up and running again next week.
According to John Metras, acting associate VP facilities, the fountain was initially closed due to a premature failure of the pool liner, which resulted in leakage. He pointed to a high amount of people walking in the fountain as the cause for the damage.
The repairs for the fountain were initially supposed to be completed on October 13, but the completion date was pushed back to November 30. However, when the renovation project wasn’t finished by the second deadline, students started to wonder about what was happening with the fountain.
Metras acknowledged this delay and attributed it to scope of the damage to the fountain, which was more extensive than UBC has expected.
“When we opened the liner up, we discovered that due to the initial failure, structural cracks in the underlying concrete had worsened and it needed a bigger repair,” he said.
When the tarp is removed next week, the new and improved Martha Piper Fountain will have a strong tile liner that’s similar to the material on the floor of a swimming pool.
“Moving forward, we’ll have a very resilient liner in the fountain,” Metras said.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.687048
Retrieved Text: Millard Fuller Legacy Build 2010 – HAPPENING NOW!
Before the residents of the Fountain Square Neighborhood in Indianapolis, Ind. had time to begin their Labor Day festivities, the walls were up on eight brand new homes and 15 renovation projects are now fully underway.
Thousands of volunteers across the country are swinging their hammers this week as the Fuller Center Millard Fuller Legacy Build is officially launched.
Watch a VIDEO of Linda Fuller’s introduction to the week here.
*View PHOTOS from the build updated daily.
*Check out our YouTube channel for new VIDEOS!
*President David Snell is blogging from the build, check it out here.
More than 300 are gathered in Indianapolis, Ind., the hub of the activity happening in 45 Fuller Center locations throughout the world. By the week’s end more than 100 simple, decent homes will be built, repaired or dedicated–24 of them in Indy.
The activity began over the weekend with the Miracle Mile Parade (view photos) and a welcome dinner.
“Brothers and sisters, this is a family reunion,” President David Snell said as he greeted the room full of volunteers. “We’re going to have a great week."
The mayor of Indianapolis, Greg Ballard, also attended Sunday’s dinner.
"You’re going to make a difference for generations to come," Mayor Ballard said, addressing the volunteers. "I thank all of you for making this a reality and for coming to this great city. Enjoy it."
Consider donating to the build now. Each dollar will go directly to transforming the Fountain Square neighborhood. Click to donate!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.684002
Retrieved Text: Buckingham Fountain is one of the most iconic public works of granite in Chicago, serving as the gateway to the city in a grand display of opulence. With jets of water that shoot up to 150ft in the air, Buckingham Fountain is one of largest fountains in the world, modeled on the wedding-cake style of construction popularized by the Gardens of Versailles. This stunning piece of sculptural architecture is fashioned from pink marble with granite elements.
Designed and created by American sculptor Lorado Taft in 1909, Eternal Silence is a haunting monument that resides in Graceland Cemetery. The piece was commissioned as a monument to Dexter Graves, who led a group of thirteen families to Chicago from Ohio through horrific conditions. And what a monument it is; in this unforgettable masterpiece, a 10ft tall bronze depiction of the grim reaper poses before an abyssal black granite background to chilling effect.
Augustus St. Gaudens made this sculpture of slave-liberator Abraham Lincoln from memory in 1926 to honor his Illinois heritage. Located in Grant Park, this noble figure is cast in bronze and mounted atop an enormous granite plinth, where the former head-of-state can be seen from across the thoroughfare.
This abstract piece embellishes the Aon Center Plaza on Randolph Street in Downtown Chicago. Resting on a solid granite plinth, tall rods of copper and brass alloy emerge from the stone like mighty golden stalks of grain. As currents of air from the Windy City move through the sculpture, it vibrates and sings, filling the plaza with a lovely humming harmony.
Cut

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.667007
Retrieved Text: The Town of Stratford acquired the Perry House in 1981 and, for almost 20 years, had rented the property as a multi-family house (three dwelling units in total). Increasingly stringent housing codes and the unique requirements of maintaining a colonial period house began to pull the Town's capabilities in opposite directions and, for safety purposes, the House was vacated around 1997. An Ad Hoc Reuse Committee was established at that time to recommend more appropriate uses of the Perry House. The Committee's report was submitted to the Town Council for consideration in 1998. It included a review of over five reuse options ranging from single-family residential use to more extensive commercial use. Thankfully, the Town Council agreed with the primary recommendation of the Reuse Committee: The Perry House should be used a tourism/visitors center with space to accommodate historic exhibits, special events and functions, with related offices on the second floor.
A Conditions Assessment Report was completed in October 1998 by Architectural Preservation Consultant Tom Paske of Westfield, MA. He concluded that, considering the age of the Perry Homestead, the overall condition of the structure is good. Paske identified specific problem areas and made recommendations for repairs.
The Town Council's General Building Needs Committee had the primary responsibility for overseeing the design and renovation of the Perry House. To address unique challenges with this project, the Town Council also formed a Perry House Subcommittee of community representatives to advise the town on historic preservation, fund-raising, marketing, programming, and use. Most of the members of the Subcommittee had also

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.618511
Retrieved Text: Japanese Ambassador Masamichi Saigo signed a grant contract for the upgrading of a women’s handicraft and Mithila art center in Janakpur, Dhanusha District. The grant contract was signed between the Embassy of Japan and Ms. Sunina Karna, Chairperson of the Janakpur Women’s Development Center.
The Project for the Repair of the Janakpur Women’s Development Center, in Janakpur, Dhanusha District is funded under the Grant Assistance for Grassroots Human Security Projects (GGP) of Japanese. The total grant assistance is USD 64,664.
The project will support the repair of the center where the women work to make handicrafts in the design of Mithila art, a speciality art of the area. Due to its decrepit roofs, rain water passes through and spoils completed art work. The upgrading will build waterproof roofs, inkeeping with the traditional style. The work includes the renovation of one wing of the center to create a hall for trainings and seminars.
Since 1991, the Janakpur Women’s Development Center has been contributing to provide income generation among Dalit women and minority groups. By offering opportunities to work at the center, women can gain skills and income, but also they can obtain self-esteem and be empowered. Mithila Art has lately come under the spotlight, especially in Western countries. In 2018, one Mithila artist, Ms. Manjula Thakur was invited to a folkart exhibition held in Santa Fe, USA.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.568401
Retrieved Text: The Downtown Memphis Commission’s (DMC) affiliate Center City Development Corp. (CCDC) board approved a $400,000 grant for phase I and a contingent $300,000 challenge grant for phase II.
The $5.7 million project is a three-phase effort to create five outdoor rooms running through the significant investment taking place in the Edge District, including but not limited to the $950 million Union Row project and $73 million renovation of the Wonder Bread factory.
The outdoor space begins with a pop-up/food truck retail plaza near Union Avenue and ends with an event place on Madison Avenue. In between, there is linear park space, public restrooms, seating nooks, activity rooms, gardens and outdoor play spaces.
Phase I, anticipated to be finished by May of 2019, will ready the abandoned rail spur with grading and site prep, utilities, power connectors for food trucks, lighting, perimeter fencing, bathrooms, irrigation and some hardscaping.
“After phase I, it will result in a useable functional park,” said Bret Roller, DMC vice president of planning and development, in response to board member concerns about the potential for an “abandoned project” if additional funds are not raised for phase II.
Phase II would add retaining walls, stairs, walkways; aesthetic lighting, tables, chairs and benches; a large performance stage and equipment; gateway arches, slides and other small vertical features; and all remaining landscaping.
Board member Ray Brown raised concerns about the Madison Avenue overpass; “It’s not only unsightly, but dangerous,” he said.
Gary Prosterman, president and CEO of Development Services Group, which is part of the ownership group PGK Properties, said DMC president Jennifer

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.460476
Retrieved Text: We have a small flagstone terrace at the entrance to our old house in eastern France. It’s modest, and when we moved here, it was just flagstones surrounded by the gravel of the driveway. There was one additional element to it: An old millstone next to the front door.
The millstone is basically a big stone cylinder with a hole in the center, as if a giant pressed his thumb into the middle.
For years, I put potted flowers into the hole, but without drainage, any heavy rain left the soil waterlogged. Nothing lasted longer than a few weeks.
Because I am a slow learner and not decoratively inclined, it took me quite a while to come up with the idea of installing a recirculating water fountain. I took stones from a 19th century wall that had once bordered our garden, and put in a little solar-powered spout.
Even that took me a long time to figure out: If the water spouted up through the small head, it dispersed and the fountain dried out within a couple of hours. If I placed stones so that the water ran gently on the surface of the rocks rather than spritzed skywards, the little holes became clogged with the dirty water (there’s a lot of airborne dust that ends up in the fountain).
So this year, I had the bright idea of removing the fountain head and just letting the water burble up from the main spout and I think I may have finally hit the right combination. No clogging, the water spreads evenly

================



======= Instance Index 7 =========
Input Text: A boss may like an employee's ambition, so the employee may get put what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- in charge of project
- conquer opponent
- go to school
- begin work
- webisode

Target Text: in charge of project

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 39.164288
Retrieved Text: With Boss' week upon us, have you often wondered how much you're worth to your boss or employer? Or, if you're a business owner, would you like to know what your employees are worth to you? Here's a method for calculating that value.
So, in calculating an employee's value to an employer, these elements combine to create a balance sheet, the bottom line of which reflects this elusive, and, perhaps, somewhat arbitrary value. Below are the principle factors that must be taken into account to determine employee value to the employer. When all the employee costs are subtracted from the employee's assets, the remainder is the employee's value.
Advertising for employees, screening applications, interviewing selected candidates and ultimately hiring costs time and money. If the search for a qualified employee takes time and advertising continues, the expenses accumulate. If an employment agency is used for the search, a commission must be paid for that service. So, even before a new employee is added to the staff, expenses have already been incurred.
The cost in time, and perhaps lost productivity, in writing, placing and following up on advertising, may also be calculated into the initial expense of hiring new personnel.
Salary is a fixed cost, which may increase annually as an employee becomes more valuable to the employer. An employee's steady accumulation of experience, specific to the job, their understanding of and accommodation to the company culture, makes the employee more valuable and periodic raises may be awarded to reflect this increased value.
Health insurance, dental plans, sick days, paid vacations, retirement

########
Rank: 1
Score: 38.03718
Retrieved Text: Money doesn't grow on trees, but you're thinking about extending a branch from your desk. It could “grow” from there, in the form of monetary and non-monetary incentives to your employees. As a small-business owner, you well know: No matter how driven an employee is, there's nothing like an incentive to light the fire of motivation. Incentives can improve employee morale and bolster productivity, leading to improved customer service, efficiency, sales and profits.
If you're new to the concept of incentives, what you may not know is that there's a difference between monetary and non-monetary incentives. They obviously differ in form, but they also differ in how they're perceived by employees. These differences are worth considering before you put a pair of hedge clippers next to your desk.
If you want to get technical about it, as human resource professionals are prone to do, monetary incentives are designed to reward employees for outstanding job performance or longevity.
Vacation time (beyond an employee's normal paid time).
Non-monetary incentives are designed to recognize a special achievement or the completion of something that enhances an employee's job performance or value to a company. Such a meritorious category might include the attainment of a sales goal, the culmination of a special research project or graduation from a training program that leads to a desirable certification.
If you're considering using non-monetary incentives as a motivational tool, it's fair to say that they're limited only by your imagination, and maybe the needs or wants of your employees.
Charitable donations made in an employee's name.* Concert tickets.
Luxury gifts, such

########
Rank: 2
Score: 36.505
Retrieved Text: Can You Get Fired for Evacuating During a Hurricane?
The State of Florida is considered an "at-will state." The designation means employees and their employer do not have a long-term contractual obligation to each other.
Florida employees are required to show up to work when a natural disaster hits, such as when Hurricane Irma struck, otherwise the person can lose his or her job.
Being an employee in an "at-will state" can conflict with common assumptions of human safety.
“An employer can fire anyone for any reason or even for no reason," Michael Chionopoulos said, who is an attorney based in Fort Myers. "It doesn’t have to give the employee a reason at all."
If city and state officials have put out a mandatory evacuation order because of a natural disaster, an employee's boss can choose to fire him or her for not coming into work.
The decision will be backed by the Florida law.
The employer will be justified, as long as the employee who was released was not fired because of race, religion, gender, ethnic origin or a disability.
The employer's power to fire at will extends to local government workers. A person who works for the local government, but is in a city that must evacuate, still has a chance of losing his or her job. But, the employee may have better chances.
If you don’t have a contract with your job, such as an adverse weather policy, make sure to talk to your boss before an emergency so that they are at least notified.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 35.967422
Retrieved Text: Here are a few sample thank-you letters that an employer can write to an employee to recognize the employee's good work. These are informal employee recognition letter samples. The informal employee recognition letter can be written in minutes.
Keep in mind that an employee recognition letter is also appropriate from coworkers, employees in different departments, managers, supervisors, and executives, as well as from the employee's boss. Coworkers are more likely to use the semi-formal or the informal style of employee recognition letter, as opposed to a more formal letter from a boss or supervisor.
Don't hesitate to thank and recognize your coworkers for their efforts. Just as ​a ​manager can boost morale by praising their employees' successes, individual contributors can boost morale by being kind to their coworkers and praising their successes as well. You need help to get your job done correctly and if your coworkers know how much you appreciate them, they'll be more likely to help you in the future.
Should you copy your coworker's boss on these informal notes that are written to a coworker? Sometimes, though maybe not for a “thanks for your help today” note. In the following samples that mention specific accomplishments and tasks, however, letting your coworker's boss know can really make your coworker's day.
I want you to know how much we appreciate the extra time you put in this week to get the new product orders shipped. The customers were well-served by your extra efforts and the company appears customer-oriented because we delivered on our promised timeline.
It was such a

########
Rank: 4
Score: 35.42277
Retrieved Text: It's easy for business leaders to get caught in the trap of treating productivity like a routine or a list of tasks to complete. These goals may help keep organizations operationally sound, but they can also be disengaging to your workforce. Simply setting forth goals and enforcing them may have less to offer than understanding the personal goals of both managers and their employees.
The Workforce Institute at Kronos recently asked employees around the world about how they view their time as being spent at work and what their ideal use of time would be. The summary of these responses was released as a report called "What Would You Do With More Time?" While it's worth a direct glance, here are a few key themes that may reveal hidden opportunities for leaders like you to engage and further develop your workforce for greater successes.
The most common employee goal, by far, is the development of new skills — a goal that increases in popularity the younger you look ("Hello" to the ambitious Gen-Z workforce). This ambition speaks to the importance of employers of offering a clear path for career development, focusing not only on performance but also supporting each individual's growth within the organization. The best workers are the ones that will stick with you.
Employee's secondary goals would also work toward a company's benefit. Those in manager roles would prefer to spend more time connecting and supporting their employees instead of being taskmasters, while employees hoped to spend more time helping customers directly.
How might your success look differently

########
Rank: 5
Score: 34.56451
Retrieved Text: A settlement agreement is a written contract between employer and employee (or ex-employee).
Where an employer is at risk of an employee making a legal claim against them, the employer may prefer to resolve the matter swiftly and out of court by making an offer of settlement.
The employer offers a compensation payment to settle the employee's claim, and in return requests the employee's agreement not to progress those claims through the courts. The arrangement is recorded in writing in a settlement agreement.
Employers should ask the employee to take their own independent legal advice about the terms of the agreement, so that there is no question of the employer placing the employee under duress to sign a settlement agreement. This is necessary for the agreement to have binding effect.
Businesses may decide to offer severance packages in a variety of situations. For instance if the business is downsizing and needs to conduct a redundancy programme, then it may offer an enhanced termination package to obtain the employee's agreement not to make a claim of unfair dismissal. Or if an employee has made allegations of discrimination or wrongful dismissal or in connection with a transfer of a business, then rather than defend the claim in tribunal the employer may decide to put an offer of settlement.
Subject to conditions, settlement offers can also be made on a confidential basis where there is no dispute between the parties. Either the business or the employee can promote these discussions. However, settlement agreements are voluntary, so neither party has to enter into them if

########
Rank: 6
Score: 33.698536
Retrieved Text: If you are working overtime, it means you are putting in more hours than are usual in a normal work week. But what's normal, and who gets to decide? The federal government is the main regulator in this area by virtue of the Fair Labor Standards Act. Many states just piggyback on that act, although some provide their residents with additional benefits. Most workers who are paid by the hour are entitled to one and one-half times the regular hourly rate when they work more than 40 hours in a seven-day work week.
Overtime law describes the laws and regulations that determine when overtime pay is mandated and how to calculate that pay.
How Long Are You Legally Allowed to Work in a Day?
Neither the federal government nor the states dictate how many hours an employee is permitted to work in a day, a week, a month or a year. That is left to the employer and the employee to work out, as long as the employee is over 16 years of age.
However, the Fair Labor Standards Act and many state labor laws do require overtime. That is, covered employees must receive overtime pay of at least 1 1/2 times their regular pay if the boss asks for more than 40 hours of work in a work week. Several states offer even greater protection.
Many states simply base their overtime laws on the Fair Labor Standards Act, and even piggyback on that federal law. Some states provide additional and further protections, however.
Can an Employer Make You Work Seven Days

########
Rank: 7
Score: 32.790466
Retrieved Text: Our congresswoman, Cathy McMorris Rodgers, is one of the primary sponsors of the Working Families FlexibilityAct of 2013.
(ii) entered into knowingly and voluntarily by such employees and not as a condition of employment.
No employee may receive or agree to receive compensatory time off under this subsection unless the employee has worked at least 1,000 hours for the employee's employer during a period of continuous employment with the employer in the 12-month period before the date of agreement or receipt of compensatory time off.
(B) requiring any employee to use such compensatory time.
(f) An employer that violates section 7(s)(4) shall be liable to the employee affected in the amount of the rate of compensation (determined in accordance with section 7(s)(6)(A)) for each hour of compensatory time accrued by the employee and in an additional equal amount as liquidated damages reduced by the amount of such rate of compensation for each hour of compensatory time used by such employee.
flexibility so you don't have to.
The flexibility this legislation provides, essentially, is the employee gets to work overtime without being paid for it. Their pay is converted to comp time, which the employee can take "within a reasonable amount period...if the use of compensatory time does not unduly disrupt the operations of the employer."
The employer receives all the flexibility provided by this act. The actual payment for working overtime is delayed, so it's like the employee is giving the employer an interest-free loan. Then the employee gets to take comp time when the employer says so.
Honestly, what low-wage, non-union working family

########
Rank: 8
Score: 32.77409
Retrieved Text: 1. Position and Duties. During the Term (as defined in Section 2) of his employment by the Company under this Agreement, Employee shall devote his full time and attention to the business of the Company as Senior Vice President, Legal of AMC Entertainment Inc.
2. Term. The term of this Agreement shall commence as of November 6, 2002 and shall terminate on November 5, 2004 or sooner as provided in Section 6 below (such period, as it may be extended, the "Term"). On each November 6 hereafter, commencing in 2003, one year shall be added to the Term of Employee's employment with the Company under this Agreement, so that as of each November 6 the Term of Employee's employment hereunder shall be two (2) years.
(a) Base Salary. During the Term of his employment by the Company under this Agreement, Employee shall receive an annual salary of $225,000.00 ("Base Salary") (less withholding for applicable taxes), payable in accordance with the Company's payroll procedures for its salaried employees, subject to such increases as may be determined by AMCE's Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer and, if applicable, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of AMCE.
(b) Bonus. In addition to Base Salary, Employee shall be eligible to receive an annual bonus (the "Bonus") as determined from time to time by AMCE's Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer and, if applicable, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of AMCE, based on the Company's applicable incentive compensation program, as such may exist

########
Rank: 9
Score: 32.756813
Retrieved Text: Last week, I talked about why documentation is so important as part of an employer's legal defense.
No. 1: It shows who wrote it. Remember when your fifth grade teacher gave you a zero on that project that you worked on for hours because you forgot to put your name on it? Well, then. We're all grown-ups now, so we don't give zeroes for forgetting a name, but we do have to waste precious time, and maybe even attorneys' fees, figuring out that you were the one who wrote it. Meanwhile, writing your name takes, what? Maybe 3 seconds?
No. 2: It includes first and last names. You know who "Brandon" is, but your lawyer probably has no idea, and maybe even some of the people in your company don't know. Or maybe two guys named "Brandon" report to you -- which one are you talking about? Jogging your own memory is an important purpose of documentation, but it's not the only one. Good documentation will also provide other people with a record of what took place. When you document, keep that in mind.
No. 4: It is legible. This common problem is getting better now that so much documentation is done by computer. But if you're still documenting by hand (bless your heart!), please make sure people can read your handwriting. Also, if you have an illegible signature, please print your name below the signature.
No. 5: It provides enough of an explanation so that a complete outsider can get at least the gist of what it means. The

########
Rank: 10
Score: 32.421597
Retrieved Text: In today's difficult economy, workers' compensation fraud is becoming a greater concern among business owners and professionals. People are attempting to get money however they can, and if they can skim as much as possible out of their workers' compensation payments, they will attempt to do so. If you suspect your employee is exaggerating or faking a workplace illness to get free money, there are a number of legal actions you can take.
First and foremost, you should consult with a lawyer near you. A good lawyer can help to keep your workers' compensation insurance provider from raising your rates or having to pay an employee out of pocket. A workers' compensation attorney will help to bring your company a fair and equitable settlement.
Fraud may be as blatant as faking an illness or injury, or it may be more subtle. Obviously, if an employee is supposedly on bed rest and you see him or her in the grocery store on Saturday, you might suspect fraud. You can take this evidence to your lawyer. Furthermore, if you believe that an employee's time spent convalescing is overly long or if you think that an injury was not sustained on the job, you should take note of any related evidence and present it to your lawyer. This is often what workers' compensation looks like: exaggeration of symptoms or circumstances. An attorney will let you know if your observation or argument will hold up in court.
Read on if you want to know some ways you might be able to check if

########
Rank: 11
Score: 32.416264
Retrieved Text: Employees that have an on-the-job injury may be eligible for benefits - including medical care and income replacement - under workers' compensation. The information on this web site is intended to help answer questions you may have regarding how the workers' compensation process works.
Because your questions are likely to be different depending upon whether you are the employee that experienced the injury or the employee's manager, the information below has been tailored to address questions you may have from these different perspectives.
When Accidents Happen - The focus of this section is to answer your questions about where to get medical care, filing an incident report, what to put on your time card, as well as other questions that may be on your mind and resources available to assist you.
If Unable to Work - The focus of this section is to answer questions you may have about your workers' compensation benefits as well as medical treatment when an injury causes you to miss work.
Returning to Work - We want you back. The focus of this section is to answer your questions about returning to work at Duke as well as letting you know your rights if a rehabilitation professional has been assigned to help facilitate your return.
When Accidents Happen - Your employee was injured and you know there is a process that needs to get activated quickly. The focus of this section is to put detail around this process and answer additional questions you may have.
If Unable to Work - When the injury is so severe that

########
Rank: 12
Score: 32.37364
Retrieved Text: Some companies train all new employees in one session or time period.
3 What Are the Differences Between a Job Description & Performance Profile?
Job training is a critical step to getting a newly hired employee up-to-speed on the expectations and roles of the position. Companies typically use either informal training or formal training programs that rely on job descriptions and functions for outlining objectives and training factors.
Effective job descriptions outline the roles and responsibilities for a position. One of the starting points in training is to communicate duties to the new employee, which usually involves identifying each core task and demonstrating how to complete it. A job description usually lists each of these key functions and provides a virtual checklist for the manager to ensure the new employee learns each key task.
Job descriptions may also outline how an employee's position fits into the broader corporate and department structure. This is useful in communicating reporting relationships for the employee. Given that an employee's manager often provides his training, this relationship is usually clear to whom he reports in the company hierarchy. However, the trainer can also introduce the new hire to his colleagues and co-workers in other departments, while also explaining how the position interacts with these colleagues.
Job descriptions also provide direction for effective formal training programs that emphasize teaching new skills or improving on existing ones. If a description illustrates the importance of the employee's role in customer service, the training program may include specific strategies and techniques for training to company service standards. The manager may,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 32.24448
Retrieved Text: Units may not have access to an employee's email, files, or folders without proper authorization. If the employee is able to give consent, this is the easiest method. The employee should send an email to the supervisor, or somehow put permission in writing.
In instances where an employee is unable to give consent, units must fill out the appropriate authorization forms, as indicated below.
When an employee is unavailable (out sick, no longer employed at the university, passed away, etc), there are unfortunately sometimes important business-related documents or other information in the employee's personal email, files, or folders. In that case, unit personnel will often request access to information that may be needed to continue the campus business that employee was working on.
It is important to know that for privacy reasons, campus policy requires approval process to be followed before any IT pro or other personnel with administrative access is permitted to provide such access to anyone other than the employee whose user account is named as the "owner" of those items.
This includes gaining access to email, files, databases, or folders, as well as setting an out-of-office message on that person's account.
By policy, beyond the copyright privileges granted to faculty and students, as employees of a state agency, the University owns an employee's files and email.
through the use by any person, including a University employee, of University resources such as facilities, equipment, funds, or funds under the control of or administered by the University.
"Section 5 - Other Intellectual Property"
However, while the university owns the data and the privacy

########
Rank: 14
Score: 32.065697
Retrieved Text: Return-to-work programs are specifically designed to assist employees out on disability in making a gradual return to work. Instead of assigning an employee a job with established tasks, such as commonly done when an employee is transitioning back to their routine job after a temporary medical restriction, return-to-work programs should include a variety of temporary and transitional work assignments that are flexible and take the needs of the employee's temporary medical restriction into account.
1. Your policy book should include a section on transitional work assignments. Make sure that its clear and concise in explaining that transitional work assignments are mandatory and what the consequences will be for refusing to take an appropriate transitional assignment.
2. Ask your supervisors to compose a list of tasks that could be assigned and performed by a transitioning employee, especially looking at tasks that have been delayed due to a lack of time or manpower. Jobs that are currently being outsourced can also make ideal assignments.
3. Make sure that assignments are congruent with the employee's Work Status Report. This report is completed by the employee's physician and will help you determine what transitional assignments the worker will physically be able to complete.
4. Contact the employee's physician to let him/her know you have a return-to-work program. This initial contact is also the perfect time to ask the physician for recommendations on what types of transitional assignments would be appropriate for the employee's specific temporary medical restriction.
5. Supervisors should also be aware of all medical restrictions a transitioning employee has and understand that any

########
Rank: 15
Score: 32.029575
Retrieved Text: It's simple to itemize withholding on employee paychecks.
1 What Does OASDI Stand for on a Payroll Check?
Among the basic taxes that people need to pay, FICA is one of the most common. FICA stands for Federal Insurance Contributions Tax, and it consists of Social Security and Medicare tax. To determine the exact amount of FICA tax an employee has to pay, you can use Excel spreadsheets and calculations. As an employer, you are responsible for withholding these taxes from each employee's paycheck and paying it to the federal government.
Purchase the Microsoft Excel spreadsheet program if your computer does not have it. In many cases, computers running on Windows OS have the program installed. However, newer versions do not have this program automatically installed. Microsoft Excel usually offers different types of templates relevant to computing payroll and adjustments.
Determine employment status. Some employment statuses have exemptions under certain FICA regulations. It would be futile to determine the FICA charges for a company's payroll if FICA does not cover the employees. FICA generally applies to anyone working as an employee. Regulations do grant exemptions, but these are rare.
Create a table that you can use anytime you need to figure these taxes. Use the first row to place the names for each column: in cell A1, put "Employee's Name," in cell B1 put "Employee's Income," in cell C1 put "Social Security Tax," in cell D1 put "Medicare Tax," and in E1 put "FICA."
Put the name of the employee for whom you want to determine FICA under column A. Under "Income,"

########
Rank: 16
Score: 31.984858
Retrieved Text: A State employee involved in an accident within the scope of the employee's public duties is immune from suit and judgment if the accident occurs in Maryland. The employee may have such immunity if the accident occurs in another state. If the accident involves the employee's personal vehicle, the employee may have additional or alternative liability coverage under the terms of the employee's personal policy of insurance.
A State employee authorized to drive a State-owned car to commute to and from work is by law, considered to be acting within the scope of the employee's public duties. A State employee who is driving a personal vehicle to commute to and from work is generally not considered to be acting within the scope of the employee's public duties. Therefore, a State employee commuting to work in a State vehicle has the immunities and protections of a State employee acting within the scope of the employee's public duties, but a State employee driving a personal vehicle does not.
Workers' compensation is the exclusive source of coverage for injured drivers of State-owned vehicles because the State is not required to and does not maintain personal injury protection (PIP) which covers medical, hospital, disability expenses and lost wages, or uninsured motorist (UMD) protection. State employees driving their private vehicles within the scope of their public duties have both workers' compensation coverage and the additional protection of their PIP and UMD coverage. PIP and UMD coverage would most likely be the exclusive coverage for employees injured while commuting to work in their personal

########
Rank: 17
Score: 31.769926
Retrieved Text: More and more employers are using video surveillance at the workplace, often to prevent theft or to monitor what employees are actually doing while on the clock. What are your rights to privacy if your employer films you at work?
Most employees don't mind if retail establishments conduct video surveillance to guard against theft by outsiders. For example, there might be a video camera that tapes everyone who comes in the door or stands in front of the register. But what about employers that use hidden cameras to try to catch their own employees stealing? What about video surveillance of employees while they're working? Or cameras in the bathrooms or locker rooms?
Some states have also passed laws that deal with workplace privacy, including the use of cameras and video equipment. In California, for example, it's a crime to install a surveillance mirror (one that can be seen through from only one side and looks like a mirror on the other) in a restroom, shower, fitting room, or locker room. In Connecticut, employers may not operate surveillance equipment in areas designed for employee rest or comfort, such as restrooms, locker rooms, or employee lounges.
To find out more about your state's workplace privacy laws, contact your state labor department.
Even if your state hasn't passed laws that specifically protect workplace privacy, you almost certainly can't be taped or filmed while doing certain things at work, such as using the restroom or changing clothes.
If there's no state law that specifically allows or prohibits surveillance, courts determine whether an employee's privacy has

########
Rank: 18
Score: 31.76924
Retrieved Text: Intermittent FMLA leave answers were changed significantly when the new regulations became law in November 2008.
More Family Medical Leave questions were created as a result.
Understanding how intermittent fmla works under these new guidelines has become a challenge for employers and employees alike.
A lot of states in the U.S. have there own family and medical leave laws. Therefore, every employee should get as many answers to how the new intermittent family medical leave affects their rights. Review this page to learn what Intermittent FMLA means.
The following are intermittent fmla answers to intermittent fmla questions. I will be updating this page as new changes emerge.
Are exempt employees required to use vacation or PTO before FMLA?
My husband needs bed rest for 3 weeks after back surgery. I need to care for our two children. Does FMLA cover this?
How many intermittent FMLA re-certifications can an employer require?
What does "medical necessity" to take intermittent FMLA?
Is there something special the employee has to do to take intermittent FMLA?
When can employees take intermittent FMLA?
I'm exempt, can my boss use intermittent FMLA to dock my pay?
I need therapy after surgery. Can I get intermittent FMLA every second Wednesday?
What's the difference between reduced schedule and intermittent leave?
If my boss thinks I'm abusing intermittent FMLA can she spy on me?
If I have to get re-certification for intermittent FMLA, who pays?
What's the minimum amount I can take each time on intermittent FMLA?
Can my boss transfer me to another position for intermittent FMLA?
Can I take intermittent FMLA for chronic headaches?
Can my boss count my workers' comp part-day work

########
Rank: 19
Score: 31.75072
Retrieved Text: What Type of Work Experience is Credible?
How does Non Pay Status, e.g. Leave without pay (LWOP) affect an employee's service for prior work experience?
How long does service credit remain creditable for annual leave accrual purposes?
What happens to any accrued leave if an employee fails to complete the 1 full year of continuous service with the USDA?
What happens to service credit hours if an employee separates from Federal Service or transfers to another Agency after completing the 1 full year of continuous service?
to the Federal civilian service, may be given service credit towards determining the annual leave accrual rate for prior work experience.
Retroactive Application This provision may only be applied to appointments made on or after April 28, 2005.
For service that is otherwise creditable under existing leave regulations.
Example: If an employee worked FT for a company for three (3) years, the recommending and approving officials may determine that the duties the employee performed for those three (3) years are directly related to the new position. The employee may only be credited with three (3) years of service for annual leave accrual purposes. All other service credit computations will be based on qualifying Federal employment. However, if during that timeframe only 25% of the FT duties were directly related to the new position, than he or she may only be credited based on the 25%. The same principle applies if the employee were in a PT position.
What Type of Work Experience Is Creditable?
Active duty uniformed service experience.
Previously, an employee who was a retired member of a uniformed service

########
Rank: 20
Score: 31.72809
Retrieved Text: Face it. Sooner or later, even the best employer has employees resign. They think that they've found a better opportunity or their spouse has accepted a job out-of-state. They decide to stay home with children or find themselves providing long-term care for a parent.
The reasons are endless for what causes an employee resignation. But, each employee resignation poses the employer with the same series of questions.
How do you announce the employee's resignation? Who needs to know what about the employee's resignation? When do you tell your employees about the employee's resignation? Should you let the employee post a say goodbye email on the company discussion board? What if the exiting employee asks you to write a generic reference letter?
Here are answers to the many questions you may have about employee resignation.
An employee has just resigned. The norm is that the employee tells you verbally that he or she is resigning from your company. Immediately ask the resigning employee for a resignation letter in writing with their final date of employment stated. This protects you from unemployment claims and other charges of impropriety.
An employee resignation always causes some disruption in the workflow, however, if the employee resigning is valued and you decide to let him or her work their final two weeks, they can do a lot to make the transition successful. This assumes that you have assessed that the individual will remain a positive contributor until their final day.
They can wrap up loose ends, provide details about ongoing projects, and email friends and coworkers about their

########
Rank: 21
Score: 31.632029
Retrieved Text: Section 825.300. Employer notice requirements.
29 CFR § 825.300 - Employer notice requirements.
§ 825.300 Employer notice requirements.
(1) Every employer covered by the FMLA is required to post and keep posted on its premises, in conspicuous places where employees are employed, a notice explaining the Act's provisions and providing information concerning the procedures for filing complaints of violations of the Act with the Wage and Hour Division. The notice must be posted prominently where it can be readily seen by employees and applicants for employment. The poster and the text must be large enough to be easily read and contain fully legible text. Electronic posting is sufficient to meet this posting requirement as long as it otherwise meets the requirements of this section. An employer that willfully violates the posting requirement may be assessed a civil money penalty by the Wage and Hour Division not to exceed $169 for each separate offense.
(2) Covered employers must post this general notice even if no employees are eligible for FMLA leave.
(3) If an FMLA-covered employer has any eligible employees, it shall also provide this general notice to each employee by including the notice in employee handbooks or other written guidance to employees concerning employee benefits or leave rights, if such written materials exist, or by distributing a copy of the general notice to each new employee upon hiring. In either case, distribution may be accomplished electronically.
(4) To meet the requirements of paragraph (a)(3) of this section, employers may duplicate the text of the Department's prototype notice (WHD Publication 1420) or may

########
Rank: 22
Score: 31.359905
Retrieved Text: The University's sick leave program provides salary continuation for eligible employees during periods of illness, injury, or medical disability such as maternity or periods of post-surgical recuperation. In the event employees are medically disabled for extended periods of time and a medical leave of absence is required, available sick leave will be coordinated with Short Term Disability Insurance, Workers' Compensation, Santa Clara University's Long Term Disability plan, and/or Social Security, as applicable.
Consistent with California law, all employees who work at least 30 days a year are eligible to accrue sick leave per the accrual rates and maximums as detailed below.
·Benefits Eligible Staff: Non-exempt benefits eligible staff who are paid on an hourly basis will receive an accrual based on the number of hours worked each pay period, at a rate of 1 hour per every 21.67 hours worked.Exempt benefits eligible staff who work full-time will accrue sick leave at the rate of four hours per pay period.Exempt benefits eligible staff who are working less than full-time will accrue sick leave on a pro-rated basis based on their percent FTE. Sick leave may be carried over from year to year and accrued to a maximum of 640 hours.Sick leave is credited each pay period and is reflected on the employee's wage statement.
·Non-Benefits Eligible Staff:Non-benefits eligible staff who work at least 30 days a year from the beginning of their employment accrue one hour of sick leave per every 30 hours worked.Sick leave may carry over from year to year and may be accrued to a maximum of

########
Rank: 23
Score: 31.348446
Retrieved Text: Feedback can improves employee contributions to a team.
4 What Are the Characteristics and Components of a Highly Effective Performance Evaluation?
The most important part of an individual's performance evaluation is communication between manager and employee. Through written and verbal communication, a manager gives an employee feedback on current levels of performance, and an employee shares his progress and concerns about performance. When you evaluate an employee, transmit information carefully to respect your employee's self-worth and commitment to the job.
Some managers want employees to take charge of their own performance and encourage employees to keep track of performance data, achievements, training needs, weaknesses and special concerns. You can track these as well, rating an employee in every area. Make notes about any problems with performance or behavior and observe whether corrective feedback and training are working. It's optional to give your employee a copy of the rating system and ask him to fill it out.
You can communicate better through written feedback and verbal feedback by using common questions to guide your preparation for each performance meeting with your employee. Questions could include: "What are my employee's achievements and challenges since the last evaluation?" and "Are there any new training needs to improve performance?"
It's the goal of the performance evaluation to help an employee improve and not to drop in any areas of performance. You need a format for the conversation; it's best to follow either the format of the evaluation or the employee's job description. In a small business, you may not need all the areas of evaluation

########
Rank: 24
Score: 31.210222
Retrieved Text: Welcome back from the Thanksgiving holiday! As we approach the end of another year, there are several tax-related employee benefits items you will want to review with your payroll colleagues to make sure they are ready to provide your employees with accurate financial information for their 2013 tax returns. Ideally most of this will already have been put in place with the help of your payroll vendor so that little additional work should be required. For anything that is already in place, we can assist you with determining the next steps to ensure full compliance before the end of 2013.
Excess Group Term Life - The IRS views any employer sponsored term life benefit over $50,000 as an economic benefit (aka imputed income) to the employee. The monthly economic benefit is determined by applying the IRS Premium Table 2-2 (page 13 of IRS publication 15-b) to the amount of group term life insurance in excess of $50,000 and adding that amount to an employee's taxable income (including Social Security and Medicare). This only applies to employer-paid coverage, not to any voluntary coverage that the employee pays for themselves. If the taxable amount hasn't been added to the employee's taxable income during the year, the amount will need to be calculated and added to their final paycheck or to their 2013 W-2 in full.
Domestic Partner Imputed Income - Similar to the above, any amount paid by an employer towards health benefits (including dental and vision) for an employee's domestic partner is considered an economic benefit to the employee.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 31.154865
Retrieved Text: Employing new staff can be a mine field of information, so we are here to help to keep you on track.
When you take on a new employee there are important checks you have to make. You need to decide what their correct employment status is and check if they can legally work in the UK. If you employ them, you must check whether you need to operate PAYE (Pay As You Earn) on their earnings.
You need to get certain information from your employee and send it to HM Revenue & Customs (HMRC) on or before the employee's first payday.
If this is your first employee, you may need to register with HMRC as an employer and set up a PAYE scheme. The UK Border Agency recommends that employers conduct checks on entitlement to work for all new employees to prevent illegal migrant working. If you don't complete these checks, you could be charged a civil penalty of up to £10,000 per illegal worker.
Have you registered as an employer?
You need to register with HMRC as an employer and operate PAYE. To find out more and how to do this, read HMRC's guide 'How to register as an employer' or contact one of our team.
Do you have Employment Insurance?
When you take on employees you must take out an employers liability insurance policy. The policy must be with an authorised insurer. Your employers liabilty insurance certificate should be displayed and made available to Health & Safety Executive inspectors.
It is your responsibility to have the correct insurance, without it you could

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.13636
Retrieved Text: The Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and the California Fair Employment and Housing Act (FEHA) prohibit employment discrimination against qualified applicants and employees on the basis of disability. In accordance with the law, it is the policy of the City and County of San Francisco to provide equal employment opportunities to qualified individuals with disabilities.
The law covers qualified applicants and employees with disabilities. A qualified individual with a disability is defined as an individual with a disability who meets the skill, experience, education and other job-related requirements of a position held or sought, and who, with or without reasonable accommodation, can perform the essential functions of the job.
is regarded by the employer as having, or having had, a disorder or condition that has no present disabled effect, but that may become a disability.
Impairments that require special education or related services are also disabilities.
Major life activities include seeing, hearing, breathing, walking, speaking, learning, working, caring for oneself, performing manual tasks, lifting, and other physical, mental and social activities, etc.
An employer must provide equal employment opportunity for qualified applicants with disabilities to enable them to participate in the job application process and to be considered for a job.
Reasonable accommodations must be provided, as needed, to ensure that individuals with disabilities have equal opportunity in the application and selection process, unless to do so would be an undue hardship or pose a direct threat to the health and safety of others.
An employer does not have to accommodate individuals who are not otherwise qualified for the position that they seek.
Tests

########
Rank: 27
Score: 31.131718
Retrieved Text: Net pay is the amount of an employee's pay (either salaried or hourly) after withholding for federal and state income taxes, and any additional paycheck deductions. Net pay is thus the amount actually received by the employee in his or her paycheck.
1. Start with gross pay.
To begin the calculation of net pay, you must start with the employee's gross pay. Gross pay is the amount that is owed to the employee for the pay period (weekly, bi-weekly, semi-monthly, or monthly).
Gross pay for hourly employees is the hours worked times hourly rate, with overtime premiums, if applicable. Gross pay for salaried employees is their annual salary divided by the number of pay periods in the year.
TIP: All withholdings and deductions are based on gross pay. Withholding of different taxes and payments isn't incremental.
2. Deduct federal income tax withholding.
The employee's tax bracket and filing status are used to determine the federal income tax withholding for the pay period. The additional withholding is added to these to get the total amount to be withheld from the employee's paycheck.
The withholding amount for a specific pay period starts with gross pay and the type of pay period. Then the employee's marital status and the number of exemptions is included in the calculation, along with any additional amounts the employee wishes to have withheld.
TIP: Be sure that you have the most recent W-4 form for each employee. Employees may submit a new W-4 form at any time, and as many times as they wish, but only once per pay period.
TIP: It's illegal

########
Rank: 28
Score: 31.107347
Retrieved Text: An employee injured on the job in Louisiana is entitled to vocational rehabilitation services, which are supposed to assist the injured worker in finding a new job or occupation if he or she cannot return to his or her previous occupation due to the work-related injury.
The idea that the insurance company will offer retraining services to help an injured employee find a new job seems appealing to an injured employee.
Employees were almost always hard at work at the time of injury, and are almost always eager to return to work despite injuries.
So when an injured employee is told (usually by a vocational rehabilitation counselor) that Louisiana workers compensation has a system called vocational rehabilitation which is supposed to help injured workers find re-training or a new job, this injured employee is eager to work that system.
But the big lie is that vocational rehabilitation hardly ever provided actual re-training or an actual new job, but instead is simply a tool for the vocational rehabilitation counselor and the workers compensation insurance company to reduce and eliminate the worker's indemnity (or lost wages) benefits.
Then, once the injured worker's treating physician signs off on the jobs in the Labor Market Survey), the workers compensation insurance company can immediately reduce or terminate the employee's lost wage benefits.
Thus, vocational rehabilitation is a sham and a farce, and no friend to the injured worker. In fact, vocational rehabilitation can be the injured worker's biggest nightmare.
So basically, vocational rehabilitation is supposed to serve two functions in a workers compensation claim: (1) a program for

########
Rank: 29
Score: 31.099745
Retrieved Text: Talk To Your Defense Attorney About How You Can Learn From A Workers' Comp Case - Do You Have a Medical Malpractice Case?
If you own a business and someone you employ is injured on the job, you could end up in a legal situation. The employee's attorney may seek to demonstrate that your negligence caused the injury, while your own workers' compensation defense attorney will put the blame on the carelessness of the employee. As you get through the suit in one way or another, it's not time to bid farewell to your workers' compensation attorney just yet. Instead, talk to him or her about how you can learn from this case, especially if you lost, to reduce the risk of further legal matters such as this one. Here are some things that you can learn.
When an employee is hurt, his or her attorney will often make the argument that the employer didn't provide enough safety training. In other words, because the injured employee wasn't fully aware of the risks of a certain type of behavior, he or she ended up getting hurt. Your own workers' compensation attorney will likely talk to you about the importance of safety training. This not only lowers the risk of injuries but can also counter the claim that you were negligent should another injury occur sometime in the future.
Your workers' compensation attorney will also strongly advocate for you to make physical improvements to your place of work, especially if something of this nature led to the employee's injury. For example,

================



======= Instance Index 8 =========
Input Text: A boy is leaving line because he's tired of listening to the teacher's orders, what might the teacher give?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- punishment
- utter chaos
- trouble
- have to start over
- high five

Target Text: punishment

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 33.10775
Retrieved Text: On a special teacher's day. a kindergarten teacher was receiving gifts from her pupils. The florist's son handed her a gift. She shooked it, held it over her head, and said, "I bet I know what it is...flowers. "That's right!" said the boy. "But how did you know?" Just a wild guess, she said.
The next pupil was the candy store owner's daughter. The teacher held her gift overhead, shooked it, and said, "I bet I can guess what it is... a box of candy. "That's right!" But how did you know?" asked the girl. "Just a lucky guess," said the teacher.
The next gift was from the liquor store owner's son. The teacher held it over her head but it was leaking. She touched a drop of the leakage with her finger and tasted it. "Is it wine?" she asked. "No, the boy replied. The teacher repeated the process, touching another drop of the leakage to her tongue. "Is it champagne?" she asked. "No," the boy replied. The teacher then said, "I give up, what is it?"

########
Rank: 1
Score: 31.624016
Retrieved Text: In Eastern traditions we always teach more by analogy than by analysis because when you are speaking of the Infinite, you are in analysis, you are trying to de-fine that which is in-finite. It can't be done.
In analogy you have a multi-level reality, and at whichever level of reality your consciousness is, you pick up the meaning at that level.
And as your consciousness expands, three years from now, you understand it differently. You look at the same analogy again, and you say, "Oh, no I didn't understand it the first time. This is what he's talking about."
You contemplate that and work with that, and two years, five years later your consciousness expands further, and you say, "No, no, no. The first two times was nothing. Now I've got it."
And so it goes on. And that is why also Christ spoke in parables, and all the great teachers, masters, always tell you stories.
There is the story of a great Sufi teacher, teacher of the Sufi tradition – Sufis are the Muslim mystics of the Middle East. And this Sufi teacher was traveling and found a companion. And he and the companion traveled together and stayed at the same wayside inns and chatted about all kinds of different things on the journey.
The last night of their travel together . . . . You see, the teachers often play crazy. Real great teachers – you can never figure them out. If you can figure him out, he's not a great teacher because they are marching to a whole different

########
Rank: 2
Score: 31.402172
Retrieved Text: This has been a week of good byes for Fletcher. His favorite teacher's assistant Mrs. Sybil and his PT assistant Mrs. Jenni have left their jobs at TCC. We are sad for us, but we are happy for them because we know that God has big plans for the two of them. We want them to know how special they will always be to us and how grateful we are for their love, dedication and hard work!
Fletcher and Mrs. Jenni his physical therapist.
Fletcher and Mrs. Sybil his favorite teacher's assistant.
Well, Fletcher had his appointment with Dr. Hildebrand on Wednesday. It went okay I guess. Fletcher will be having surgery on his eye again. We don't have a date set yet. Fletcher is having a CT scan next Thursday and Dr. Hildebrand wants to wait for the results of the CT scan before he makes a decision on what to do surgery wise. I'll keep you posted.
Fletcher also got new glasses today. This is his third pair. The last ones were way too small for him and I think that's why he didn't like them. So, we'll see if this pair is any better. I really don't know how to chose glasses for myself let alone my 2 year old! The picture I'm posting is from today. He drove his power chair to school and then he got new glasses, went to school and had OT immediately after class. He was pretty tired when I took the picture. If you look closely at his mouth that's what

########
Rank: 3
Score: 31.396637
Retrieved Text: | Laura Marano's star power is the key to it's appeal, but it's the story that makes the movie worthwhile.
Let's face it; The main reason this indie flick has any attention in the first place, is because it stars Laura Marano of Austin & Ally fame. As talented as she is, it's the movie itself that makes it worth watching, because it contains an unusual subject matter with interesting characters.
Amy Hartington (Michelle Clunie), a news producer in CNN-type network in New York City is about to go on another assignment, nearly halfway across the world, when she gets a message demanding that she takes care of some legal matter with her old high school teacher (Kathleen Wilhoite) back home in Lafayette, Louisiana. For some reason, this teacher declared her next of kin, even though they aren't related. When she finally arrives at the teacher's house, the woman is on her deathbed being taken care of by various visiting nurses, one of which is ending her shift. After a drunken dream about her youth, she tells her teacher the story of how she got to join the debate team in high school, and for most of the rest of the movie, her character is played by Laura Marano, and the movie is set in the mid-1980's. I personally remember a title card indicating she joined the team to be with a boy we don't actually see, which makes me think it might've been for an early draft of the script.
As a teenager, Amy practically made a second

########
Rank: 4
Score: 30.948296
Retrieved Text: (Clearwisdom.net) In 1991, I had a serious problem with my neck caused by a narrowing of the cervical canal. I had surgery that took seven and a half hours. After the surgery, I had to stay in bed with an IV for seven days, and for three months after that, I was in a body cast from my head down to my chest. I could not get up on my own and needed help. The results of the surgery were not too good and I had a protrusion of the inter-vertebral disc and fused vertebrae. I had to be hospitalized several times because of these problems. I couldn't go back to work for more than two years. Unfortunately, when I did finally go back to work, it only took a little time before I was sick again.
Just as I was losing all hope, one person who had attended Teacher's Fa lectures recommended that I try Falun Gong. She loaned me a copy of the book China Falun Gong and a tape recording of Teacher's lectures. She also told me that Teacher had accepted an invitation by the Dalian Qigong Association to come and teach the Fa and exercises in Dalian City. She also recommended that I attend the class. According to what she said, my husband and I immediately began reading the book and listening to the tape. We felt that what Teacher said was so good that we dismissed the idea of asking Teacher to heal me, and we decided to attend the lecture.
March 27,

########
Rank: 5
Score: 30.938993
Retrieved Text: The Business Result DVD Edition Teacher's Book supports the teacher in every aspect of business English teaching.
Notes, activities, and supplementary material in the Teacher's Book provide teachers with extra ideas and support. The tests for each unit at the end of the book allow teachers to give students extra practice, and help to track their progress.
The Class DVD features all the video material that can also be found on the Student's Interactive Workbook DVD-ROM. Each unit includes a video clip that can be used as a focal point of discussion, to develop students' listening skills, introduce new vocabulary and teach the business communication skills that students need in context.
The Class DVD also includes a downloadable DVD worksheet for every clip, ready to print off and use immediately in class. The worksheets include listening and speaking practice, video script, and answer key.
The Teacher Training DVD helps to put teaching theory into practice. It includes classroom footage and author commentary, and shows teachers how Business Result works in the classroom.
The Teacher Training DVD gives practical tips and help for teaching business English. 15 pedagogical areas are covered across the five levels, such as social English, needs analysis, and business writing.
The Teacher Training DVD can be used for introducing new teachers to business English teaching, giving in-house teacher training, or familiarizing teachers with Business Result material.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 30.886496
Retrieved Text: "I support you. I'm here for you." I heard myself saying this to my client, but I was feeling less and less sure about it. I wanted him to succeed, to turn things around in his classroom, to learn and grow and actualize his goal of becoming a strong and effective teacher. But how much—and for how long—could I ethically "support" someone whose challenges were so directly and so adversely impacting so many eighth-grade students?
I subscribe to Elena Aguilar's model of transformational coaching: Effective coaching can guide clients to change not only their behaviors but also their beliefs and ways of being. This teacher was open to coaching and committed to improving. I had pledged to work with him as much as necessary. The questions remained, however: Is it fair for a student to wait out their teacher's transformational process? What about the content they needs to be learning right now? What about their sense of self as a learner, their self-esteem?
Working with this teacher was presenting me with a moral quandary. Only four weeks into the school year, I was already hearing constant complaints about him from other teachers and students.
"My students are coming from his class to mine and they're exasperated," teachers would tell me.
"He doesn't teach us anything!" the students in general would tell me.
"He always sends me out!" the Black students would tell me.
"I hear you," I would respond. "I'm working with him. Don't you see me in the back of the classroom with my walkie-talkie and him with the earpiece in

########
Rank: 7
Score: 30.431906
Retrieved Text: he's currently enrolled with the same teacher he had last year, who is fine, but lame. and its just 8:40-11:15... shortie. the other option has a new teacher, new-er... and it runs 8:40-2:30.... longie. he'd have lunch there, and a 'rest', ha, i say, rest. pbbbttt... it might be too long for him, i don't know. . . but when i think about having three days a week home alone with just the baby, it seems manageable and the winds blow favorably.... but when i wonder if he's really ready for the longer day, i don't know if i'm missing my last opportunities with him and the freedom of not-being-in-school. and then i vaguely remember how tired i am going to be in the next few months. . .
he's also going to kindergarten next year and maybe learning how to handle a longer day now will make that adjustment easier.
because i am waiting for a phone call, because i don't know this principal personally, i am just about ready to chuck it all out the window and run away... its partly a hearing issue, so doubtful that i'll present confidence when doubting every single thing i've heard... and i'll probably make mistakes and have to explain my own disability. . . i hate that sometimes really. and i'm not sure what i want, so what kind of confidence does that show?! aye?
so? dealing with questions ? running away? dealing with the unknown of 'whats best for my kid?'?
blahblah blah and more blingityblahblah.
we've struggled with this same

########
Rank: 8
Score: 30.192318
Retrieved Text: I've used this interpretation for so long I don't recall if I developed it or read it somewhere. Confirmation comes from feedback and from seeing it in much larger numbers when I'm working with groups of educators and trainers.
And, do you also find teacher's square?!
B.t.w. if you get a clear picture of this tented arch pattern from your collection, please post again.
I am assuming that its a reversed(heads down) tented arch pattern.
The ridges connect above it( on the raising line of the raised line) b/w the little-apollo and apollo-saturn combination. Hope, I am right.
Hi Kiran, My understanding that the square on Jupiter mount refers to organizational skills which can be seen on administrators and teachers as well within large organization.
zaobhand wrote: Hi Kiran, My understanding that the square on Jupiter mount refers to organizational skills which can be seen on administrators and teachers as well within large organization.
Yeah Boaz. So, teachers fall under its category. So,just wanted to check with Patti's experience on this. And also, if there was any difference in the approach of teaching b/w a person with teacher's square and a person with the teacher's arch, which Patti has described.
Me, I mainly read books & forum. My work doesn't allow me time and framework for seeing hands.
We need a new thread for this one..
zaobhand wrote: Not necessarily, someone with square on Jupiter can have good organization skills but be poor teacher. But lets hear from Patti's experience. :8->: Me, I mainly read books & forum. My work doesn't allow me time and framework

########
Rank: 9
Score: 29.781826
Retrieved Text: Boys Town National Research Hospital > Hearing Services > Hearing and Balance Center > What are FM systems?
In a typical classroom, there are often many distracting background noises such as talking, paper rustling, shuffling feet, air-handling systems and audio-visual equipment. These sounds may be almost as loud as a teacher's voice.
In addition, most teachers move around the classroom or turn away from students when writing on a chalkboard, causing the loudness of their voice to vary. For most students with normal hearing, everyday classroom noises do not cause problems.
For students with a hearing loss, however, background noises and distance can interfere with hearing and understanding. For these students, hearing aids can amplify the teacher's voice, but they also amplify background noises. Even with the use of hearing aids distance effects are still present. Students with minimal or fluctuating hearing loss, unilateral (one-sided) hearing loss or attention problems also struggle with background noise interference and distance effects, and may not be candidates for hearing aids.
What is available to students to help with these problems?
FM (Frequency Modulated) systems may be a solution for many students. FM amplification systems (also called auditory trainers) transmit the teacher's voice directly to the student at a constant level, insuring that the teacher's voice is heard above the level of background noise, regardless of the teacher's distance from the student.
FM systems consist of a microphone, a transmitter (or mic-transmitter combination), a receiver and some method of routing sounds from the receiver to the student's ear.
The teacher wears the microphone and transmitter. The microphone

########
Rank: 10
Score: 29.591797
Retrieved Text: How to resolve child-teacher conflict.
"I hate school. My teacher is mean!" At one time or another, nearly every parent of a school-age youngster has heard their child express their displeasure with the entire educational establishment during a frustrating homework session or after a rough day.
While you may initially brush off their dramatic declarations, what do you do if your child seems to be growing increasingly distressed with school and her teacher?
An elementary school child's disdain for her teacher may grow out of a variety of factors, such as adjusting from a beloved former teacher's management style to a new teacher's approach. Other influences on a child's attitude toward his teacher include class size, peer competition, increased homework, more demanding, independent school work, as well as, differences between home and school environments.
Allow your child time to adjust to his teacher's expectations and rules. If his complaints persist, ask objective questions, like: "How is the work for you? How are you getting along with the other kids?"
"By doing that you can get a flavor of the environment rather than the situation," says Dr. Stephanie Mihalas, a child psychologist and a nationally certified school psychologist, who frequently helps students and parents manage and resolve school conflicts. "You may get an idea that something else is happening that's triggering the 'meanness' and then at that point, you have more information to call or email the teacher."
Notice patterns like red marks and notes from the teacher on classwork. If your student struggles and seems afraid to ask questions, discuss appropriate times

########
Rank: 11
Score: 29.499197
Retrieved Text: I'm leaving you, church. I'm done with you. I can't take it anymore. And in case you're wondering, it's not me; it's you. I'm leaving you, church, and this is an open letter as to why. I'm tired of not being listened to. I think what I think and say matters. I should be listened to. What I have to say is important, and it's not just me that thinks that; others believe what I have to say is important also. But you aren't listening to me. It sometimes appears as if you have no interest in what I have to say. You've almost convinced me that what I say does not matter. But it does, you won't act like it's so, so I'm leaving.
I'm tired of the way you are living. I've done my best to live as righteously and obediently as possible, and I desperately want you to do the same. But you keep failing miserably. In fact, church, it seems you often look to do the very opposite of what you should. I encourage, cajole, and demand you go one way, and you go in the opposite direction. I don't know what to do anymore. It would be one thing if you were trying to live righteously, but simply falling short. But some of you are just hypocrites, and I can't take it anymore. I should not be around people with such deplorable values and lifestyles.
I'm tired of not being loved. You don't love me. You should. You sometimes say you do. But

########
Rank: 12
Score: 29.446522
Retrieved Text: Jennifer wants to become a flight attendant when she graduates from college.
She asked a teacher's advice about which subjects she should study at school.
The teacher told her that languages would be very useful but that the most important qualities for the job could not be learnt only at school.
He said that flight attendants need to be kind and friendly people.
Jennifer wants to become a flight attendant /when she graduates from college.
She asked a teacher's advice / about which subjects she should study at school.
The teacher told her / that languages would be very useful / but that the most important qualities for the job / could not be learnt only at school.
He said (that) he was tired but that he would go.
He said (that) he was tired, but he went.
He said / that flight attendants need to be kind and friendly people.
[例] He said (that) he was tired but that he would go.
[例] I need to go.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 29.349478
Retrieved Text: In addition to non-verbal ways to communicate their mathematical ideas, children should use oral language to describe actions, numbers, and shapes in classroom mathematics activities. Students begin this process of developing mathematical language by describing their ideas in their own words -- often invented to fit the situation. Recall the boy in the video clip who first described the pattern block he was holding as "squarish," even though he was not supposed to tell the name of the piece. In his mind, "squarish" did not name the piece; he was describing the piece in his own words. This kind of invented language may occur in all mathematical topics and is an important stage in mathematical development.
The readiness of students to move from invented to standard vocabulary will vary greatly. Recall in the video that some of the students recognized that to be a fractional part, all of the pieces had to be the same size. Others had not made sense of that important concept yet.
Another aspect of oral language that should be considered is listening. By listening to one another and to the teacher, students can become aware of other perspectives and strategies. This is a critical developmental task for young children and will facilitate group work later. Students also begin to learn to ask questions of one another and of the teacher to help clarify and refine their understanding about a concept. In the Finding the Area of Dot-Paper Shapes activity, it was important for children to listen to the description of the pieces so

########
Rank: 14
Score: 29.08988
Retrieved Text: Wornum told the Boston Globe that the interaction left her feeling "humiliated and embarrassed" by her teacher's use of the slur while the class discussed Huckleberry Finn. Wornum said she was too scared to come forward about it at first, worried that a complaint might impact her grades and her future at the elite school.
That all changed in January, when students at the school started a social media campaign to raise awareness about racial issues at the school. This gave Wornum the confidence to tell her mother, Rosalind Wornum, about her teacher's words. Rosalind has now met with the school's headmaster Lynn Mooney Teta to demand the termination of the teacher's position at Boston Latin.
"That [statement] was cultural incompetence," the mother said in a recent interview. "What was she expecting from making that statement to her? Is it standard process in addressing the book?" she said in reference to the novel, which uses the racist term frequently.
Destinee explained that her teacher said the term to incite a conversation about the novel. And after she said the racial slur, asked her, "How does that make you feel?" While Destinee understood what the teacher may have been attempting to do, she explained, "I feel like if she wanted to make a point about the n-word, there's always a different way to go about it." Destinee added, "It gives the white students more reason to act out because they see it's OK."
Headmaster Teta has condemned the teacher's use of the n-word and apologized for not addressing the matter sooner.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 28.804209
Retrieved Text: Is God's lack of direct revelation to humans a good proof that He does not exist?
A little girl spoke up and wanted to ask the boy some questions. The teacher agreed and the little girl questioned the boy.
TOMMY: Yessssss (getting tired of the questions this time).
LITTLE GIRL: Do you see the teacher's mind?
The above joke is a good lesson in the problem of trying to prove the existence of God using the scientific tools available to us. A Creator God, if He exists, must, by definition, exist beyond the limits of the universe in order to have created it. The laws of physics tell us that we cannot make measurements beyond the limits of this universe. Therefore, scientists can conclusively determine that we cannot ever detect God using any of our instruments.
However, God is not restricted to our limitations and could choose to reveal part of Himself to us. God could not reveal His entirety to us without causing major problems in our universe. The sudden appearance of dimensions and matter(?) from outside the universe would destroy anything in the vicinity and maybe even destroy the entire universe. This is why the Bible says that nobody can see God and live.1 However, God could reveal His nature by communicating with humans and sending an incarnated version of Himself. This is exactly what Christianity claims - that God gave messages to humans (through the prophets) and sent an incarnation of Himself (His Son), who took on the form of a human2 in order to interact with humans

########
Rank: 16
Score: 28.796547
Retrieved Text: My teaching approach: My approach is based on the student's learning. I will teach for each student...photo, verbal, repetition...anything needed. Every lesson is different. It's all up to the student.My influences are: Satriani, James Taylor, Hendrix...countless musicians and singers ranging from Country to Hip Hop.My guitar lessons take place in: The teacher's studio or the student's homeGuitar Lessons with me take place in the following areas: Sherwood, AR - HWY 107 on the right just past Wal-MartGuitar Techniques: Guidance In Equipment Selection, Song Writing, Scales and Exercises, Music Theory, Reading Music, Jamming Skills, Lead guitar, Rhythm guitar, Open tuning, Fingerstyle, Performance, ImprovisationYour first guitar lesson with me might include the following: I ask a student what they know and then have them show me. I then ask them different questions regarding theory, songwriting, improv, and other things to see where they are. The first lesson is all about getting to know one another and where we stand. I'm a teacher...but I maintain a friendship with each student.A guitar lesson with me might entail the following: First question is always, "What do you know?" Followed by, "What do you want to know?" Unlike a lot of other teachers around, your lesson wont be 75% listening to what i can do. It's all about the student learning...and listening to me have a jam session doesn't really accomplish much.The qualities I look for in an ideal guitar student might include the following: Being an ideal student has nothing to do with what you are capable of. Potential and raw

########
Rank: 17
Score: 28.79263
Retrieved Text: HARLEM (WABC) -- There are shocking allegations against a New York City school teacher accused of abusing a student, and apparently this isn't the first charge levied against him.
The latest incident involves a 7-year-old boy who was allegedly thrown across the hallway at PS 194 in Harlem, in what officials say is the fifth time he has been accused of abusing a student.
The teacher has been suspended, but the boy's mother wants him arrested. Additionally, the Department of Education says Osman Couey will be fired, but mom Chantel Phinazee says that's just not enough.
Seven-year-old Ka'veon Wilson is a bright and happy second grader who went through a very dark time back in December.
"My son is scared to sleep in the dark without a night light," Phinazee said. "He wakes up in the middle of the night. He talks in his sleep because he's scared. It's ridiculous."
Phinazee had to request an emergency transfer after the school's principal called to inform her that her son was the victim of abuse at the hands of his teacher.
"I don't trust this school," she said. "Ya'll waited a month to tell me, didn't care at all about what was going on with my son. You kept it from me. So I don't trust them no more than I did before."
Couey has been at the school since 1993 and has a history of incidents involving children. There have been four previous letters of reprimand on his record, though this one is the first to be substantiated due to video surveillance that captured

########
Rank: 18
Score: 28.511236
Retrieved Text: a third-year teacher's escapades in the realm of the public high school. sometimes witty. sometimes sad. sometimes angry. always exhausted. it's a bumpy ride, but i wait for the moments that make it worth it.
still out at the summer camp. between the kids and the waitressing, i'm staying ungodly busy. but i like it that way.
but i have this one little boy in my group. he is quite possibly the most obnoxious kid i've ever met in my life...most of the time. but there are times when he chills out, and he's a cool little kid.
anyways, the other day we took the kids fishing. as we're walking down the street, he asks my co-counselor, "what's that sign say?" she told him to read it. he attempted to sound it out, but failed miserably. so, she told him, "it says 'area'".
she told me about this, so i started asking him questions, pointing at things to see if he could read them, asking his alphabet, etc. i gave him a sheet of paper and asked him to write down his alphabet. i got "A, B, C, F, E, D..." at that point i started coaching him through it. he'd sing the alphabet song until he got to the letter he needed, then he'd write it down and start all over again.
we got to "K", and i asked him what comes after it. he thinks, sings the song, then says, "LEMONEN-O....O is next." i asked him what all that stuff before "O" was, and he told me it was

########
Rank: 19
Score: 28.444286
Retrieved Text: A Teacher's Life… – My thoughts, my words, and the hope of changing the world!
My thoughts, my words, and the hope of changing the world!
I was tired of using random pieces of paper, so I created a simple and functional weekly “To Do” list. I hope it’s useful for you. Enjoy. 🙂 Simply click the preview of the template or the download link below.
I thought it would be nice to give you a tour of my classroom before the teacher magic happens. I’d love your thoughts on how to transform my room into a student friendly environment for my Early College students. I’ll do an update once my classroom is set up.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 28.361956
Retrieved Text: The 6 train travels from the top of The Bronx to the tip of the City, through posh and poor neighborhoods. It's part of my daily commute to and from work. Hidden behind dark sunglasses and head bopping to Jay Z, Alicia Keys or Nas; the 6 is where I sleep, write, drink coffee and people watch.
Mostly people watch. I should have been a sociology major. For those who've never experienced public transportation in New York City, think of it like every trashy reality show but confined in an underground moving space. I like to watch all kinds of people, listen to what they're saying. I am always inspired on the 6.
Anyway...I often observe parents interacting with their children. I'm not judging. I'm observing.
And that always kills me.
I waited so long to hear The Boy speak. And I know of so many parents who are still waiting. Some parents wait a lifetime.
And even though The Boy can talk. It's so rare when he talks TO me. It's so rare when he asks me a question. And it's so rare that he is excited to share something with me that he can't "shut up" about it.
I remember those first few months before and after diagnosis, friends, family and strangers would say to me "Just you wait, once he starts talking you'll be begging him to shut up."
When The Boy talks. I stop and I listen. I want him to know that I hear him. And that I value what he has to say.
And I'll be honest, there

########
Rank: 21
Score: 28.309025
Retrieved Text: 28/11/2004 · I found a bee colony in a dead tree on my property. Any advice on 1) how to find out if there's honey and 2) how to harvest it and/or move the colony into conventional beehouses.
Answer Man Are 'killer bees' in the mountains?
Killer Bee Nest. Africanized bees have small colonies, so they can build nests in unique places. They have been known to live in tires, crates, boxes, water meter boxes, tree limbs, utility poles, junk piles, holes in the ground, mailboxes, overturned flower pots and empty cars.
The bees with the bad PR are actually Africanized honey bees (AHB) — or Apis mellifera scutellata if you want to get technical. The “killer bee” pseudonym was the doing of our friends in the media.
The Killer Bees will then tell Link to find Joy Pendants for Mrs. Marie, for her birthday is coming up soon. They ask this of Link since the Killer Bees do not consider themselves teacher's pets,  and apologizing themselves would not fall in line with the gang's style.
He's in the tree by the poor guy. Just roll into the tree and he will jump out! after that the killer bees give you a peice of heart and if you talk to the teacher, she''l give you 50 rupees.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 28.132101
Retrieved Text: Did not expect one route turned out to be here, and then laugh Jay a few of them came to the ward of one route can be just into the ward things in front of stunned. One route is tied to the bed, doctors have the whole giving him the injection, one route has also been noisy, the body has been shaking. Small peak on the teacher said: looked lying in bed mad one route. After a while, doctors have a shot to the one route after left before leaving a bit of medical teacher said: also need your help. , because only you can make a flight to calm down ah,louis vuitton uk! Wen Hui went to the teacher's side and asked: one route cloth enchantment, so Xiaohong not find him. : Hang a smile on the teacher said: Air looks like he is also not crazy like too. Laugh Jie them towards the teacher and an Air laugh Jie teacher said: Jay said: said: know one route looked to laugh Jay a few of them smile, said: you. this to one route cloth knot sector's! Airlines will not play the fool, and do not suffer in this hospital. if at home, even if the teacher's enchantment,louis vuitton sale, Xiaohong as find his teacher and one route looked to laugh Jie. The teacher smiled and laughed Jay said: laugh Jay was right, so I only then one route sent here, so the the Xiaohong would not find one route,louis vuitton outlet, but I think yesterday,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 28.129047
Retrieved Text: What do I enjoy most about working with and teaching children? The rewarding feeling of watching young children grow and develop by providing them with exciting learning opportunities and to know you make a difference in the lives of young children.
When I am not at school, you can find me...Spending time with my husband, 2 boys and our puppy Cricket.
Something you might not know about me... I lived in Tripoli, Libya for 2 years and 1 year in Aberdeen, Scotland when I was growing up.
Teacher's message: I look forward to being a part of your child’s educational experience. We will have a memorable year!
What do I enjoy most about working with and teaching children? I love teaching children because they are enthusiastic about learning new things and every day is different.
When I am not at school, you can find me...skiing, biking, hiking in the mountains with my two children and my husband.
Something you might not know about me... My family love road trips. Our most recent trip was to Disney World with stops in Colorado, Tennessee, and Texas to name a few.
Teacher's message: It takes a big heart to help shape little minds.
What do I enjoy most about working with and teaching children? To see the world ( and life ) through a child's eyes.
When I'm not at school you can find me... At home with my husband,daughter and two dogs.
Teacher's Message: " Be of good cheer.Do not think of today's failures,but of the success that may come tomorrow " - Helen Keller.
What do I love

########
Rank: 24
Score: 28.089447
Retrieved Text: Looking for a truly unique teacher's gift for the end of term or for Christmas? How about a personalised book plate rubber stamp with the teacher's name on to ensure all books are safely returned? Or are you a teacher? Give your classroom library the personal touch with this stamp.
Book design with teacher's name and choice of 2 messages above 'This book belongs to' and 'From the library of'.
Personalisation can be up to 16 letters and spaces.
I will mount these stamps on a 3.8cm x 3.8cm block, actial stamp size varies depending on the stamp design, personalisation chosen and extra message. Font size may vary again to best fit the design/block. In some circumstances I may have to put the title (eg Mrs, Miss, Mr) on a line above.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 28.069323
Retrieved Text: August 12 marks International Youth Day and I have a great little story to inspire us. It's the story of my friend's son. My friend and her husband were called to their son's school one day. They were both a little worried and surprised. After all, their kid is the quintessence of gentle. What kind of trouble could he possibly be in? They arrived in school and the teacher began explaining what had happened in gym.
The kids were told to line up in the yard. Each was given a ball and they were then asked to run to the other side of the yard and drop their ball on the line. Ready, steady, GO! The kids began running as fast as their little feet could carry them, but this little boy was faster than the rest.
At this point in the story my friends exchanged a confused looked and wondered where the problem was? He's gifted! God bless! But the teacher continued.
Even though this little boy was faster than the rest, he would slow down, look back and deliberately delay his arrival at the line, so that he could reach it along with everyone else. He would literally sabotage his own advantage in order to make his friends not feel so bad. The teacher then took a deep breath and begged my friends to please teach their son to harness his gift and to use it to his best ability! The others were holding him back!
And now I ask you, dear readers. Which was this youth's gift?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 28.034029
Retrieved Text: > A teacher can see you from all angles, making minor adjustments in your posture to help you get the most from each position.
> A teacher can advise you on the best postures for your particular physical challenges, such as a stiff neck, lower back pain, or tennis elbow.
> If you have a class to attend at a prescheduled time, you may be less likely to put off or skip your practice. And regular exercise is the most beneficial for anyone.
> Other students learning yoga along with you can offer peer support and camaraderie, in addition to your teacher's encouragement.
> A class and a qualified teacher in conjunction with personal practice and lots of books on the subject will teach you more about yoga than any one of these methods alone.
When you look for a yoga class, you have several factors to consider: the teacher's method and approach, the size of the class, class schedules, and so on. Plan to spend some time exploring the possibilities before you find the teacher and the class that suit your particular needs.
Yoga classes vary greatly in their format and approach, so if you do decide to take a class, you'll first want to do a bit of shopping. The right yoga class is highly personal—what you love, your friends may not benefit from at all, and vice versa. If you are used to a high-energy, aerobic workout, you may initially be impatient with yoga's slower pace, although it will serve as an excellent balance for your life. If you're

########
Rank: 27
Score: 28.03127
Retrieved Text: Eighty-three-year-old Joe Greco is a mainstay at Menomonee Falls High School.
"Every day is another thrilling day," said Greco.
Greco has been a substitute teacher at the school for 16 years. He began subbing after retirement, and he loves it."I don't accept old age," he said. "Old age is a matter of being up here."
"The respect he gets is amazing because he respects the kids," said Bob Vitale, Principal of Menomonee Falls High School.
"You never get bored here and you never get old cause kids won't let ya," said Greco.
Greco spent decades in management and sales before retiring early, but teaching was always a dream.
"When I was in high school I told my counselor I want to be a teacher," he said. "She said no, no, no teacher's don't make any money, so I didn't...I wish I wouldn't have listened to that counselor. I wish I would've been a teacher!"
But now the octogenarian follows his heart. He's a sought-after substitute teacher for a variety of subjects from chemistry to English to art. And the grandfather gets high marks from the staff and students.
That same sentiment is echoed by Senior Brynn Wozniak.
"He's such a positive role model to have in the classroom," said Wozniak. "I've had him as a sub several times over my last four years of high school and he always, there are some subs you get really excited when you see in the classroom and he's one of those people."
Joe Greco is a natural born leader, a role model and a father figure. He gets emotional

########
Rank: 28
Score: 27.986343
Retrieved Text: Humphrey had just turned 100 when Bret, 16, was a guest at a party for this man he didn’t know. Bret went along to help an old neighbor lady who had known Humphrey all her life. He didn’t mind standing in line with her to shake Humphrey’s hand along with all the other guests who appeared to number in the hundreds.
The line moved slowly because Humphrey talked a little with each guest as they bent over his wheelchair while shaking his hand. Bret didn’t mind because he figured at his age, Humphrey might indeed know something Bret didn’t know. Besides all that food on the buffet table looked very good.
When it was Bret’s turn, Humphrey shook his hand, laughed and looked up at the boy and told him not to be so serious because life is short no matter how long it lasts and after death no one goes to Mars.
"Look at it this way, young fella. We either go to heaven, hell or nowhere whether we believe there's an afterlife or not.
"If we go nowhere," Humphrey said, "it’s like being one of those pandas they try so hard to save in China while letting people die. No one thinks pandas go anywhere when they die but pandas are cute. Many people aren’t. And if there’s no difference between pandas and people, why not save the cute?"
Bret didn’t know much about pandas in China but he kept listening. It was the least he could do as Humphrey continued. And the buffet table was crowded with people

########
Rank: 29
Score: 27.949602
Retrieved Text: As the Thanksgiving season is upon us I have a lot of things for which to be grateful, but one thing that keeps coming back to me is how blessed we have been by our children's teachers since we've moved here. For the girls sake, I don't want to go into too many specifics but they've both had their share of struggles academically. The teacher's have always been very open to communicate with us and to provide whatever resources they could for us.
I keep hearing from other's about "one size fits all" teaching and I can honestly say that has been the furthest from our experience these past 3 years. I know each of these teacher's has gone out of her way to adapt the classroom and teaching to my specific kid and her needs. All of them have communicated with me openly and freely and what I love most is that they always come to me with a solution already in mind. Eveen when they have felt stumped they've mentioned that they would talk to the other teacher's in the grade for helpful ideas. They've been willing to listen to any of my concerns and to act on the things we've discussed quickly.
I can't express enough what a blessing and a relief it is to send my kids to school and know that whatever struggles they have that day they have someone at school who I know is in their corner routing for them. It's made an amazing difference. It fills my heart when Kendall

================



======= Instance Index 9 =========
Input Text: A bride and groom are taking care of proposals, what is the likely ceremony?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- efficiency
- getting work done
- marriage
- finishing up
- results

Target Text: marriage

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 40.420525
Retrieved Text: The bride and the groom will be flanked on the wedding dress choice with special attention to details and accessoires to make the look complete: amazing shoes, precious and customized, starting from the smart décolleté, for a traditional bride, to the funny flip flops embellished with rhinestones, for a romantic ceremony by the sea; Not to forget the immaculate Nail Art, with endless proposals and colors.
Nail Art Personal details and traditional good luck charms will enrich and complete your look, both for the bride and the groom. Big attention to the new trends, such as temporary tattoos on your skin, as well as the tattoo effect of the wedding dress lace, or the midi and mini lines and the coloured and floral dresses.
Without taking into account the romantic princess dress, or the immense train of Valencia lace for the ‘protagonist’ bride.
For the groom, the fun multi-coloured socks, stripped or patterned, combined with braces for a less conventional look, or the dandy or ascot look, tails and shiny materials, extremely fascinating and sought after.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 39.779995
Retrieved Text: History The custom of the wedding unity coins originated in Spain. The madrina de arras holds the thirteen gold unity coins (arras) are given to the bride by the bridegroom, signifying he will support her. Often presented in ornate boxes or gift trays, this represents the brides dowry and holds good wishes for prosperity. These coins become a part of their family heirloom.
Grooms pledge to the bride The groom gives the bride thirteen gold unity coins as a symbol of his unquestionable trust and confidence. The symbolism, which may be explained by the officiant, is that the Groom recognizes his responsibility as a provider, and pledges his ability to support and care for her. Acceptance by the bride means taking that trust and confidence unconditionally with total dedication and prudence.
Why 13 coins? The number 13 represents Christ and his 12 apostles.
How to use in the ceremony The Unity coins are presented to the priest by a friend or relative (usually the purchaser). The priest then blesses the coins and hands them to the bride who places them in the grooms cupped hands at the beginning of the ceremony. The coins are then placed on a tray and handed to an assistant to be held until later in the ceremony. Near the end of the ceremony the box and coins are given to the priest who places the unity coins in the box and hands them to the groom.
Wording on the Coins These tokens generally have the words "Recuerdo Matrimonial" which translates as "Wedding Souvenir" or "Marriage

########
Rank: 2
Score: 38.416893
Retrieved Text: Alpheus Weddings, a fully ATOL bonded company offers all inclusive wedding packages that include the wedding, flights and accommodation to befit the bride and groom, and the guests.
Great news for couples planning for a romantic event, Alpheus Weddings, the one stop service for wedding arrangement offers wedding packages abroad to Barbados and Caribbean to suit all the needs of its clients and budgets. The company's packages include the wedding arrangements from beginning to end, flights and accommodation, and are covered by ATOL (9580), which is the travel industries financial protection.
For small or big ceremony, Alpheus Weddings packages offer pre-wedding planning at couple's accommodation with their wedding consultant, marriage license and stamp fee, marriage certificate, minister to perform the wedding ceremony, transportation to and from the Ministry of Home Affairs to obtain the marriage license and so forth. Incorporating with its sister company Alpheus Villa Holidays, Alpheus Marriages can arrange accommodation for both the bride and groom, and all of the guests attending the wedding.
"With our wedding packages abroad, the bride and groom can really enjoy the lead-up to their big day from the first moment they check in", reported Sarah Rickwood, an experienced marketer in the leisure industry and a Member of the Institute of Marketing. Continuing the talk, she added, "While they soak up their surrounds, our team of professionals or wedding planners takes care of every detail to ensure everything goes off without a hitch".
Taking the vows at Alpheus Weddings is a very Cinderella like experience. Bride and groom are assigned a wedding planner

########
Rank: 3
Score: 38.070488
Retrieved Text: Preparing for marriage is a time consuming thing with so much to do. I'll explain most of it in the next lesson, but I wanted to explain one difference in this lesson. In the western culture, they have friends standing next to the bride and groom during the wedding ceremony. At a minimum, it is one person. That person is called the best man. For the lady side, that person is called maid of honor. But if you have more than one, you usually have one best man, and multiple grooms men. For the ladies, they are called brides maid.
Brides maid - Other friends or relative standing next to the Maid of honor.
The best man and maid of honor have responsibilities such as taking care of the bride and groom, planning for parties and taking care of the presents, and many other things. We'll discuss more about this in the next session. Let's move on to practicing the material in this lesson.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 37.960632
Retrieved Text: Kerala Wedding Planners explaining about the actual wedding rituals in Nair Wedding. Read the blog and express your thoughts in the comment section below.
There is vast difference between the wedding rituals of North India and South India. Northern weddings are mainly about long celebrations of around 7-10 days with back to back customs, huge decorations and dancing. Southern weddings are relatively simple events and the celebration extends maximum 2-3 days.
The most simple and brief traditional South Indian wedding is Nair wedding. The concept of simple marriage rituals comes from their rich history as the groom gifting dhoti (Mundu) to the bride at her house was considered marriage in Nairs before late 19th and 20th century. After a little influence from the surrounding states, the concept of Nairs’ weddings has changed a bit. But the event is still brief and takes place in a very simple way.
Traditionally the wedding takes place at the bride’s residence or nearby temple. Firstly the horoscopes of the bride and groom are matched by their family astrologer and if the match is perfect then an auspicious date (muhurtham) is decided. Then comes the engagement ceremony (Nischayam). Gifts, rings and horoscopes are exchanged in this ceremony by both the families. After this Mehendi function is organized individually at the bride and groom’s residence. This is a little more celebrated ceremony as compared to other rituals as this involves dancing and enjoying one night before the marriage.
Then comes the main wedding function. The overall decorations are kept subtle keeping in accordance with the simplicity

########
Rank: 5
Score: 37.79075
Retrieved Text: Welcome to the Evan Godwin Photography Wedding Tip Series (WTS). This series of 10 blog posts, published every Friday for the next 10 weeks, will provide a list of helpful tips to consider when planning your wedding. With 400+ weddings worth of first-hand experience, these entries should help the planner-less bride (or even a few with planners) wade through the massive amounts of brain-frying information on the internet to focus on the most important things to consider when working with their wedding photographer.
Today’s topic of discussion is all about the First Look (and the cocktail hour)! Today’s bride is inundated with options that bride’s weren’t privy to a few years ago. Some view the First Look as a “trendy fad,” others the best decision they made regarding their wedding day. This entry was designed to not only illustrate the differences between the First Look and cocktail hour, but to break down the options for how the day would flow with either choice.
Some of you probably read that and the first thing that comes to mind is “What is a First Look?” Long story short, the First Look is where the bride and groom opt to see each other prior to the ceremony. Long story long(er), the First Look is an opportunity for the bride and groom to share an intimate “couple-only” moment before the ceremony where they can not only share the moment privately, but also alleviate their post-ceremony timeline from many of the portraits traditionally taken during that time.
When a groom is standing on the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 37.551903
Retrieved Text: 5 hours of continuous service.
Limousine fully stocked with bottled water and non-alcoholic refreshments on ice for your enjoyment.
Red Carpet service on arrival at the ceremony and reception.
Professional Chauffeur with white gloves.
Decorated limousine with ribbon and “Just Married” sign.
This package includes transportation for brides and bridesmaids and/or parents to the ceremony in a decorated limousine driven by a professional Chauffeur. Red carpet service when entering the limousine from the ceremony. The limousine is waiting for the Bride & Groom after the ceremony.
The Bride & Groom / wedding party will enjoy sightseeing and cruising in the luxury of the limousine to their photo destination and/or other planned stops. When photos are completed the Bride & Groom / wedding party will be transported to the reception, again more sightseeing if time allows before arrival at the reception. Red carpet service again awaits you on arrival at the reception.
Limousine and Chauffeur are at your service from original pick up until drop off at the reception.
Be a Princess on your special day!
Croissants, muffins, juice and coffee served enroute to the salon in the morning.
Red Carpet service on arrival at the ceremony and thereafter.
Gift basket waiting for you in the limousine after the ceremony.
1 complimentary bottle of sparkling beverage.
Limousine and Chauffeur at your service from transportation to the salon until the red carpet is rolled out at the reception in the evening.
Start the day with relaxing luxury transportation for the Bride and Bridesmaids to and from the hair salon; enjoy fresh croissants, muffins, juice and coffee in the limousine enroute to the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 37.421562
Retrieved Text: First of all apologies that it took so long to write this email!
Where do I start? Thank you doesnt seem to cover it! From start to finish the service was amazing! From the first email to the hard task of getting guests and groom to the ceremony on time lol! every single detail was attended! Annabel for paperwork, jaquie on the day itself and Gwen taking care of the photography! There is no doubt these ladoes know what they are doing, every email answered and every bit of advice given was exactly what was needed! To any future bride and groom you guys are in safe hands. Don’t stress just enjoy the planning! We had the wedding of our dreams and its all thanks to LGW!
a bit sad that its all over!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 37.348724
Retrieved Text: Personalised & plain aisle runners that add that finishing touch to your special day! Add your names to one of our personalised aisle runners to create a truly unique design and make a lasting impression on all of your family and friends.
Take a look below to find the ultimate aisle runner that reflects the theme that you want to imprint on your special day.
At Bride & Groom Direct, we fully understand how important it is for your wedding ceremony to be as perfect as possible. That is why in addition to our fabulous aisle runners, we also offer numerous further spectacular wedding ceremony accessories. Whether your looking for petal confetti or ring pillows & boxes, you can be assured that we have the perfect wedding ceremony accessory that suits your needs at Bride & Groom Direct.
So, give your wedding the perfect finishing touch by checking out our wedding ceremony section now.
Create your own Aisle Runner and more!
In addition to aisle runners, Bride & Groom Direct are also proud to provide our customers with an abundance of other personalised wedding accessories.
To check out the full range of breath-taking accessories that we offer at Bride & Groom Direct, head over to our spectacular wedding accessories page right now!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 37.264004
Retrieved Text: If you think about it, the Rehearsal Dinner has the potential to be an even more significant time for you than even your wedding rehearsal. Think about who attends the Rehearsal Dinner: Your best friends (bridesmaids/groomsmen), their dates or spouses, your closest family members and all those people who love you enough to have traveled from out of town to be with you on your special day. The people who surround you during your wedding rehearsal are your life’s core. The dinner gathering after your wedding rehearsal is your gift to them. These are the people who have helped you to plan for, pay for and set up for your wedding ceremony and reception. These are the people who, ultimately, will help you stay married. You definitely want to take advantage of this rare opportunity for you to be surrounded by the people who are the most meaningful to you in all your life.
One of the most meaningful rituals to take place during the Rehearsal Dinner is The Welcoming Ceremony. This is your moment to very outwardly welcome the bride into your family. During this ceremony, each member of the groom’s family presents a gift to the bride that represents themselves or the region from which they come. For example, if the groom’s brother lives in California, he might present the bride with a lovely California wine. If the groom’s parents live on a farm, they might present the bride with a jar of jam made from the blackberries picked last summer. Maybe the groom’s cousin

########
Rank: 10
Score: 37.24817
Retrieved Text: Indian Weddings are multi-day affair with full of traditions and fun. A typical traditional Indian Wedding is a standout amongst the festive weddings over the globe containing different types of cultures. It is a multi-day affair in view of the different traditions engaged with it. Like ancient heritage, these ceremonies have sacred and spiritual significance. While some rituals can leave you laughing like a jerk the others trickle down tears with their emotional intensity. Kanyadan is one such moment that can bring down tears in the eyes of the bride and her parents because it’s the time when the parents’ handover the beloved daughter to the groom.
Aside from the saath pheras, there is one most essential custom in Indian Hindu Weddings and that is Kanyadaan. While the groom is thought to be a manifestation of Lord Vishnu, the bride is viewed as the shadow of Goddess Lakshmi, the symbol of riches and thriving. Subsequently, giving away the daughter’s hand is also termed as Kanyadaan is an emotional and religiously noteworthy represent the bride’s parents in an Indian Wedding.
Kanyadaan is the acclaimed wedding ceremony of the wedding which is thought to be extremely the form of purity and favourable! The expression “Kanyadaan” basically alludes to the gifting of a daughter and in this ritual, the dad of the bride gives his girl to the groom! This is the most emotional for the bride’s parents. Kanyadaan is a custom in which the bride’s dad gives his little girl’s hand in the groom’s hand. This implies the dad gives

########
Rank: 11
Score: 37.01012
Retrieved Text: fresh bride and groom blessing for wedding wishes cards 13 catholic blessing for bride and groom.
inspirational bride and groom blessing and wedding card with a quote 18 blessing quotes for bride and groom.
awesome bride and groom blessing for wedding blessings bride and groom ceremony 88 blessing prayer for bride and groom.
best of bride and groom blessing or grooms family gift second greatest blessing large oak tree gift from bride wedding gift mother of groom custom art print lt 1157 53 blessing prayer for bride and gr.
ideas bride and groom blessing and stock photo bengali marriage bride and groom taking ashirwad in blessing ceremony mr0543 64 irish blessing for bride and groom.
lovely bride and groom blessing for irish blessing with the claddagh for that special bride and groom in your life this irish blessing is perfect for that special gift for them 84 blessing prayer for.
good bride and groom blessing or 23 irish blessing for bride and groom.
luxury bride and groom blessing or doreenbeads creative 3d cards wedding blessing card bride and groom paper cutting diy folding card for wedding party invitation in cards invitations from 46 catholic.
new bride and groom blessing and wedding invitation cards 85 catholic blessing for bride and groom.
unique bride and groom blessing and fairytale photography daily mail australias story about sydney couple jessica and nick gowers wedding picture 61 fathers blessing to bride and groom.
luxury bride and groom blessing or wedding tradition mother blessing newlywed couple with water and olive branch bride and groom 45 hebrew blessing for bride and groom.
amazing bride

########
Rank: 12
Score: 36.984264
Retrieved Text: When you found your soulmate, you will have a wedding day. Today is wedding ceremony of Aiwee and Warren at Le Méridien Koh Samui. We start from getting ready of bride and groom. And then we goto beach for wedding ring ceremony. Last we shooting Creative Portrait Session for bride and groom. I really enjoy taking pictures at beach wedding ring ceremony. Wedding are so funny and guest are happy.
Congratulations Aiwee and Warren. Hope you enjoy photo.
It’s easy to support us by LIKE and SHARE or PIN this post.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 36.76442
Retrieved Text: Weddings have taken an all new dimension with the advent of mobile technology and social media. Using mobile phones, the wedding entourage and guests can now become photographers, videographers, and commentators in their own right. And it’s more likely that other people who were not present during the wedding itself will view the ceremony through the guests’ lens, rather than through official channels. This gives us all the more reason to rein in the runaway posts during the big day.
Here are some ground rules for guests’ tech usage on the wedding day itself.
1. Ask the bride and groom if it’s ok to take photos during the wedding.
This seems to be an afterthought for most people, since they’re thinking they’re using their own camera phones. But whose wedding is it anyway? It’s likely that the bride and groom would prefer that the professional photographers they hired do their work properly, unhampered by guests who are blocking the photographers’ view.
For some bride and groom, it’s okay for guests to take photos during the wedding reception only, but not the wedding ceremony. Some would want that only official photographers take photos during the ceremony and reception. It would be best to ask permission first from the bride and groom.
Okay, so many guests would take photos of the wedding anyway. Make sure not to block the view of the official photographers, or even the view of the other wedding guests.
2. Ask the bride and groom if it’s okay to post wedding photos on social media.
Related to #1 is the posting

########
Rank: 14
Score: 36.37618
Retrieved Text: An Unplugged Ceremony… What on earth is an unplugged ceremony you might ask? An unplugged wedding is a trend that has arisen over the past couple of years of couples asking their guests to be present and in the moment during their wedding ceremony instead of viewing it through a screen.
As technology and social media evolves, everyone wants to be at events, capturing the moment and sharing their experiences all over social media. Now I as a photographer am never against taking lots of photos (heck, have you seen my instagram @nbpnicole) but I know there is a conscious choice every time I pick up my camera or phone to capture the moment. There are times when I would rather be present in the moment and enjoying how it feels, versus capturing a shot on my phone for instagram. There is plenty of time for both. Just choose your moments wisely.
Unplugged weddings are becoming more and more popular as in recent years professional photographers have had so many issues with guests getting in the way of them doing their job. Every professional photographer knows that at every wedding everyone is going to be taken their own photos, on their phones, iPads and even their own cameras. Where this becomes an issue is when guests deliberately (or sometimes unaware) get in the way of the professional photographer who is paid to capture the moments for the couple. I know most guests don’t mean to, but others just don’t care. A good wedding photographer will make it work

########
Rank: 15
Score: 36.337257
Retrieved Text: Indian weddings are known for their elaborate ceremonies and opulent celebrations. Besides, they are held in a very traditional manner, commemorating numerous rituals as per the ancient Vedic era. This has sanctified the institution of marriage, making it one of the most important happenings in one's life. Engagement ceremony is one such ceremony which marks the beginning of the wedding concord. It is also knows as the sagai ceremony or ring ceremony.
It is one of the first ceremonies that takes place between the two families and the would-be bride and groom. The engagement ceremony is basically a brief ritual wherein the couple exchanges gold rings. This ensures both the parties that the girl and the boy are now hooked. This is why it is also called the ring ceremony. This is followed by exchange of gifts between the families like sweets, dry fruits etc. this is followed by either a lunch or dinner party.
In some families the sagai ceremony is clubbed with the engagement itself. This is another pre wedding ceremony, which strengthens the bond between the both families. In sagai, the bride is given jewelry, clothes, make-up kit and baby toys, by the mother of the groom. On the other hand, the groom is put tilak and given gifts by the family of the bride. A havan is also performed at times. Here also a lot of gifts such as fruits, sweets, clothes are exchanged between the two.
These ceremonies are performed differently in different parts of the country and are even called by different names,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 35.89691
Retrieved Text: Before you say your vows and exchange your rings, the wedding officiant will ask everyone, including your wedding party to participate in a ring warming. The ring warming is an opportunity to send the bride and groom good luck and love through a silent wish to the rings when passed to them.
Ring Warming 1Having this love in their hearts for each other BRIDE and GROOM have chosen to exchange rings as a symbol of their vows.
The wedding rings are the most visible sign of the bond these two people are about to make.
A commitment to life, to each other and to the future.
What I now ask BRIDE and GROOM’s families to do is to warm these rings by passing them down the row.
As you hold them in your hands, pause for a moment, and make your wishes for the couple and for their future before you pass them on to the next person.
These rings will not only be a gift from one to another but will be given with the love, support and wisdom of their family and friends.
you are unfamiliar with this ceremony, take the opportunity to wish them health, happiness, and all that is noble and good in life when the rings pass to your care.
metals that which is all the more precious–your love and pledge of support for their union.
Ring Warming 3During this ceremony BRIDE and GROOM will exchange rings.
These rings are visible signs of their commitment to one another.
As this ceremony proceeds, we invite family and friends to take part in the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 35.872223
Retrieved Text: Courtney and Silas were married on October 7th, 2017 in Youngstown, Ohio. Courtney started off her day by getting her hair and make-up done with her girls at Aria Salon Studios in Canfield, Ohio. Then, the bride and the bridesmaids went back to Courtney's parents house where they finished getting ready. From there, the bride and the bridesmaids travelled via limo to St. Christine's Parish in Youngstown, Ohio for the ceremony. Before the ceremony, the groom and bride both had their portraits taken. After the ceremony, the bride and groom took their family formal portraits in St. Christine's Parish. After the family formals, we travelled to Mill Creek Park in Youngstown, Ohio to take bridal party photos and bride and groom portraits. The photos took place at Pioneer Pavilion, my secret waterfall and at the Suspension Bridge in Mill Creek Park in Youngstown, Ohio. After taking lots of gorgeous photos, we travelled to the reception venue, which was Drake's Landing in Canfield, Ohio where the bride and groom, and their family and friends danced, ate, and drank the night away. This photo features a portion of the bridal party in one of my favorite poses to do with them. Link arms and walk towards me while looking at each other... it always gets them to laugh.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 35.81382
Retrieved Text: Home WEDDING PLANNING Wedding Etiquettes To Know For A Successful Wedding Ceremony!
Wedding Etiquettes To Know For A Successful Wedding Ceremony!
Have you ever planned a wedding ceremony? Planning a wedding ceremony is a very stressful act and if proper care and concern is not taken, you may even end up with an unsuccessful wedding ceremony.
Wedding is not only a ceremony that unites the bride and groom together, but it is the reunion of two families and a social event. It is very much important to follow certain wedding etiquettes to have successful and pleasant wedding ceremony.
When it comes to wedding arrangements, your mother may have some ideas in her mind, in the same way your mother-in-law may also have respective ideas towards the wedding.
To avoid confusion in their ideas, wedding etiquettes are important for having a successful wedding ceremony. If the bride wants to have traditional wedding and the bride groom wants to have non-traditional wedding, it becomes a big clash in the ideology of marriage of the couples.
Wedding etiquettes helps you to fulfill your ideas of wedding and make the wedding ceremony successful and make the wedding process move on smoothly without many clashes between the ideas of wedding. Wedding etiquettes look after every aspect of the wedding and no one idea is left out in the ceremony.
Wedding day is the first and foremost day of your wedding life, so any discrepancy in between the ideology of the couples can lead to a disaster of the marriage. Therefore, wedding etiquettes play an important role to avoid

########
Rank: 19
Score: 35.697083
Retrieved Text: Important Kashmiri Pre Wedding Rituals like Vanna (Engagement), Devgon (Havan), Maanji Raat Ceremony, Etc.
No Kashmiri wedding ceremony India can be solemnized without first matching the horoscopes of both the prospective bride and the groom. Along with the horoscopes, the backgrounds, status and reputations of the families of the groom and the bride are also matched, although these are not compulsory. Once all these factors are found to be suitable, the alliance is fixed and a date for the wedding is proposed by the groom’s parents in consultation with some purohit or priest.
Once everything is finalized, the Kashmiri pre wedding rituals begin.
The first pre wedding ceremony in a Kashmiri wedding is that of the Kashmiri wedding engagement ceremony. This ceremony generally takes place in some temple in front if an idol. The elders of both the families meet at the temple and exchange flowers, symbolizing their happiness over the alliance. The bride’s family also serves and prepares a special meal for the groom’s family. As per the Kashmiri wedding traditions, a special dish called Var is prepared by the eldest aunt of both the groom and the bride in their respective houses. This dish is distributed amongst the family members and neighbors. Gifts like cash, dry fruits, sweets, etc are sent by the bride’s family to the groom’s family.
As per the Kashmiri wedding rituals, another important Kashmiri wedding custom is that of Devgon (Havan). This ceremony basically marks the conversion of the wife-to-be and the groom from the brahmacharya ashram to grihastha ashram. The ceremony is performed

########
Rank: 20
Score: 35.658974
Retrieved Text: Robin & Matt, married 11/1/09!
Photography by Dee Dee Dallas.
Kerala Christian wedding generally, conducted in a Church is a simple ceremony involving the exchange of wedding bands and marriage vows by the bridal few. A Christian bride traditionally wears a white gown, utilizing the face coated within a white veil, clutching on to a bunch of white flowers, while the groom is dressed inside a conservative suit.
Other than for some variation in fundamental customs, Christians of kerala has wholeheartedly assimilated themselves in to the fabric of Kerala culture. But, still, some differences persist within the wedding ceremony rituals and they are truly really worth exploring. Like in other religions, correct right here as well the mom and father choose potential partners. Following substantial track record checks, including monetary and social standing, and many meetings later, in in in between the mother and father of bride and groom, the real players get to experience every and every other.
As soon as issues are endorsed, they’ve to notify their person churches to procure sanction. As soon as the sanction is granted, they’ve to undergo a marriage planning program carried out by the church. Subsequent that, at every day of their comfort (except on Fridays), they have to current on their own prior to the church officer for “manasammatham” (engagement), accompanied by buddies and family members. A prayer will probably be held prior to engagement ceremony and afterwards the vicar provides the blessing. Rings may be swapped subsequent this, nonetheless it is not there inside the common itinerary. Two male individuals

########
Rank: 21
Score: 35.604908
Retrieved Text: If you select a wedding photographer who you get hold of together with, whose portfolio or working example photos you delight in, who provides goods you will need, and whom you might be experience you'll belief, your marriage images sensible encounter should be a great an individual.
Photographs is one of A significant choices you is likely to make for the relationship ceremony, therefore you owe it to you as well as your opportunity legacy to take a position in picking out a fantastic relationship ceremony photographer in its place to just Quite possibly the most very affordable photographer you could locate.
A relationship is commonly a joyous celebration and that's no many in Puerto Rico. There are plenty of traditions that have been linked to an ordinary Puerto Rican partnership. Just one of those traditions could be the furnishing while in the bride and groom a beverage referred to as café con leche and is particularly served in coconut cups.
Bridal bouquets in Puerto Rico are appreciable Along with the amapola, which may be a standard flower normally manufactured utilization of at a Puerto Rican wedding ceremony. The bouquet may also include things like a lover as it is a component of conventional relationship Get more information ceremony attire in Puerto Rico. The maids of honor also have bouquets created from amapola bouquets whether serious or silk, and supporters as these things are mentioned to signify great luck to your couple.
Frequent wedding ceremony favors introduced to people in the Puerto Rican marriage ceremony are termed capias. They're definitely

########
Rank: 22
Score: 35.32354
Retrieved Text: Christopher Todd Studios is your photographer for perfect Dove Canyon Golf Club wedding photos. You will love working with us on your big day. Read more about Dove Canyon Golf Club here.
So many great spots for bride and groom portraits.
A beautiful ceremony on the shaded terrace. Love these views of the hills.
These bride and groom portraits are going to look stunning when they are printed.
When the bride and groom get to take portraits just after the ceremony. It’s magic.
The sunset was too good not to step outside from the reception for a moment!
The night was perfect. Love this photo!
Christopher Todd Studios is located in Orange County. We have been photographing weddings for over 19 years. Couples love our professionalism and positive attitude we bring to the wedding celebration. We know how stressful it can be to find the right photographer. We welcome any questions you might have about your big day. Can’t wait to hear from you.
Estancia La Jolla Hotel and Spa is the perfect San Diego wedding venue. Hacienda style with rustic garden romance. Nestled in the heart of Torrey Pines. This award-winning gardens sprawl across ten acres. Christopher Todd Studios can photograph your special day. Visit his portfolio today.
Olive Lawn ceremony. Seating for up to 130 guests. A great option for couples looking for a more intimate outdoor ceremony.
Garden Courtyard. Two sweeping staircases for a grand entrance for the bride. Beautiful lawn and fountain to set the atmosphere. Exchange vows in this outdoor venue. Up to 420 guests.
La Jolla Ballroom. Host up to 420

########
Rank: 23
Score: 35.297966
Retrieved Text: Wedding Tip Wednesday: Should You Do a First Look?
Wedding traditions are something that many people hold sacred – and for good reason! On a day that will forever change two peoples’ lives, it is understandable to want to uphold certain traditions that generations before us have observed.
One of the oldest and most well-known wedding traditions is where, on the wedding day, the bride and groom don’t see each other until during the ceremony, when the bride walks down the aisle toward her groom.
What many people don’t know about the tradition of the bride and groom not seeing each other before the ceremony is, this “tradition” actually began as a wedding superstition during the days of arranged marriages. If you were a father of a betrothed bride, it is likely that your daughter’s upcoming wedding was a carefully crafted business deal. And as such, you wanted to do everything you could to protect that deal, including keeping the groom from seeing your daughter until the last possible minute so that he didn’t have an opportunity to back out of the deal. Isn’t that just the most romantic thing you’ve ever heard?!
Nowadays, it’s becoming more and more common for couples to forego this tradition in exchange for what we in the industry call a “First Look.” That’s when a bride and groom see each other before the ceremony in what is usually a private and emotional moment.
When I meet with new clients for the first time, many of them are still on the fence as to whether not

########
Rank: 24
Score: 35.243042
Retrieved Text: Currently our favorite wedding ceremony location is the Old Sheldon Church Ruins. It’s just a really romantic place with lots of character. It’s in Beaufort, South Carolina near Yemassee, SC.
The Old Sheldon Church was previously known as Prince William Parish Church and was organized and funded in 1740’s and 50’s by William Bull, whose plantation bordered the church grounds. It was set on fire during the Revolutionary War and again on January 14, 1865 during the “March to the Sea” Campaign.
The service has to be preformed by an ordained minister as one of their rules.
Here is the exterior shot of Old Sheldon Church Ruins.
Here is what it looks like from the inside. You can see the altar in the middle. The priest and groom are standing by the doorway while the wedding guests are waiting to start the wedding ceremony.
Bridesmaids preparing to go to the wedding ceremony.
Friend uses her dress to wipe of the water from the bouquet. That’s what friends are for, isn’t it?
The bride with ray of sunlight.
A black and white portrait of the radiant bride.
Here is the bridesmaids and groomsmen walking in during the bridal procession.
Here is a shot of the interior of Old Sheldon Church Ruins with the groom waiting for the bride.
The Bride walks in with the father.
Here is the bride and groom at the altar.
It wasn’t just us covering the event. There was this professional videographer covering the wedding too.
Here is an interior shot of Old Sheldon Church Ruins.
Even the trees behind Old Sheldon Church Ruins look fabulous. The setting

########
Rank: 25
Score: 35.125256
Retrieved Text: “Sweethearts at Sea” has to be the most romantic offering on the ocean at the moment! Royal Caribbean has been granted permission to perform weddings on their cruise ships whilst at sea in the Bahamas.
The Sweethearts at Sea promotion offers an inclusive celebration package for both weddings and the increasingly popular vow renewals at sea. It gives couples the opportunity to share these very special moments with their friends and family when they book rooms on the 2013 RCI sailings.
The couple will arrange the event with a group of wedding specialists call ‘The Royal Romance’ team. They will assist with advice on pre-departure legal requirements and preparations for the on board ceremony. Every last detail will be considered and the wishes of the couple will be worked into a fantastic ceremony to reflect the individual style of the bride and groom. Once the wedding party are on board, the Royal Romance Co-ordinator will take care of every detail to make sure that special moment is unforgettable.
Weddings will be conducted in a legally recognised manner in accordance with the newly passed Bahamas Marriage Act. This allows marriages in international waters, meaning “when the ship is outside of the 12 mile limit of the territorial waters of any nation”. When the wedding takes place, the location of the ship is recorded with the Bahamas Authorities via their Marriage Record Book of the Bahamas.
There are several Royal Romance packages as start points, but all are customised to allow the couple have their special day. An example would be the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 35.07469
Retrieved Text: While the Gujarati culture is rife with its rich tradition of special dishes and customs, the Gujarati wedding cannot be much different. It is therefore imperative that the Gujarati people indulge in much fanfare and preparations of delicious food items during their wedding occasions. Besides following some traditional rituals ingrained in their culture, these people believe in a social cultural ceremony during the Gujarati wedding. It is more like two families coming together during the occasion. Due to traditional and orthodox beliefs, many people from Gujarat believe in marriages within their communities. As per the conventions followed in this tradition, the marriage between the man and woman, leads to a Sahdharmacharini bonding or equal partnership. Woman’s role is seen in this culture as more important because she would handle the responsibilities of the household. As it is, the culture and history of Gujarat is a bagful of rich, vibrant and colourful culture. Their disposition of warmth and cheer is derived from their likeness for food and colourful dresses. Since long, when the maharajas ruled over different lands in this culture, there has been a strict following of various festivities and traditions. It is therefore not surprising that the Gujarati wedding is richly dipped in festivities, religious beliefs and followings.
This is the initiation of the marriage function, where the pujas are performed in the houses of both bride and groom. Lord Ganesha is worshipped to pray for a smooth conduct of the marriage ceremony. This is held a few days before the actual wedding day.
Conducted by priests,

########
Rank: 27
Score: 34.99796
Retrieved Text: San Francisco City Hall is a majestic building, and a breathtaking and affordable venue for civil weddings and smaller weddings in general. I love shooting there. I’ve gotten to know the hidden nooks of the building, and I’ve shot everything from very short, simple ceremonies on the main landing to more elaborate 4th floor vista weddings with lengthier ceremonies and seating for friends and family. I have several fond memories of accompanying bride and groom to receptions in the surrounding area, taking photos all along the way, and sometimes into the night. I think what I appreciate so much about San Francisco City Hall weddings is the intimacy and local flavor, not to mention the beautiful architectural backdrop.
Please don’t hesitate to contact me to pick my brain about the venue or reception possibilities, or inquire about my affordable packages and rates, my photography, or really anything else related to your big day. I’m easy to talk to, and I always love talking City Hall weddings.
If you are planning on having a civil ceremony in San Francisco, here are a few tips to help you prepare.
Ceremony is limited to 10 minutes and it’s usually held on the 2nd floor on the Rotunda. During non busy times, the Deputy Marriage Commissioner may allow the ceremony on other levels of City Hall.
My City Hall wedding photography packages start at $900. Please contact me for the full price listing.
While my rates are likely not the cheapest out there, I do take care to ensure that they remain reasonable. So if

########
Rank: 28
Score: 34.957424
Retrieved Text: Bride and groom beneath the grain silo at Peck Farm Park.
Tracey and Chris had a true “family style” barn wedding at Peck Farm Park in Geneva, Illinois. Close family and friends gathered in a half circle for the outdoor ceremony and then it was time for an all day, open air reception. Let’s start at the beginning of the day with bridal prep at The Herrington Inn and Spa.
Bridal prep at The Herrington Inn and Spa.
Wedding day fun for the bride and her crew.
While I spent the morning in and out of the bathtub with Tracey’s bride tribe, photographer Grant was with Chris and the guys as they learned the art of tying ties.
Groomsmen prep in Geneva, Illinois.
Tracey got into her dress at the Peck Farm Park farmhouse and we utilized the classic front porch of the building for some portraits of the bride.
A vintage tone for the bride on the front porch of Peck Farm Park farmhouse.
The beautiful bride on her wedding day in Geneva, Illinois.
Black and white portrait of the bride inside the farmhouse.
The wedding party was also a family affair with Tracey and Chris’ children taking on bridesmaid and groomsmen duties.
The bridesmaids take a stroll at Peck Farm Park.
The groomsmen all dressed and ready to go.
The ceremony area is just beneath the grain silo with a half circle of seating. The view of farmland was especially picturesque on Tracey and Chris’ perfectly overcast day. Some emotional moments occurred as the couple read their vows and the nuptials were capped off with a “ceremony

########
Rank: 29
Score: 34.90361
Retrieved Text: In a couple sentences, tell me a little bit about your story! How did you and your partner meet? How long have you been together? What would you like me to know about you two?
Will you be working with a wedding planner? If so what is their name and contact info?
Is the reception located somewhere other than the ceremony? If so, where?
Approximately how many guests will be attending your wedding?
Approximately how many people will be in the wedding party total? bride? groom?
Do you want to take bridal or wedding portraits before or after the ceremony?
Shooting bridal portraits before the wedding allows more time to get those creative shots before guests arrive & with no distractions. It also allows us time to do any reshoots if needed after the ceremony. You would be able to get to mingling with your guests right away, too. However, if you're taking a more traditional approach and don't want the groom to see you prior to the ceremony, then after might be your best bet!
What are your expectations for your wedding photographs?
If you had to choose one photograph to walk away from your wedding day with, what would it be?
This one's quick! lets get to know each other!
Where did you hear of us? If you were referred, who referred you?
In a couple of sentences, tell me a little bit about your story! How did you and your partner meet? How long have you been together? What would you like me to know about you two?
Best Email for Post-Wedding Communication?
Where will the

================



======= Instance Index 10 =========
Input Text: A bug was looking for wildflowers and no human interruption, where did he go?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- garden
- meadow
- bug zapper
- rug
- rock

Target Text: meadow

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 25.715559
Retrieved Text: Meet the Taylors checkerspot Butterfly! I photographed this colorful Butterfly feeding on one of the wildflowers found here in Oregon.
This Taylors Checkerspot Butterfly is a endangered species. You can read more about this status and the few locations this Taylors Checkerspot Butterfly has been documented as being. Read more at the Oregon Fish & Wildlife Office website .
I found this Taylors Checkerspot Butterfly near a running river. A running river where a prairie of wildflowers were blooming. I look for water and I look for wildflowers. This method I use is something everyone can do! Butterflies are like any other wild animal, they need curtain things to survive. The river had marshy areas near it, a place for the Butterflies to drink at. Though I did find one poor soul who succumbed to the water, there were others around!
When out and about photographing such things as Butterflies it is good to look around, what kinds of tree’s are around. If any? What wildflowers are blooming, what time of the year did you see whatever at the location you are at. Water, or the lack of. I personally take of course photographs! I keep all original photographs in a archive of date, location (this way Guy can take me right back to the location), time stamp helps.
Since I am one of the folks who do not carry about a cell phone, or gosh any of these kinds of things we do to rely on what has now became known as, “old school methods”. Heck we are not

########
Rank: 1
Score: 25.600704
Retrieved Text: Yesterday I had the opportunity to debug a problem with our document builder. It was my first time debugging this project. I had no idea where the issue was or where to start looking. In this case, I asked for help and Robert point me in the right direction.
Frustration. It is human nature to be frustrated when you don’t know how something works. Remember the last time you were lost in a new city. Or the time when you assembled furniture but you end up with too many parts. After looking at the code, it did not make any sense to me. It was a lot of code to digest and find the problem. I searched for the work “GOLD VENDORS” in our codebase and nothing was returned. At this point, I know for sure the issue is coming up from a database table.
After my first hour of frustration, I knew that the issue had to be coming from the database. But which database Sybase or SQL Server? The only way to know is to actually read the code and step into it until you find it. My friend Robert gave me the project name responsible for building this document so that narrowed my search and focus. The issue is somewhere in the middle of the document. Header, table of contents, and footer look correct. I commented out different sections to see where the issue was. Still no luck. I know that I’m very close. I just need to continue. I can see the light at

########
Rank: 2
Score: 25.50891
Retrieved Text: But it isn't ready to be implemented across the board just yet.
Humans don't like the idea of not being at the top of the food chain; having something we've created taking power over us isn't exactly ideal. It's why folks like Tesla mastermind Elon Musk and noted astrophysicist Stephen Hawking are so determined to warn us of the terrifying implications that could culminate in a Skynet situation where the robots and algorithms stop listening to us. Google is keen to keep this sort of thing from happening, as well, and has published a paper (PDF) detailing the work its Deep Mind team is doing to ensure there's a kill switch in place to prevent a robocalypse situation.
Essentially, Deep Mind has developed a framework that'll keep AI from learning how to prevent -- or induce -- human interruption of whatever it's doing. The team responsible for toppling a word Go champion hypothesized a situation where a robot was working in a warehouse, sorting boxes or going outside to bring more boxes in.
The latter is considered more important, so the researchers would give the robot a bigger reward for doing so. But human intervention to prevent damage is needed because it rains pretty frequently here. That alters the task for the robot, making it want to stay out of the rain, and then adopting the human interruption as part of the task rather than being a one-off thing.
"Safe interruptibility can be useful to take control of a robot that is misbehaving and may lead to irreversible consequences, or

########
Rank: 3
Score: 25.253351
Retrieved Text: All About South Carolina Wildflowers p107?
Great Smoky Mountains Wildflowers p092?
Wildflowers of the Carolina Lowcountry p149?
Wild Flowers of NC, 1st edition p152?
Wild Flowers of NC, 2nd edition p202?
Wildflowers of the Southern Mountains p127?
Leaves alternate and numerous, per Forest Plants of the Southeast and Their Wildlife Uses.
Plant is rough-hairy throughout, per Guide to the Wildflowers of SC.
Leaves abundant, linear to elliptic, obovate, oblanceolate or hastate, per Wildflowers of the Eastern United States.
Follicles erect, 8-15 cm long and 1-1.5 cm broad, per Vascular Flora of the Carolinas.
At first glance, early instar Milkweed Bug nymphs look like red aphids, per Milkweeds, Monarchs and More by Rea, Oberhauser, and Quinn.
Markings on Large Milkweed Bug (Oncopeltus fasciatus) form a black band, per Milkweeds, Monarchs and More by Rea, Oberhauser, and Quinn.
Erect boat-shaped pod splits on one side to release many plume-tufted seeds, per Forest Plants of the Southeast and Their Wildlife Uses.
Seeds with feathery parachute-like structures float on the slightest breeze, per Wildflowers & Plant Communities of the Southern Appalachian Mountains and Piedmont.
Milkweed Bug nymphs eat Milkweed plant matter, seeds and nectar, per Milkweeds, Monarchs and More by Rea, Oberhauser, and Quinn.
Milkweed Bug nymphs congregating on a Milkweed pod.
Seed pods are 4-5" long and look like elongated footballs held upright, per All About South Carolina Wildflowers.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 25.017607
Retrieved Text: When Katy suggested we go big and take a hike for their St. Mary’s Glacier Engagement, we were all in. The view makes it all worth it. After making the climb, we were all taken away by how green the vegetation was for this time of year. We hiked over rocks, crossed rivers and scrambled our way to the back of the lake where we found a perfect patch of wildflowers.
St. Mary’s Glacier did not disappoint and neither did Justin & Katy. These two will be getting married next year at one of our favorite venues, Ten Mile Station. We are looking forward to documenting their wedding day.
Thank you both and we hope you enjoy the images.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 24.494123
Retrieved Text: Need a goofy love bug who loves other dogs in your life? Look no further than Pippin. The first thing you’ll notice about him is his constant smile, which gets even happier when it’s time to play with his dog friends. He loves socializing with the human friends he makes along the way, too--he loves affection, cuddles, and kisses from his foster family. He’s eager to please and eager to play, but is also happy to chill out for a nice nap on his favorite soft blankets.
Pippin gains a lot of confidence from being around other dogs and we think he would be extra thrilled to go to a home where he’d have a canine sibling to help him navigate the world. He did fantastic in our playgroups and is thoroughly enjoying living with his foster sister and doing some major twinning on their walks together.
About 1 1/2 years old and 40 pounds, Pippin is crate-trained, house-trained, micro-chipped, up to date on routine vaccinations and working on his basic commands.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 24.391203
Retrieved Text: That's what the Bug Fairy said to its constituents....so they did! The bug started with the little one and lingered for a few days. After much fussin' and carin' and sleepless nights, the bug seemed to have left her tiny little body...only to go to a much bigger, healthier [fatter? chubbier?] one. The husband's!
The husband was doing his usual routine at work yesterday. Quoting some jobs and tinkering on the computer. All of sudden he felt that little itch on his throat....yep, the pesky bug found him....all the way to his place of work. Well, maybe not. I think they took a ride with him on his way to work yesterday morning. He was fine when I spoke with him at lunch time. It was when he called to tell me he was on his way home that he mentioned that his throat just started hurting...just like that. No warning whatsoever. Like a flick of a finger [or the Bug Fairy's wand, maybe], he now has the bug!..and it's Halloween.
The little one is up and about already. No more sniffles...just a few sudden coughs every once in a while. She's excited because she'll be able to go 'trick or treatin'...or will she? With that bug riding on her Dad's throat right now, I'm not sure we will be able to. Nah, I'm sure we will...he's a tough guy. He has to be, right?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 23.933275
Retrieved Text: When Gale Davis' 15-year-old cat wandered away from home through an open patio door in the fall of 2008, the Port St. Lucie resident waited for her "baby's" return for weeks.
Davis contacted pet shelters nearby, notified her community's security guards and put out cans of tuna in the hope that B Bug, a Tonkinese cat Davis had purchased from a cat show when he was a kitten, would find his way back.
"I'd go out to my patio at night and search for him," Davis said. "I'd look around and say, 'B Bug, where are you?' "
The months passed with no sightings of the hard-of-hearing senior cat, and Davis had no choice but to move on.
In August, near the second anniversary of B Bug's disappearance, Davis sat in her patio and browsed through that Wednesday's St. Lucie News Tribune.
As she skimmed through the YourNews section, Davis said her heart nearly stopped when she saw a picture of a familiar-looking cat in the "Pets of the Week" feature, where animals are advertised for adoption.
"I knew in my heart is was B Bug," Davis said about the paper's cat, who had been named Pretty Boy. "It's like a mother's instinct."
She called Dogs & Cats Forever, the animal shelter where Pretty Boy was.
Davis was informed that Pretty Boy had become ill just days after he had been put up for adoption, causing him to no longer be a candidate. But when Davis described Pretty Boy to a T, including his missing tooth, employees at the shelter allowed Davis to see

########
Rank: 8
Score: 23.91808
Retrieved Text: Go Wild or Unwind — Do Either in Luray-Page.
You get exactly what Muir was talking about. For you, wildness is a necessity. You don’t want to just get away. You want to get far away — from people, cars, shopping malls. Your partner wants to get away, too, but not so far away that he can’t find a good restaurant with Southern-style beef Wellington or a brew house where he can refill his growler.
In 1976, Congress designated 79,579 acres of Shenandoah National Park as wilderness — that’s 125 square miles in which to find extreme solitude or extreme adventure. Many park trails are in designated wilderness and put you in the perfect position to see wildlife, wildflowers and the human history that has unfolded here for millennia. For overnight camping in Shenandoah’s wilderness, plan ahead and prepare by researching Shenandoah’s backcountry camping information and regulations. And don’t forget to check out the Cabin Capital of Virginia for access to 400-500 cabins and 7 campgrounds in and around Luray and Page County.
If you’re looking for something a little less remote, Luray and Page County has you covered as well. We offer the perfect blend of small-town charm and pastoral vistas that keep you close to nature without getting too far away from the local artists, musicians, and friendly people who populate our unique shops, restaurants, and cultural attractions. Our local lodging options include several hotels and motels, charming bed and breakfasts, and an elegantly restored historic inn.
With so many venues and vacation spots, both wild and not-so-wild,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 23.916466
Retrieved Text: Sandpaper Suit | Matt Ruby's comedy blog: The Benson Interruption w/ Tompkins, Mirman, etc.
The Benson Interruption w/ Tompkins, Mirman, etc.
The Benson Interruption was a blast last night. A lot more fun than the previous one I saw at UCB (which featured all improvisers). Doug was drunk (and stoned) from the get go and was on the whole night. It was a hot room and everyone had fun sets.
It's interesting to watch how the different comics handle him. Arj Barker had Doug interrupting him left and right while Eugene Mirman managed to keep Doug pretty quiet for the most part. Tony Camin, Doug's comrade in The Marijuana-logues, mostly just bantered with Doug the whole time.
Anthony Jeselnik — he just scored a gig as a writer for Jimmy Fallon's new show, something Doug may not have been supposed to reveal — tried to deadpan his way through Doug's interruptions without breaking a smile. And he tried to "punch up" a few of Doug's bits which was made even funnier by the fact that Doug wouldn't let him get through any of them. Also, Jeselnik, when he gives attitude, sounds a bit like Kanicki in Grease.
No big surprise that the highlight was Paul F. Tompkins. I sure hope he gets out of his Best Week Ever cage to do more spots in NYC because it's just a delight (yes, a delight!) to watch him go. Him and Doug really seemed to have a blast with each other. It's part of what makes the show so enjoyable: The comics seem

########
Rank: 10
Score: 23.856554
Retrieved Text: Yesterday the message at church was called Life Interrupted. A divine interruption stops us dead in our tracks and changes our direction. I couldn’t help thinking of Blake and praying that he was hearing what Pastor Van was saying. Not only Blake, but myself, and other special people that God has placed in my life for this season. I think that for some people, it takes a HUGE God interruption to get our attention. I know that was the case with me. All the little nudges God had given over my years of drug addiction never did any good to change my direction. But the “Life Interruption” that involved police, handcuffs and shackles sure did get my attention.
I think that Blake is going to be one that needs a HUGE interruption from God. Although he has already experienced many things at the young age of 15, he has not been broken and has not surrendered his will to God.
No teenager should have to experience the death of a parent. The only stability they know. But this opened the door for us to talk about how this one experience that God allowed, led him to where he is in life now. And we talked about how he now has the choice to live for God’s will or live for himself.
I think we lost his attention after about 2 minutes. We have to be brief and straight to the point in our teaching moments with him because he already thinks we like to preach to him. But I

########
Rank: 11
Score: 23.73565
Retrieved Text: I’ve seen this go down a fair amount of times – myself included. I just know why its happening, right. Its this damn line here – there is something with this function call. Change it a bit at random, run a test, see it fail. Why in the name of S is this still failing? Change some more at random – google what I know is the problem – see it fail again. Sounds familiar, right?
My biases on where the problem was and what caused it has cost me a fair of amount of time wasted. Its also the greatest hurdle to get past (since your ego is involved). About 90% of the time if I don’t solve the bug in 30 seconds – its not the cause I thought it was. It usually turns out to be something very different. And the way to get from here to there is to let go of whatever cause you had pictured in your head.
The first step is to free yourself from whatever you think of the bug. Its crucial to keep all options open and then narrow down on the causes and fixes. Take a step back (and some fresh coffee), free of your biases and look at the situation. You need some kind of data to work with. Just guessing at random will not help you (has it ever really?).
I’m fairly reluctant to label the bug too specifically in order to remind myself that it might not be what I’m looking for. Rattling of a “oh,

########
Rank: 12
Score: 23.711212
Retrieved Text: A Bug in my Computer!
.... Savannah lifted her long skirt and carefully stepped over a fallen soldier. She stopped and scanned the smoky battlefield. Light from the full moon illuminated the rocky landscape and bounced off the grotesquely twisted bodies of dead and dying men. The stench of death filled her nostrils and she took short, shallow breaths to ease the pain that threatened to crush her chest. Her gaze came to rest on a familiar form, lying prone in the bloody field. She quickened her step and cY ñàj#"$± ñàj#"
What the--I mean what in the world is happening now? I typed a few more words with the same results. Suddenly the black screen of death! OH NO! Off to the computer repair shop.
"It's a bug in the software," I was told. "Actually, the hard drive crashed."
I knew it; I knew it! That Windows 10 fiasco I'd been battling for months had destroyed what might have been my greatest work. Okay, that was it. No, I didn't want it repaired. No I didn't want another PC. I'd finally had it with my PC. Off to the MAC store for a new laptop.
Back home, I hooked up my new MAC and sat there looking at the blinking curser trying to remember where I'd been with my novel. As I sat there trying to recreate the story and the mood, I started wondering why computer problems were called "Bugs."
Did you know the term "bug" was used in an account by computer pioneer Grace Hopper, who publicized the cause

########
Rank: 13
Score: 23.575762
Retrieved Text: When he opened his eyes, Iron Cliff found himself lying inside a cave. Not far away from him, a crystal lamp was lit. Su Chen walked towards him.
“You’re awake? How do you feel?” Su Chen asked.
Iron Cliff laughed with some embarrassment.
He looked around, and when he saw something lying in the corner, he discovered that it was that frightening giant beetle. He instinctively jumped into the air out of fright.
“Don’t be nervous, it won’t hurt you.” Su Chen waved his hand at Iron Cliff.
Perhaps out of habit, after running around outside for a bit, the metal-eating bug had automatically returned to the corner of the cave, unmoving.
Iron Cliff sat back down with some annoyance.
“Okay.” Iron Cliff obediently received the medicine, gulping it down.
“My condolences,” Su Chen said.
Iron Cliff lowered his head, sitting there without making a sound.
Seeing his quiet appearance, Su Chen’s heart was moved.
Iron Cliff thought for a moment, then replied, “It should be that I couldn’t learn well. The Cliff Race’s perception of Origin Energy is very low, and our cultivation speed is also very slow.
Upon hearing the last sentence, Iron Cliff’s eyes began to flicker with energy.
But in the next instant, this spirit once again dimmed.
Iron Cliff raised his head with amazement. What he saw was Su Chen’s eyes, filled with confidence.
“Okay!” Iron Cliff nodded his thick, heavy head.
In the following days, Iron Cliff spent all his energy mining for ore.
Although this cave was where the metal-eating bug lived and ate, its appetite was limited. Once the bug was full, it would not

########
Rank: 14
Score: 23.520649
Retrieved Text: I grew up in Sydney surrounded by the Australian bush – the Royal National Park and those amazing displays of the sandstone Australian flora that Sydney seems to be steeped in. Even the buildings in Sydney reflect the legacy of all this sandstone.
I loved the bush – disappearing either by myself or with others and exploring the caves, bush tracks and creeks. Surrounded by blandly named streets – First Avenue, Second Avenue right up to Tenth Avenue, National Avenue…but I grew up in Primrose Place.
Primrose Place was a cul–de–sac nestled in amongst all these streets going somewhere – an enclosed street and neighbourhood community with a hill for billy cart racing, bike riding, skateboarding and roller skating with the other kids from this street, some of whom are still my friends.
Our house started out as a small 2 bedroom one bathroom fibro place right down the bottom, round the corner of the hill at the bottom end of the cul–de–sac.
I loved this street, the neighbourhood, the other kids in the street to play with, but central to it all was the closeness of the bush – exploring the sandstone caves, running away from snakes, abseiling with ropes we found in the shed (with no safety gear), the bushfires, and of course the wildflowers and wildlife. To this day I love the blush of pink and red new leaf growth of the eucalypts, the towering Gymea lily flower stalks and the absolute thrill of finding wild waratahs, banksias and flannel flowers.
I absolutely loved growing up there and

########
Rank: 15
Score: 23.436224
Retrieved Text: Let not your hearts be troubled. Believe in God; believe also in me. In my Father’s house are many rooms. If it were not so, would I have told you that I go to prepare a place for you? And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again and will take you to myself, that where I am you may be also. And you know the way to where I am going… I am the way, and the truth, and the life.
By his death and resurrection, Christ proved that he is Lord of all. He kept his promise, and will keep every promise. He works to prepare a place for us where all that is wrong will be made right. And he will come again.
Be at peace. The Lord is risen!
Mary of Magdala was the first, but not the last, to report, “I have seen the Lord!” (John 20:18, ESV).
— “Christians, to the Paschal Victim,” LSB, 460:2-3.
After a lot of rain, the sky cleared, the sun called, and still sprinkled with sparkling drops of water, the daisies answered.
These wildflowers just show up every year. Whose wardrobe is as beautiful and wondrous as the lowly field of wildflowers? And yet, it is a marvelous kingdom. The King’s subjects are bees and jumping things.
Consider how the wildflowers grow: They don’t labor or spin thread. Yet I tell you, not even Solomon in all his splendor was adorned like one of these! If that’s how God clothes the grass, which is in the field

########
Rank: 16
Score: 23.409058
Retrieved Text: Kanye West almost pulled a Kanye during Beck's "Album Of The Year" acceptance speech.
Kanye West took the stage at the Grammys for the first time in six years tonight, and while he spent the majority of the show without causing any kind of scene, when Beck beat out Beyonce for album of the year, he decided to pull one of his classic moves -- to a point.
The rapper ran up on stage, much as he did for the infamous Taylor Swift interruption, but instead of giving the world a piece of his mind regarding Yonce's talent, he simply smiled and made his way back to his seat.
Nevertheless, we got the point, and nobody's feelings were hurt. Watch the hilarious moment go down in Vine form below.
It seems as though Kanye's fake Beck interruption may have been a little less light-hearted than we thought. Following the Grammys, Ye did a live interview with E!, and he was pretty heated about Beyonce's loss of album of the year.
The interview has yet to make its way online, but clips and quotes have appeared on Vine and Twitter, where Ye says "Beck needs to respect artistry. He should've given his award to Beyonce," and "I'm fighting for creativity".
Check out a Vine from the interview below, we'll update you when the full clip makes its way online.
Update: view the full interview below.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 23.371265
Retrieved Text: The sand dunes before me seemed endless, I could feel my rapid heartbeats. Every muscle in my body was tensed from this unfamiliar reality. A part of my consciousness was aware of this point in reality, but I did not know whether I was dreaming, or if I had awaken from my life. Was the clock ticking backwards, then? Was there a glitch in my timeline where I went back in time, centuries ago?
My mind must have taken me there for a reason, or I have taken my mind with me. It didn’t matter. Because everything is a metaphor, the wildflowers thriving on their own are a metaphor. The rain caressing a blade of grass is a metaphor. People who walk into your life are a metaphor. In my reality, I seem to forget this. The blueprint of existence. I seem to believe that I am separate. I seem to forget that I am a poem, and everything around me writes me as an epic poem. My intelligence fools me. It separates me from this truth.
Those hands were not mine, this withered cloak I was wearing, was not mine. I did not think to recall my name. Where do I go from here? Why was I brought here? This voice in my head, I’ve never heard it before. Is my wandering around here, the opening verse of a new poem?
“Focus, breathe, you are here, you are now” I told myself as I rushed forward, the grains of sand were terrifying. The number of them before me,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 23.337421
Retrieved Text: in the distance, I can see the fog lift up the grass..
This entry was posted in Poetry; Solitude and tagged morning greeting.
How beautiful a view for morning coffee and reflection. Our day has been cool compared to our 107 degree days and I’ve taken advantage and spent most of it in the gardens. We could use rain and it is forecast but I went ahead and watered the roses anyway. I love the roses but the wildflowers are my true love. I think you are correct about all the rain. This is the 2nd time this year I’ve deadheaded the wildflowers and they didn’t start blooming until the end of June (which is very late). Friends laugh that I deadhead my wildflowers but that’s how I gather seeds plus I always get more blooms and extended growing season. It’s wonderful to see you here, Jane.
I KNEW when there was an indication of a comment that it would be from YOU! (smile)…Yes, I have decided to rejoin the living…and shake the dust…and go forward…a little sad at times…but a bit wiser ( I do hope!)…I think it is WONDERFUL that you deadhead the wildflowers! I have one garden at the base of my lot that is dedicated to the wildflowers! Thank YOU, Sheri, for stopping by and leaving a note of encouragement…it means much! Hoping all is well with you and your husband’s health is improving and may the wildflowers bloom well into the Fall!
Ohayō, Yoshiko 〜 ka, sore wa Nihonde wa `konbanwa’ ni narimashita ka? Anata

########
Rank: 19
Score: 23.266645
Retrieved Text: Questions that are simply problem reports are not suitable for Ubuntu Stack Exchange.
Launchpad is the place to report bugs, its where developers are monitoring for such things, and is more suited to the problem.
If it's not very obviously a bug, though, I think we can leave it. If it's behavior which might be a bug or, say, a case of PEBKAC, err on the side of being more permissive.
I believe that Bugs are OK.
The person asking the question might not know if their problem is a bug or a problem with their setup.
The person may realize its a bug but be looking for a work around.
I do not believe just closing a question is helpful, it sends the wrong message to people trying out Ubuntu.
I also believe that if people run into a problems with ubuntu they should be able to find answers and solutions on this site. Just closing someones question will not do that.
I'm gonna say no, because bug reports are something the program's author should be looking into, and not the community at large.
Honestly, newcomers feel a tad bewildered by this site and yesterday I came across some obsolete information on the Ask site that stated there was a fix to a certain issue I had which only turned out to be a bug. In reality this issue was answered incorrectly and since hasn't been taken down. When I viewed the FAQ's I saw a reference (not sure where it is now) regarding listing bug reports in Meta. I did that and my

########
Rank: 20
Score: 23.184296
Retrieved Text: I did a Force Field Analysis brainstorm session with my team. We wrote down what we like and don’t like about our jobs as testers. Then, in the “didn’t like” column, we circled the items we felt we had control over changing. Here are what my testers and I don’t like about our jobs.
When asked what needs to be tested as a result of a five minute code change, programmers often say “test everything”.
Test time is not adequately considered by Programmers/BAs when determining iteration work. Velocity does not appear to matter to team.
Testers don’t have a way to show the team what they are working on. Our project task boards have a column/status for “Open”, “In Development”, “Developed”, and “Tested”. It’s pretty easy to look under the “In Development” column to see what programmers are working on. But after that, stuff tends to bunch up under the “Developed” column. Even though their may be 10 Features/Stories in “Developed”, the testers may only be working on two of them. A side affect is testers having to constantly answer the question “What are you working on?”...my testers hate that question.
Testers don’t know each other’s test skills or subject matter expertise. We have some 20 project teams in my department. Most of the products interact. Some are more technical to test than others. Let’s say you’re testing ProductA and you need help understanding its interface with ProductB. Which tester is your oracle? Let’s say you are testing web services for the first time and you’re not sure how to

########
Rank: 21
Score: 23.157204
Retrieved Text: No, points of order come after statements, as the right hon. Gentleman is well aware. [Interruption.] Order. [Interruption.] Calm down! I do not need any advice from the hon. Member for Chelmsford (Vicky Ford). I understand that the point of order flows from the exchanges, and in those circumstances, as I have done on previous occasions, I will take the point of order—[Interruption.] No, I am taking the point of order from the right hon. Gentleman. I will be the judge of these matters.
Mr Speaker, you may not have seen it, but during the exchanges in Prime Minister’s questions, when the Leader of the Opposition sat down, he muttered words that were quite clearly visible, accusing the Prime Minister of being a “stupid woman”. [Hon. Members: “Shame!”] Bearing in mind the booklet that you issued this week, and the words that the Leader of the Opposition said last September, would it not be appropriate for him to come back to the Chamber and apologise?
I am pleased to respond to the right hon. Gentleman’s point of order. As he rightly surmised at the start of it, I saw no such thing. I am not making an allegation, and I am not denying or seeking to refute that of the right hon. Gentleman. I cannot be expected to pronounce upon that which I did not see, which I did not hear and which was not witnessed by my advisers. [Interruption.] Order. I do not need any advice on how to respond to a point of order from the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.121649
Retrieved Text: The new rule from the Genius Union that came out of nowhere broke the midnight peace. It was chaos on the forum all of a sudden.
"What happened? Why is there a new rule out of nowhere?"
"The two new rules earlier were caused by Lin Xie's killing spree on the Stairway Tree. Could it be him who's caused this again?"
"If someone's really doing something, looking at the new rule, there should be someone killing the boss on some level. Killing the boss is much more difficult than passing through the level. Who is insane enough to kill the boss over and over again?"
"If someone's killing the boss over and over again, I think the killing machine Lin Xie has the highest possibility of doing that."
"Don't look at Lin Xie so highly. Indeed, he's pretty skilled at killing small monsters, but he's on checkpoint 63 now. Do you guys know how scary the boss on checkpoint 63 is? That Bug Tribe Queen Mother could be a quadruple mutated monster while her 12 bug guardians have the ability that surpasses triple mutated monsters. It's not that I look down on Lin Xie's ability, but in reality, even Chan Dou the Fourth Prince would have to avoid those bug guardians if he ever encountered more than three of them."
"Maybe a rookie on a lower checkpoint is killing the boss repetitively but we didn't notice."
Lin Huang realized that a minority of people suspected it was him who had caused this while most people ruled out the possibility of him doing it.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 23.099209
Retrieved Text: It summertime and one of the favorite drinks during the summer heat is and glass of Iced Tea!
There are times when Todd makes is home early enough for us to have breakfast together before I go to work. Thursday was one of those occassions.
We went to Eat N Park as is our custom. Marjorie was the hostess this morning and she took us to the usual place we sit when we come in. Todd went straight for the Breakfast buffet and I order a veggie omelet. He had a large orange juice and I had Ice tea. We were talking for a while and Todd had completed his first plate of food. I sat sipping my tea which was the perfect temp. I had sweetened it just right and it was so refreshing. I did not want to drink it all because I wanted to have it with my breakfast. Which we were still waiting for. Finally it came and because it took so long I started eating right away. (i eat kinda slow so I did not drink by tea at the same time.) I finally finished my omelet and the waitress came by and filled up my glass before I could protest and tell her no. Todd asked her for a togo cup and went off to pay the bill. I got the tea and we left with 30 minutes to get me to work.
While at a street light Todd was swatting a bug visible only to him. He kept this up for a

########
Rank: 24
Score: 23.025179
Retrieved Text: Well Spring has finally sprung in the Knockanrawley Community Centre’s community allotment. The last few days of sunshine has seen us very busy. There is nothing like getting out into the sunshine and fresh air. It’s chicken soup for the soul as someone once put it. So for our first blogpost, we thought that we’d share some gardening tips for Spring time. We hope you enjoy them and find them useful.
One thing we really loved learning about was how to make an insect hotel. Although they may annoy us sometimes, bugs are really important in the garden and what better way to encourage them into the garden than to build an insect hotel. This is also a great project for families to do on the days when it might not be so warm.
A bug hotel provides a place of shelter for insects in the cold winter months. The main reason we need insects, and encourage them in the garden, is because they pollinate plants. If we didn’t have them then 80% of all the plants we use for food would disappear. In fact, without pollinators the human race could disappear. So we learned that it’s really important to encourage them into the garden.
An insect hotel is made up of sticks, bamboos, bits of bricks and timber so first gather whatever you can find. You an also use things like pots, or branches, or cardboard rolled up.
Get a bit of a drainage pipe or an old flower pot with the bottom missing.
Stuff this with bamboos, leaving the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 22.94971
Retrieved Text: But if any one has the world's goods and sees his brother in need, yet closes his heart against him, how does God's love abide in him? Little children, let us not love in word or speech but in deed and in truth. By this we shall know that we are of the truth, and reassure our hearts before him whenever our hearts condemn us; for God is greater than our hearts, and he knows everything.
Jesus loved men so much because he placed such a high value upon them. You can best discover values in your associates by discovering their motivation. If some one irritates you, causes feelings of resentment, you should sympathetically seek to discern his viewpoint, his reasons for such objectionable conduct. If once you understand your neighbor, you will become tolerant, and this tolerance will grow into friendship and ripen into love.
Love is patient and kind; love is not jealous or boastful; it is not arrogant or rude. Love does not insist on its own way; it is not irritable or resentful; it does not rejoice at wrong, but rejoices in the right. Love bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things. Love never ends; as for prophecies, they will pass away; as for tongues, they will cease; as for knowledge, it will pass away. For our knowledge is imperfect and our prophecy is imperfect; but when the perfect comes, the imperfect will pass away.
Love God, Love One Another and... Be the Person that you would want to Love.
That

########
Rank: 26
Score: 22.915424
Retrieved Text: There are a variety of things I like about running this blog, but the best is helping people out (self-entertainment is a close 2nd). It’s not that I have all the answers (I don’t), but I like to think I can offer something of value. On that note, a new prepper/reader contacted me last week and asked where he should start in his preparedness efforts, stating he felt overwhelmed by it all (common theme).
He briefly described his situation and asked for input. I responded saying I needed more information, specifics to what his needs, desires, and perceived threats are. In the end, my starter suggestion was to 1) stock or secure water, and 2) begin building a food pantry of foods his family already eats, and to continue building that food supply until he reaches a stage where the food he is stocking expires before he can rotate through it. Then it would be time to add more long-term food storage items if he felt the need.
Knowing I don’t have all of the answers, he agreed to (and seemed thankful for) letting me post his non-identifying information and situation here for readers to offer advice. Feel free to offer “Cub6” any advice you have. The area I have the most trouble with is offering advice on when he should bug out, what the signs might be, etc. Every situation would seem different. Maybe you’ll just know when the time comes … ?
I am increasingly aware of the need to start prepping. I’m married with two small

########
Rank: 27
Score: 22.879143
Retrieved Text: Everything was ok with the chrome extension until some recent days where some videos in some epubs don't seem to work anymore. This was ok before but at this day, the video time is stuck to 0:00 and the play button doesn't respond. Videos are H264 MP4 with no particular problems before, there is no WEBM fallback, only MP4 source.
Yet, when I uncompress the epub and open the html file directly in chrome it's fully working. So it doesn't seem to be a chrome problem.
Since the chrome readium extension has not changed since the last time it was working, I suspect an incompatibility due to a recent chrome update. Perhaps it has something to do with the filesize because in the same epub I have a small MP4 which works ok and a bigger one which doesn't work.
Has anyone notice the same problem and can someone look what is the bug ?
Yes, Chrome did introduce a bug (which they are looking at) which can produce these symptoms. Try setting the page layout to scroll-view. Go to the Settings dialog and select the Layout tab. Then set the Scroll Mode to either "document" or "continuous". Let us know if that helps.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 22.871098
Retrieved Text: Fiona, congratulations on the release of The Sunnyvale Girls. You’ve got several novels under your belt now, so I have to ask: do you still feel the same buzz of excitement now as you did when you first started writing? Oh for sure. The build up to release day is always filled with excitement (and nerves). I think seeing the cover for the first time and then when I’m finally holding the book are the stand out moments. Because I live in the country, the nearest bookshop is 3 hours away, so seeing in shops is something I miss out on most times. But if I happen to be in the city and can see it on display, then this is a real ‘slap me’ moment. It never gets old. Where did your love of storytelling come from and when did you decide to try your hand at writing a novel? It’s funny, because I’m not sure where it came from. I didn’t intend to be a writer but I felt so strongly about my country lifestyle. I absolutely love it with a passion and inspiration I get from harvest, spring wildflowers, and gatherings around bonfire…etc, well it was the main factor why I started to create a story in my mind. I also love my movies and guess I created my own rural story when I was at the busiest point in my life. In 2005 I was working full time running the local shop, with a one year old and a new baby. Creating

########
Rank: 29
Score: 22.862513
Retrieved Text: The southern entrance is having a spectacular bloom now, and predicted to last for the next month. The Bajada Nature Trail is especially good (Cottonwood area). It's easy to access this part of JTNP if you're in the Coachella Valley, continue east on I-10 past Indio to the Cottonwood exit.
Oh mlgb, I wish I could be there! Thank you for posting.
Thank you for posting. My heart is crying because I am not there. Do you think wildflowers are still going be in bloom when I get there March 23rd?
There was a terrific article about desert blooms in yesterdays (Sat. March 1) Weekend Journal/Wall Street Journal, some great photos ..
Not something I ever thought much about, it looks spectacular!
I think you might still see wildflowers by your visit, especially if it doesn't get too hot. You can check by calling the Joshua Park phone line (760-367-6392). Also the website desertusa.com is very good for all wildflower updates.
In the meantime, I posted my photos, although it doesn't capture the fragrance!
mlgb, thank you for sharing your great pictures.
I was there last week (2/26) with my BIL. He says in the 25 years he has lived there, this is amongst the top 3 best years for desert bloom. I took a bunch of pictures but do not have a share place for them...sorry.
It was a great diversion from my Chicago home winter...but now I am back!
Do check out www.desertusa.com for current status.
MLGB, your photos are awesome! I hope there are some blooms left when I get there at the end

================



======= Instance Index 11 =========
Input Text: A car was going from Florida to Ohio, what was it doing?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- roll over
- head north
- flying
- speed up
- heading north

Target Text: heading north

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 28.151024
Retrieved Text: There was an ad on the internet of someone up in Columbus Ohio who wanted to sell a 1959 Chevrolet Nomad Stationwagon, that's how I ended up in Ohio. Me and a friend rented a -04 Chevy PickUp truck in Florida and went up to Columbus, a long trip from sunny Florida to a cold Ohio.
Bought the Nomad, a 1971 Eldorado and a 1960 Buick LeSabre.
Back in Florida we just had to visit "Daytona bike week", no regrets there, one of the biggest motorcycle (Harley Davidson) events in the world.
We got one wrecked Harley and one big red Dodge PickUp truck with us aswell.
Bought a 1972 Cadillac Eldorado Convertible from an older couple in Florida, the odometer had only 85000 actual miles at that time.
This car has some interesting history and all services and repairs are well documented. The first owner "Maurice R. Valente"had it shipped over to europe for a summer vacation in 1975, even found a Danish coin in the car! The car is still in my family.
Maurice lived in N.J. and was an investment banker and a former president of the RCA Corporation among other things.
He committed suicide in September, 1983 at the age of 54, while on vacation in Rome, Italy.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 26.87573
Retrieved Text: Heartfelt Balance Handmade Life: "Don't cry because it's over"
"Don't cry because it's over"
Well, I'm back. We had a wonderful, wonderful time in Florida. The weather was pretty cooperative for every part of our trip. We had great driving weather on the way down and the way back up. Apparently, the day we were driving back, there was a snow storm in Ohio, but it was over by the time we got here. We decided to drive straight through in both directions. From where we are in Ohio to central Florida, it's a 17 hour trip. If you factor in stops for gas and eating, it took us 18 hours. That makes for a loooooong day. Both times we were on the road around 5:30 in the morning and got to our destination around 11:00 p.m.
The kids did great. I wish I could write a blog post on how to travel with kids for 18 hours in the car, but my kids are pretty easy. I've been blessed with kids who are pretty easy-going travelers. We didn't do anything special. The DVD player was broken, so they couldn't even watch DVDs. There were some times, when they would ask "Are we on Nana Susan's road yet?" But, other than that they were fine. But, hey, it wouldn't be a road trip without the standard "Are we there yet?"s, right?
I'm afraid I'm a little unfocused now that I'm back. I'm having a very hard time being back in the cold, gray weather. And leaving my family is always

########
Rank: 2
Score: 26.723724
Retrieved Text: This week is the final week I'll be driving my 2001 Honda Accord on its ridiculously short commute to Reston (7 miles one way). If all goes according to plan, I'll be getting a new 2012 Accord on Friday, gracefully retiring this ugly plain-jane vehicle for good. Black-green is an awful color for a car in any circumstances, but moreso when you are red-green colorblind and the car is rendered invisible. The next car is expected to lean heavily towards primary colors, not unlike most websites I design.
A habit I inherited from my Dad was to record the date, mileage, amount, and price of gas throughout the life of the car. This provides a historical record of how many miles per gallon you're getting, although I rarely ever used it except to determine that yes, I do drive too aggressively to be considered green. I would lose at hypermiling. On the plus side, this little blue notepad makes for an interesting Wednesday morning update!
This Accord (which Rebecca has named "Cordy" because girls name their cars and boys just drive them) was purchased by my parents in July 2001 (this is why the color is lame). I promptly drove it down to Florida State University, where it sat in the parking lot under Rob Kelley's apartment, atrophying in the salty Southern climate and used only for weekly Sunday trips to Walmart for groceries.
At the time of writing, this car has 99,200 miles, and was taken to the gas station 428 times. My dad changed the oil 24

########
Rank: 3
Score: 26.391445
Retrieved Text: Corey Brewer celebrates amid confetti after Florida's win over Ohio State for national title.
ATLANTA - When you do it once, you celebrate. When you do it twice, everybody celebrates.
They all came back to see if it was possible. They proved it about as definitively as a team can prove it last night at the Georgia Dome.
Everything Florida has done for two seasons was on display one final time. It was equal parts breathtaking and mesmerizing. It was fast from end to end. It was passes that hit shooters in position to fire. It was screens that set the shooters free. It was three treys in 92 first-half seconds as the Gators broke the game open. It was defense that eliminated everybody from Ohio State except the amazing Greg Oden (25 points, 12 rebounds, four blocks), who finally got a chance to show everybody what he was all about.
It was one against five for most of the game. Even Oden, who blocked everything in his vicinity on defense and was unstoppable on offense, isn't going to win that game. Oden's performance was as good as any big man's in the championship game since Bill Walton in 1973. But Walton had way more help.
If one player epitomized everything Florida was about, it was Corey Brewer, who was named the Most Outstanding Player of the Final Four. He blocked Oden. He got a layup caught by Oden on a play that was Bill Russell-like and, unconcerned, nailed a three on the next possession. He ripped the ball from Mike

########
Rank: 4
Score: 26.266031
Retrieved Text: Tow Truck Insurance Toledo Oh – Quotes and Coverage Available Seven Days per Week!
Looking for the best deal on Tow Truck Insurance in Toledo Ohio and the surrounding areas? If so contact Pathway Insurance at 1-800-998-0662 or click on Tow Truck Insurance Toledo Oh to send us your information for quotes online.
Pathway Insurance offers competitive Tow Truck Insurance in Ohio, Michigan, Indiana, Kentucky, Minnesota, Tennessee, Georgia, and Florida plus we are connected to an agent referral service available in all 50 states.
Online agents are available seven days per week for completing quotes, issuing policies, taking payments, issuing certificates of insurance, and filing claims until 5:30 PM.
Shopping for Tow Truck Insurance in Toledo Ohio Is Challenging!
The reason why it is can be challenging and sometimes frustrating is because so few insurance underwriters offer tow truck insurance, even if it’s incidental to your garage operation.
If you call 100 companies offering business insurance in Ohio, only 10-15 offer tow truck insurance in the state of Ohio!
Some of the biggest insurance companies that advertise non-stop on television do not underwrite tow truck insurance!
We offer quotes seven days per week when you click on Tow Truck Insurance Toledo Oh.
It’s actually a simple answer. The majority of companies do not want to insure tow truck operation simply because the claims experience in this class of business tends to be significantly higher than average compared to other commercial auto risks, so most insurers avoid tow truck operations.
As was mentioned above there are more than hundred companies offering business auto insurance in the state

########
Rank: 5
Score: 26.163261
Retrieved Text: ORLANDO -- Fathima Rifqa Bary, the Ohio teenage runaway whose story of Muslim-to-Christianity conversion and charges of family abuse sparked debates about personal freedom, is going back to her home state.
Three months after Rifqa took a Greyhound bus to Orlando and sought shelter with pastors she had never met, an Orange County Circuit judge on Friday ordered the Florida Department of Children and Families to send the girl back to Ohio.
A DCF spokeswoman confirmed the agency received an order Friday afternoon from Orange County Circuit Court Judge Daniel Dawson.
He relinquished Orange County's emergency jurisdiction in the case and asked DCF to arrange the teen's transfer back to Ohio, where another case about her custody is ongoing.
"The Department will proceed with those arrangements," DCF spokeswoman Carrie Hoeppner said.
Citing safety, she said DCF will not release details about Rifqa's transfer.
Dawson last week decided Rifqa's case belonged in an Ohio court and asked that lawyers provide documentation regarding her education and immigration before he sent her home. He learned that the girl could continue her education from Ohio. It is unclear what documentation was provided Friday about her immigration status.
The teen has been living with a foster family in Central Florida.
Statements made by Rifqa and her guardian ad litem, suggest there are issues with that status.
Ohio officials have indicated that she will be placed with a foster family in that state. It is not clear when -- or if -- she will live with her own family again.
Rifqa's private attorney, John Stemberger, did not return phone calls seeking comment.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.150152
Retrieved Text: Aug. 30, 5:24 p.m. — Theft by deception involving a telephone scam reported at 717 New York Ave.
Aug. 28, 9:11 p.m. — Assist to Niles police with sexual assault investigation.
8:36 p.m. — Attempted identity fraud involving a phone scam seeking information reported at 1002 New Jersey Ave.
8:10 p.m. — Disturbance reported at 443 McKinley Blvd. with people yelling at each other. One person would not let another person into the house.
Aug. 27, 7:28 p.m. — Traffic crash reported at 553 Illinois Ave.
Aug. 25, 9:36 p.m. — Suspicious activity reported at 320 Indiana Ave. A video recording shows a car at the scene.
7:30 p.m. — Unruly juveniles reported playing at construction site across from resident at 1150 Parkview Ave. Juveniles were seen inside the foundation where a house was to be built. Juveniles were seen throwing rocks at the house and spray painting the house. Juveniles required to clean up property.
Aug. 24, 2:39 p.m. — Custody dispute reported at 320 Ohio Ave.
1:14 a.m. — New shoes found in Woodland Park off Pennsylvania Avenue.
Aug. 23, 4:59 p.m. — Possible theft of money from a parent-school organization reported on West Second Street. Ongoing investigation taking place.
Aug. 22, 1:08 p.m. — Disturbance reported at 636 Illinois Ave. after a woman reported a man in vehicle drove by her home yelling threats out the car window.
Aug. 19, 10 p.m. — Someone rummaged through two unlocked vehicles at 900 New Jersey Ave.
8:50 p.m. — Domestic dispute and telephone harassment reported at 642 Indiana Ave. after a male was causing a dsitrubance and

########
Rank: 7
Score: 25.994612
Retrieved Text: It was the sort of weekend when commentators talk about things that almost happened, but didn't. A lot of things didn't happen this weekend, so let's talk about them.
One interesting thing happened this weekend... unfortunately for West Virginia. This loss does not affect the Mountaineers all that much, since they now need to beat Oklahoma to get to the Big 12 championship game so that they can play Texas again, in all likelihood. If they had won this game, they would have needed to beat Oklahoma to get to the Big 12 championship game where they would need to play Texas again, in all likelihood. They were never going to be in the playoff conversation. One-loss West Virginia does not get in as long as there are other viable options. That's true this year and every other year. That includes an undefeated UCF.
Either way, that was one heck of a game. And Will Grier gave them a chance to win late: that's what you need in a game where your defense is doing nothing right. But great job by Oklahoma State to pull out the win against a top-10 team.
The game was tied at halftime! So the ____ what?! Seriously, The Citadel was not going to win this game, and Alabama was trying to make the game short, injury free, and very basic as they prepare for the SEC championship game.
Notre Dame, meanwhile, just guaranteed their spot in the CFP. They are in. Yes, even if USC beats them.
This game was supposedly close. But it was

########
Rank: 8
Score: 25.875092
Retrieved Text: Remember how we mentioned a visit to the National Museum of the United States Air Force back in our previous post? Well, with all the hundreds of aircraft on display at the Air Force Museum, we thought it would be appropriate to give the museum its own post. Way back in 1995 – when I still was still a high-schooler certain of my trajectory toward the Air Force Academy – we visited Dayton on our one and only great cross-country family vacation. In fact, I have three hours of home video narrated by a voice-cracking, mumbling, monotone yours truly as proof of our trip – that, and about 200 photos (and that was in the days of film no less!). So, when I discovered I’d be headed up to Ohio again for a shoot, I made plans for a nostalgic visit to the Air Force Museum.
While things here and there have changed (and expanded!), the waves of nostalgia still flooded over me as I rounded the corner to the parking lot. I hadn’t even entered the exhibit halls yet – and I was already reminded of our trip some 20 years ago. Once inside, the memories kept coming – and even a few surprises. When I entered the second hanger, filled with aircraft from the Korean and Vietnam wars, I had remembered that they had a B-52 on display (a massive plane that goes to show you just how gigantic the hangers are), but I was stunned to see that it was a dead ringer for

########
Rank: 9
Score: 25.857054
Retrieved Text: Coach Tom Herman begins his second season leading the Longhorns, with the opening of fall practice today. Texas is No. 21 in the preseason coaches poll released Thursday.
AUSTIN – The college football world lost its mind Saturday afternoon, and at the center of the social media maelstrom was Texas coach Tom Herman.
It began when Jeff Snook, a former Florida and Florida State beat writer who has written 11 college football books, posted a somewhat cryptic teaser on his Facebook page.
"I have confirmed that Texas Coach Tom Herman was the tipster who initiated Brett McMurphy's reporting, which led to this investigation at Ohio State-details to follow," Snook wrote, tying Herman into the domestic abuse situation at OSU involving former assistant Zach Smith.
Smith allegedly physically abused his ex-wife, Courtney, on multiple occasions. He was fired after Courtney revealed to McMurphy how several members of the coaching staff who knew of the spousal maltreatment did nothing to help. Coach Urban Meyer was placed on paid administrative leave starting Aug. 1.
The Ohio State graduate also alleged Herman, apparently on quest for revenge against his former boss, and his wife Michelle paid a portion of Courtney Smith's legal fees.
Herman denied all of Snook's claims.
"It is absolutely untrue," Herman said through a Texas spokesman. "Neither I, nor anybody in my family, has ever communicated with Brett McMurphy about the situation at Ohio State."
He added: "In March of 2017, my wife assisted her friend Courtney Smith during a time of financial need. We have not provided any financial assistance since then."
McMuprhy issued a

########
Rank: 10
Score: 25.580881
Retrieved Text: picture carolina carports dealers florida why choose.
2 barn buildings carolina carports dealers in alabama.
commercial garage carolina carports dealers florida metal parsons.
carport carports reviews price list carolina dealers in pa.
certified carport carolina carports dealers in ohio non.
we are a proud dealer of carports the 1 manufacturer in metal building industry inc was founded carolina dealers florida garages barns.
carports inc regular boxed eve vertical r carolina dealers in ohio ks.
vertical roof triple wide lap sided building carolina carports dealers florida fully enclosed.
gallery of sheet metal garage fresh carports problems dealers price carolina in ohio she.
for you we can find a home or building with the floor plan and materials to suit your lifestyle storage needs always add beauty carolina carports dealers.
share carports carolina dealers florida.
metal barn carolina carports dealers in ohio.
new carports including setup starting at carolina dealers in mississippi.
eagle barn edited 1 carolina carports dealers in ohio.
all vertical deluxe style barn carolina carports dealers in alabama barns.
two car steel carport carolina carports dealers florida boxed eave roof.
carports pole barns visit wwwcarportstxcom carolina dealers in ohio.
carports metal garage buildings side entry vertical roof x 2 carolina dealers in louisiana.
share carports carolina dealers in pa.
metal carports south steel carport prices carolina dealers florida.
the largest dealer for portable storage buildings and cabins carports metal garages carolina dealers florida about.
carports 1 metal garages steel barns in building carolina dealers mississippi.
approves of carports carolina dealers in pa.
investigates local carport industry after nationwide complaints carolina carports dealers in mississippi.
clear span commercial carport carolina carports dealers in pa.
carport dealers near me carports inc cardinal

########
Rank: 11
Score: 25.527977
Retrieved Text: Shipping a car from Ohio to Florida is easy with RoadRunner Auto Transport. Through our advanced network of over 2,500 open and enclosed auto transporters nationwide, we can reduce your car transport rates when shipping from Ohio to Florida.
Based on recent dispatch reports, the carrier availability rating from Ohio to Florida is 9/10. When calculating availability, many factors are taken into account in order to provide you with the most accurate transportation data and each state is rated individually - Ohio has a rating of 4/5 and Florida has a rating of 5/5, combining for a total availability rating of 9/10.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 25.368166
Retrieved Text: Over the last 12 months, these kids have shown what it means to be kind, compassionate and most of all, a decent human being, stepping up to the plate to help those in need, aid the homeless and rescue those in dire situations.
These are the true child stars of 2017.
Armani Crews, celebrated her 6th birthday in March with a party at a local homeless shelter. She and her family served pizza, chicken and fruit and gave their guests new toiletries as party favors.
“She had been asking us, but we thought she was just talking,” her mother, Artesha Smith-Crews told InsideEdition.com. “Her dad said, ‘If we do this, I am not buying you a birthday gift.’ She said, 'That’s okay.’ That’s when we knew she was serious."
Tyler Boone's mission to help his friend, but it took the Georgia boy a long time to do it. He spent two years growing his hair so he could make a wig for his pal Gabby, who has alopecia and lives in Florida. When it was time to make the cut in January, Gabby did the honors as she handled the scissors for Tyler's trim.
His hair was then sent off to an organization that makes wigs out of human hair.
A few quick-thinking kids did their part to save their elders in 2017.
An unnamed 9-year-old girl is credited with rescuing her own parents after authorities say they overdosed on heroin in their car as she sat in the back seat in March.
The mother was passed out at the wheel while the father

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.36504
Retrieved Text: There are cheap cars and there are inexpensive cars — and there’s a difference. A buyer settles for a cheap car because, well, it’s cheap to buy; an inexpensive car, on the other hand, can be appealing. The 2018 Kia Rio spans the gap. Available as a four.
But the ski helmet may soon move from being a regular sight on the pistes to a compulsory one – after a leading travel insurance company announced that it will no longer cover clients who refuse to protect their heads while skiing. Essential Travel says.
They looked at six factors affecting the cost of owning a vehicle including the car sales tax, title fees, registration fees, average annual car insurance premiums. New Jersey, and Florida. The cheapest state was New Hampshire at $8,098 for 3 years.
Arby’s was founded in 1964 in Boardman, Ohio by Forrest and Leroy Raffel. The Raffel’s owned a restaurant equipment business and saw a need for a fast food chain that served something other than hamburgers.
For many years, the National Rifle Association has offered its members discounts on services like car rentals, flights, and insurance—the same kind of. as fury raged over the school shooting in Parkland, Florida, angry Twitter users brandishing.
welcome to the destination america website specialising in offering you the very best choices of accommodation throughout florida – plus car &.
On June 24th 2017 I purchased a LG Gas Dryer from Sears Outlet Online. I purchased the dryer for $650.00 and the three year insurance for $269.99 for a grand total $1291.73.
MAITLAND, Fla. —

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.331747
Retrieved Text: She became an apprentice at a tattoo shop while she was residing in Florida. From the start, everyone admired her flawless line work. After completing her apprenticeship, and spending about a year tattooing in Florida, she moved back home to Ohio. This is where her talents were recognized, and clients began flowing in. What sets Tiffany apart from other artists is her undying love for art, her captivating creative style, and she's a stickler for perfection.
Tiffany is still working at Artful Impressions in Ontario, Ohio. She is engaged and a mother of two little handsome men and a stepmother of two.
Tiffany was born in Mansfield, Ohio on September 17th, 1990. At a very young age, she was inspired by art of all kinds. She fell in love with art, utilizing it as an escape from the disturbing things that reality had to offer. Throughout her time in school, art class was always her favorite, and she put so much pride and passion into each project she was assigned.
In middle school, she discovered her knack for free-hand drawing. She developed a profound attachment to this drawing style. She was able to express her feelings freely through the pencil. From flowers to people Tiffany was able to draw up anything with ease. In high school, while friends would spend their free days hanging out or partying, Tiffany dedicated that time to what she was truly passionate about, drawing.
After graduating high school, Tiffany wanted to pursue her dream and become an artist, however with all the negativity from family

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.330967
Retrieved Text: Shipping a car from Florida to Ohio is easy with RoadRunner Auto Transport. Through our advanced network of over 2,500 open and enclosed auto transporters nationwide, we can reduce your car transport rates when shipping from Florida to Ohio.
Based on recent dispatch reports, the carrier availability rating from Florida to Ohio is 9/10. When calculating availability, many factors are taken into account in order to provide you with the most accurate transportation data and each state is rated individually - Florida has a rating of 5/5 and Ohio has a rating of 4/5, combining for a total availability rating of 9/10.
Ohio is a state located in the eastern north-central US. It is bordered on the north by Michigan and the Canadian province of Ontario; on the east by Pennsylvania and West Virginia; on the south by West Virginia and Kentucky and on the west by Indiana. The geographic center of the state is in Delaware County. The total boundary length of the state is 997 miles. The landscape of Ohio has three distinct topographical regions: the foothills of the Allegheny Mountains, the Erie lakeshore, and the central plains in the western half of the state.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.304667
Retrieved Text: The Ohio State Buckeyes have added the San Diego State Aztecs to their 2013 football schedule, the school announced today.
Ohio State will host San Diego State at Ohio Stadium on Sept. 7, 2013. The two schools met three times in the early 2000’s and the Buckeyes came away with the win in each contest.
With the addition of the SDSU game on Sept. 7, Ohio State has moved their home contest against Florida A&M to Sept. 21. Buffalo occupied the Sept. 21 position on OSU’s schedule and has been moved to the season opener on Aug. 31.
The Vanderbilt Commodores had been set to be Ohio State’s 2013 season opener, but the Commodores backed out last month via a letter.
“We are very appreciative that Buffalo and Florida A&M had some flexibility and were open to changing game dates,” Smith said.
Ohio State’s other non-conference game, which remains unchanged, is a Sept. 14 trip to take on the California Golden Bears.
In Big Ten play, the Buckeyes will host Wisconsin, Iowa, Penn State, and Indiana and will travel to Northwestern, Purdue, Illinois, and Michigan.
Nice recovery for the Buckeyes on short notice. Probably only a lateral move, but it doesn’t further hurt an OOC schedule that was weak to begin with.
actually pete i would say that adding s.d. state is a bump considering how they have been the last few years. but just glad as a buckeyes fan to see them trying to bump the schedule up. i am all for a cupcake or 2 but not 3 out of four. i

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.243877
Retrieved Text: "His speed is such a weapon," Riley said. "Half the time (last season) it was awesome and half the time it was out of control and you were like, 'What are you doing?' Now it's much more polished. It's so much more refined. He knows when to use it. He's gone from being a fast guy to really starting to become a good football player."
Brown didn't play against Ohio State last season and had just 18 catches the first six games before becoming the man announcer Gus Johnson calls "Hollywood" — a nod to Brown's Florida hometown and his eye-catching play.
He's beyond normal fast. Former Oklahoma quarterback Baker Mayfield said last season that Brown was faster than Dede Westbrook, the current Jacksonville Jaguars receiver who was timed at 4.34 seconds in the 40-yard dash at Oklahoma's pro day in 2017.
Brown's speed helped him catch touchdown passes of 87 yards against Tulane and 84 yards against Oklahoma State, the fifth- and ninth-longest receptions in school history. He also had a 77-yarder against Oklahoma State.
Brown figures teams will be more prepared to deal with his speed after watching film. To counter the extra attention he expects, he took several steps this summer to make sure there's more to his game. He spent time working out with Pittsburgh Steelers receiver Antonio Brown, put on muscle and improved his nutrition.
"Just being fast is not going to get you to everything," Marquise Brown said. "Being fast is going to get you by, but you're going to come across somebody who's just

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.212618
Retrieved Text: Note to consumers: Rainbow flag paint job not standard on the VW bug.
It's been a whole year since Erin Davies first discovered the words "UR Gay" and "Fag" scrawled in red spray paint on her VW bug, which was parked near her downtown Albany apartment.
After her initial humiliation, Erin became fascinated by people's reactions to the graffiti on the car. That sparked the idea to drive across the country with the words on the car, and to film the experience in an effort to open up a dialogue and raise awareness of gay rights. She's also spoken at numerous college campuses throughout the year. She says it's very exciting to have made it to the one year mark, following a year filled with ups and downs.
After traveling for about two months, Erin began working on compiling the hours of footage she'd collected to turn it into a documentary. She took off from graduate school at Sage to work on the project full time. She's applied for numerous grants, including one from Sundance, to get her film made. Volkswagen gave her $10,000 to use for gas money, car expenses and the film. And they paid for the fagbug's transformation, unveiled last week, on the one-year anniversary of Erin's decision to take the car on a cross-country trip. Today the VW is a rainbow flag on wheels, complete with a "Fagbug" logo.
Now in the editing process, Erin says she's still learning from the project every day and meeting many people with similar stories. While most of the attention

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.106384
Retrieved Text: After almost 25 years in California, our family moved to Florida. It was time. Doris and I had done some incredible things throughout our stay in California. Doris started Samba Collection in our art Studio on Daisey Avenue. I had my first art show there, was accepted into the new artist gallery at the LA County Museum of Art, co-authored VisualText with Amnon Meyers, we started SambaLa, we owned Tonys Restaurant for a number of years.
SambaLa was by far our most expensive hobby but in many ways the most gratifying. I found myself, Doris and our friends doing things we would never been able to do without our little samba school by the sea. Carnavals we put on, the best carnaval ball ever put on in LA (in my humble opinion), launching the Rio car in South Korea, playing for Bridget Fonda’s wedding, doing the 2010 Rose Parade, playing with Beck and 160 other musicians, the Brazilian Day in LA, and most recently, playing for the world-cup trophy tour. But the biggest of all by far was Unidos do Mundo where we got 19 countries to parade samba dancers and drummers in the Sambadrome in the year 2000.
I also met Dr. Ricardo Carezani who turned me onto real science and what it is to truly be a scientist. I love hanging out with the most brilliant minds on the planet that no one knows about in the newly formed John Chappell Natural Philosophy Society. I got to do the movie Einstein Wrong – The Miracle Year

########
Rank: 20
Score: 25.038437
Retrieved Text: I knew the mob would be out to crucify the Buckeyes after an alleged �close game� against Michigan State. Like the rest of you, after the third turnover in the third quarter, I was screaming �get the offense off the field!!!� In spite of the faults, the Bucks did a good job against an up-and-coming MSU team. Unfortunately, that was not enough to keep the media gawkers at bay.
Of course, looking back to the 2002 team, no one ever thought we had a chance against Miami and look what happened. No one said winning would be pretty, but we�re getting the job done every weekend. If our team was so horrible, how could we be putting up roughly 34 points a game and holding our opponents to a touchdown or less every Saturday?!
We have the number one defense in the country. If you want to compare offenses, Navy is the current leading rushing offense, and Texas Tech leads the country in the passing game and total offense. The only major category teams like LSU, Oklahoma, Southern Cal, and Florida hold a claim to is passing efficiency � and only Florida takes that cake.
Does LSU �deserve� to be in that championship game any more so than Ohio State? Did they really win against Auburn, or just get lucky? (The same can be said about the Florida-LSU game.) What makes me so mad is that jaded media phonies sit in their padded chairs on a TV sound stage and foam at the mouth about how �unfair� a process

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.967892
Retrieved Text: One player says the new look will actually help the Hawkeyes play better against Ohio State.
IOWA CITY, Ia. — Alternate uniforms may not seem like a big deal to everyone. Iowa coach Kirk Ferentz has made it clear he prefers the Hawkeyes' traditional uniforms, while we're on the topic.
But player after player who was asked about the team's “Blackout” uniforms for Saturday's 2:30 p.m. game against No. 3 Ohio State couldn’t help but grin.
The Hawkeyes will wear a mostly-black uniform the school unveiled Sunday night with staged photos of some of Iowa’s star players that were taken on the Wednesday of the team’s bye week.
Cornerback Joshua Jackson was another player who got an early glimpse. He was asked shortly thereafter about the photo shoot by curious teammates.
“All my teammates were asking what it looks like,” Jackson said.
The players seemed to like the helmets best — a black Tiger Hawk with a gold outline on one side, the player’s jersey number in black (also with gold outline) on the other.
"They look good," Wadley said.
Running back James Butler even said the new lid even feels better. The team’s been practicing with them this week.
Do the one-time jerseys make a difference on the scoreboard?
Ferentz isn't so sure about that. He played along with a string of hilarious answers to show his (fake) excitement for the alternate jerseys.
"I couldn't sleep Saturday night. I mean, I was so excited. So excited," Ferentz said. "It was even better to see the helmets. We wore the helmets in practice today. I was trying

########
Rank: 22
Score: 24.924706
Retrieved Text: DETROIT - "White Boy" Rick Wershe was released from a Michigan prison Tuesday and is on his way to Florida.
Wershe waived an extradition hearing earlier this month and was cleared to close out his 29 years behind bars in Michigan. However, he must serve time in a Florida prison for a crime he pleaded guilty to behind bars.
Wershe, who spent nearly three decades behind bars as a nonviolent drug offender, was released from the Oaks Correction Facility, and turned over to U.S. Marshals.
Wershe said he pleaded guilty to participating in a car-theft ring in order to spare his sister and mother from being charged. Now, it's time for him to go to Florida and serve the remainder of his sentence for that guilty plea.
"You don't know what's in store," Wershe said. "It doesn't really scare me. You have your thoughts and what it's going to be like."
It's unclear how much time Wershe will serve in a Florida prison. He was recently given a document showing he is being awarded 40 days of good time. His release date is listed as pending.
If Wershe serves all his time, it could be a little more than two and a half years, but he will also be eligible to ask for release through clemency in as little as a few months. Wershe said he will stay positive and do everything he can to gain early release.
"I have to deal with it, and whatever it is, that's what I'm going to do," Wershe said.
Wershe was the longest-service nonviolent juvenile offender in

########
Rank: 23
Score: 24.90756
Retrieved Text: Police in Ohio have arrested a man caught with a car stolen from a Florida home where his in-laws and their son were found dead, along with three pet dogs.
Meanwhile, the suspect’s wife – the daughter of the slain couple – remains missing.
Police in Tarpon Springs, Florida, on Friday said that 25-year-old Shelby John Nealy was taken into custody in the Cleveland suburb of Lakewood, Ohio.
It wasn’t immediately clear if he has been charged with a crime or has a lawyer.
Investigators identified the victims found inside a mobile home on Juanita Way in Tarpon Springs as 71-year-old Richard Louis Ivancic; his wife, 59-year-old Laura Ann Ivancic; and their son, 25-year-old Nicholas James Ivancic.
Police have not said how they died but that the killings likely happened December 19 or December 20.
The bodies of three small dogs also were discovered inside the trailer home.
Nealy was arrested after authorities were able to track a red 2013 Kia Sorento owned by Laura Ivancic to Ohio.
He was taken into custody at 7pm Thursday after walking outside toward the vehicle from an apartment on Newman Avenue, where Jamie and Shelby’s two children aged 2 and 3 were inside unharmed.
They were taken to a family services agency.
Tarpon Springs police investigators have interviewed Nealy — who also goes by the alias Shelby Svenson — in Ohio and they say he admitted involvement in the killings.
Cleveland.com reported that Jamie Ivancic and Nealy were both charged with domestic violence after an October 5, 2016, altercation.
Jamie, who was pregnant with her second child at the time, accused

########
Rank: 24
Score: 24.905182
Retrieved Text: UPDATE 10:35 p.m. ET: It’s over, folks: Obama wins Wisconsin, which invalidates any remaining alternative path to 27o for Mitt Romney. Florida looks very much like a loss for Romney, who will hang on to North Carolina and, maybe, Virginia, but that’s not enough if Florida is gone.
The last time I looked at Ohio results, Romney was trailing by 60,000 votes and actually under-performing in the bellwether, Butler County. But the apparent loss in Ohio is moot, without Florida. Also, Iowa and Colorado look kinda iffy. So it is time to think about what this means — The Final Wisdom, the gestalt of the zeitgeist, which I must write for the American Spectator.
Please forgive me for having encouraged anyone to believe that there was still hope to save America. We’re obviously doomed beyond all hope of redemption.
UPDATE 10:50 p.m. ET:The dark gloom of stygian night might be mildly lightened if you were to hit the tip jar.
It’s 7 p.m. ET and polls just closed in the key battleground state of Virginia. It is also now 30 minutes until polls close here in the key battleground of Ohio.
The Other McCain Decision Desk™ 2012 is watching results closely, preparing to be first to declare officially that Mitt Romney has won.
UPDATE 7:15 p.m. ET: We can declare Romney the winner in Kentucky, Georgia and South Carolina, while Obama has won the Peoples Democratic Republic of Vermont.
The word for this is not “journalism,” but hallucinations.
UPDATE 7:33 p.m. ET: CNN just called West Virginia for Romney, but South Carolina and Georgia

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.848091
Retrieved Text: Auto insurance for bad drivers Ohio. Auto Insurance Quotes can Save you HUNDREDS on Auto Insurance!
When You add these extras they cost you dearly if you are not listed on your Collision Coverage is not to both savings for anything, including service oriented. Some days it takes a few more that I know what each policy is higher than other options.
When you've talked to someone and when the owner has to be kept safely. Another good way of driving a year and remain in a provider, beyond the good driver discount to the non-standard auto insurance for bad drivers Ohio coverage. They sell the employer's on allowing them to use a search engine, and you will agree with me that an insurance firm might not be using. When you are living in this situation, holding an auto club. Car insurance premium when you take other steps that can cost a driver and economic demographics before they take most things out of your life. Even as seniors surpass the ages of the offline places in your area. In order to keep your car on the ones you can't find out before you decide to purchase them their money's worth out of your insurance company. Consider getting basic coverage you need: This can drive a vehicle that will offer discounts for good driving record you can afford to pay. However, the scope of the state requires liability or slightly more than one good agent.
Even those states that increasing costs associated with it is to find quotes. The specific

########
Rank: 26
Score: 24.811346
Retrieved Text: WARREN, Ohio (AP) — The last Chevy Cruze sedan assembled at General Motors' Lordstown assembly plant in northeast Ohio has a buyer.
The Warren Tribune Chronicle reports the sedan was originally headed to a dealership in Florida but instead was sent Friday to a dealership in Warren where a buyer is expected to take delivery next week.
Sweeney Chevrolet vice president Alexa Sweeney Blackann says when her store learned of a customer's interest in purchasing the last Cruze a deal was worked out with the Florida dealership.
The car came off the line Wednesday afternoon. The idling of the plant leaves 1,700 hourly workers at Lordstown without jobs for now.
United Auto Workers officials say they remain hopeful GM will bring in a new vehicle line at the massive plant outside Youngstown.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.783752
Retrieved Text: For Romney, one advantage of the Paul Ryan VP pick is that it moves the needle a bit in Wisconsin. Romney has said that he wants to win Ohio, Florida, Virginia and to take away a blue state.
This survey from the progressive leaning PPP poll shows Ryan making Wisconsin very competitive for the Romney campaign.
I love this localist name-dropping even when it is so transparently untrue. Does anyone believe the health-nut and P90x-loving Paul Ryan washes down Brats with Miller?
But in any case, winning Wisconsin’s 10 Electoral votes could be one of the narrowest paths to victory for Romney, assuming he is able to make Ohio, Florida, and Virginia fall his way. Then Romney could still lose New Hampshire, Colorado, North Carolina, Pennsylvania and New Mexico, but eke out a 273-265 win in the Electoral College.
Posted in Election, Politics. Tagged Mitt Romney, Paul Ryan, wisconsin.
I have been saying for several months (on Larison’s blog), in response to arguments that Romney “didn’t have a chance” against Obama, that Romney had a path to victory by adding to the 180 electoral vote base of McCain in 2008 (when those same states carried only 170 electoral votes) the almost certain 11 votes of Indiana and the 75 electoral votes of Ohio, Virginia, North Carolina and Florida. That would take Romney to 266 votes, only four shy of the necessary 270. I just finished reading a Des Moines Register article concerning Obama’s heavy campaigning in that five electoral vote state, which indicates that Iowa is very close. (Recent polls show

########
Rank: 28
Score: 24.771374
Retrieved Text: Where are you from? Your profession? I currently live in Milton, Georgia, but for 35 years I lived and worked in Cincinnati, Ohio. Before retiring in 2003, I was a professor at the University of Cincinnati for 30 years, doing research, teaching, and a small amount of administration. By training I am a developmental psychobiologist.
When and how did you become interested in paddling? When young, I fished with my dad and in the process learned I loved being on the water, especially in the early morning when it’s quiet, fog hides everything except what-is-near, and the sun is just coming up. While in grad school, I felt I had no time for anything but work, but then the dad of a friend almost died in surgery and I rethought my priorities, which meant I purchased a canoe and started paddling. That was more than 40 years ago.
Where is your favorite place to paddle? When I lived in Cincinnati, I loved paddling into town on the Ohio River at dusk after a lengthy paddle. The city’s lights of many colors reflected on the water, and it was beautiful, all the more beautiful if a game was occurring in the stadium on the river and fireworks were going off. Another favorite is the Buffalo River in northern Arkansas. While beautiful, majestic cliffs stand high above the paddler, the fish and boulders beneath the water are also visible. Each time I’m on this river, I realize I miss half of what is there to be experienced when I’m on

########
Rank: 29
Score: 24.70872
Retrieved Text: 2014 Mustang 50th Birthday Celebration is almost here!
Buy a Mustang art print and make it look like your car. Here’s where you can custom order a print to your exact specifications. Every option the car came with in it’s perspective year can be added right in. Wheels, tires, hood scoop’s, stripes,vinyl tops, body colors, and many other parts to look exactly like the your car.
Are you looking for the best presentation to show off your cars hot features? Just can’t get the idea in your head right – Let Danny do the work for you. You can even get a total makeover for your Mustang if you’re doing a custom build project! What better way to celebrate Mustang’s 50th Birthday.
How’s that for best and most complete Automotive Art available on the web!
This entry was posted in Car Art - Automotive Art of Danny Whitfield and tagged 1965 mustangs, 1965 mustangs for sale, 2010 mustangs for sale, 2011 mustangs, 2014, 350, 396, 65 mustangs for sale, all about mustangs, amazing cars, art for sale, art prints, artwork, automotive art, Autos, california hot rod culture, car art, Cars, cars mustangs, cheap mustangs, cheap mustangs for sale, classic car, classic mustangs, classic mustangs for sale, cool cars, custom car, Danny Whitfield, dealerships, fox body mustangs for sale, gt500, muscle car, Mustang 50th Birthday Celebration April 17, mustang performance, mustangs, mustangs 2013, mustangs and mustangs, mustangs cars, mustangs for sale, mustangs for sale in australia, mustangs for sale in florida, mustangs for sale in georgia, mustangs for sale in ohio,

================



======= Instance Index 12 =========
Input Text: A cat can't talk, but a cat can what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- sleep all day
- meow
- shed fur
- see king
- live many years

Target Text: meow

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 32.11309
Retrieved Text: This is a picture of a cat with three legs. It's face is pointed towards you and you can only see it's two eyes, but no mouth or nose. It's ears are pointed upwards, and it's tail is slanted on top of it's body. The legs are very long.
This Cat icon is made in flat color style. This format was developed by Icons8 designer team and became immensely popular for use in web and mobile applications. Feel free to download this icon in PNG format for free, or unlock other formats for $5. Unlike other icon packs that have merely hundreds of icons, this monster icon pack contains 5,900 icons, all in the same style and quality.
Cats are the most popular animals on the internet! The cat icon can be used on pet or cat themed websites. Perhaps there is a section on cat food; this icon would be perfect to distinguish it, the same with a section of cat videos or cat stories. The cat icon would be perfect on a farmer website or a cozy mystery website, as cats are often involved in cozy mysteries. Once can't forget that these icons can be used as bullet points as well.
You can use the cat icon in articles about cats.
You can use the cat icon to talk about cat videos on YouTube.
You can use the cat icon to talk about cat food or feeding time for cats.
Related icons that may be useful include the dog, sheep, bunny, and pig icon.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 31.770046
Retrieved Text: By Mario Alexander on January 1, 2019.
Anyone living with an older cat knows that, like people, they develop age-related ailments just as we do as humans. Sometimes, those changes wrought about by age sneak up on us until one day we notice that our feline family member is no longer trying to jump up on the countertop to see what mom is doing in the kitchen or suddenly jerks off our laps when we inadvertently hit a painful spot on their back, neck or hips. If you have been noticing these kinds of changes in your cat, there are things you can do to ease their suffering, but it all starts with an accurate diagnosis.
What Age Is Considered ‘Senior' in Cats?
The first two years of a cat's life equals 24 years in humans.
After that, add 4 years for every calendar year.
At 11 years they are classified as elderly.
Between 11 and 14 years they are senior.
At 15 (human years that is) cats are geriatric.
Therefore, a senior cat has been with your family for at least 11 years which means that by this point, you know the norms of your cat's behavior.
Once you understand what signs to look for, you can begin helping your cat deal with aging. Quite often it is pain, which they obviously can't tell you about, but senior cats also become finicky eaters and much more dependent on you for the littlest of things. In recent years, many cat owners have been turning to alternative treatments such as CBD oil for cats for two

########
Rank: 2
Score: 31.658218
Retrieved Text: Gonna Start to smell real soon.
That pun was a catastrophe ... I'll show myself out.
I'll admit that pun was kind of a feliny in the ice of the law.
Frozen animals look seriously creepy. If she wants to keep a fond memory of her cat it's best not to freeze it, or let it decompose for that matter.
What do you suggest she do with the cat? Once she buries him, the cat will start to decompose.
I've seen urns for pets. Maybe the sister is looking to cremate him by preserving the cat in the freezer 'til she finds a place to do it? I know the thought is gross but people do crazy things when their beloved furry friends expire.
She could get him/her stuffed.
Even if she does get the cat stuffed, she'll have to try to preserve him as much as possible until she brings in the cat for that process. That's probably why she's freezing him?
The vet (or the taxidermist) does that for you, in freezers designed for this very purpose. It is not safe, or sanitary to freeze your dead pet at home, not to mention it's beyond selfish if it's a shared freezer. If she wants her cat cremated or stuffed she needs to take it to the vet or the taxidermist ASAP. Not leave it to slowly rot until she can make her mind up.
it ran away to a big farm upstate? or is it too late for that spill?
Okay, who let the cat into the bag?
That's pretty nasty imo. Can't you bury

########
Rank: 3
Score: 31.646526
Retrieved Text: Eating cat feces isn't good for your dog but it is more disgusting than harmful. Cat litter, on the other hand, is dangerous. The cat litter can cause bowel obstruction with potentially fatal consequences. Talk to your vet about the degree of risk.
1. Put cat box in bathroom. Install cat door in bathroom door. Keep bathroom door closed. (similar with other rooms or large closets) If the puppy/dog is small enough to fit through a cat door use the kind of cat door with a magnetic catch that is released by a special collar on the cat.
2. Build a "cat run" in the garage. Put cat box in it. Install cat door to connect inside house to inside of "cat run." In the newspaper article the people installed a cat door in the wall between the house and the garage - then built a "cat run" in the garage to keep the cat from roaming the garage, getting into the car engiine (nice and warm) or getting out and getting squished. The cat run had a large door to access and service the cat box. They disguised the cat door by putting a nice picture on it and similiar styled pictures in a vertical line on the wall about the opening - very nice.
3. Get "cat play pen" (large cage with an upper and lower door) Put cat box on floor of cage, leave upper door open, keep lower door closed. Most dogs can't jump well enough to jump up to the upper door and into

########
Rank: 4
Score: 31.295105
Retrieved Text: "Don't te talk to that cat.
Don't te let him come near.
te just stay there, te two.
Do te know where I found him?
te know where he was?
I said, "Cat! te get out!
te get out of this house!
We don't want te about!"
A big long rosa cat ring!
It looked like rosa ink!
Do te know how he did it?
"Oh, bacheca spots!" he laughed.
"Let me tell te some news.
Can te take THEM away?"
"Why, te know that I can!"
Now the letto had the spot!
Will be hard," detto the cat.
detto the Cat in the Hat.
On the superiore, in alto of my head!
The three of us! Little Gatti B, C and A!"
With this broom! Do te see?
But now te made Snow Spots!
te can't let THEM stay!"
detto C, B, and A.
Little Gatti E, F and G!
detto Little Gatti G, F, E, D, C, B, A.
"Now te will see something new!
My Gatti are all clever.
My Gatti are good shots.
My Gatti have good guns.
"All this does is make più spots!"
"Your Gatti are no good.
And te take them away!"
"Oh, no!" detto the cat.
"All they need is più help.
We must have più than them.
And they made high rosa hills!
rosa snow men! rosa snow balls!
They need one più cat.
So don't try. te can not.
te can't see," detto the Cat.
And te know where my little Gatti are?"
"...with Little Gatti A, B, C, D..

########
Rank: 5
Score: 31.068495
Retrieved Text: I’m creating a text adventure where the player is controlling a robot. I was also planning on the player having the ability to name the robot or something like that. Is there any way I can do this easily.
In one of my games, I had a cat the player could name. Here’s the source code to that. Many props to A.Schultz for helping me with it.
> a cat is an animal in Among the Books.  "Lounging among the books is your cat, [Nickname of the cat in sentence case]."
> 	say "You talk to [nickname of cat in sentence case] for a little bit.  Although he doesn't talk back, he pays keen attention to you and [italic type]meows[roman type] appropriately."
> the cat has some indexed text called the nickname.
> the nickname of the cat is "Bookstore Cat".
> understand the nickname property as describing the cat.
> 	say "[nickname of the cat in sentence case]"
> naming it with is an action applying to one thing and one topic.
> understand "name [something][text]" as naming it with.
> 	say "You can't name that."
> 	say "You revoke your choice of cat-name."
> 	say "The cat is now known as [nickname of the cat in sentence case]."
Some, none, or all of this might help you. Enjoy!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 30.874924
Retrieved Text: On episode ONE HUNDRED FORTY-THREE of The Purrrcast, Sara and Steven take a journey to the House of Nekko to chat with Peter Cohen. He teaches us the ins and outs of Feline infectious peritonitis (FIP) and what you can do about it, how he came to care for 24 cats, takes us on a tour of his spectacular cat house, and more! The Purrrcast, talking to cat people because we can't talk to their cats.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 30.707233
Retrieved Text: I know, cats can't really read (or can they?) but I wrote mine this letter anyway﻿. By the way, the next Cat Mom's Day is Sunday, May 10, 2015.
Mother's Day is coming up soon and I just want to remind you that means you must give me a card and a gift. No, I don't mean the kind of gifts you leave in the litter box or cough up onto my new area rug. And yes, you are all precious gifts yourselves but allowing me to pet you, feed you and tell you how wonderful you are doesn't count either.
Now, I would like it very much if your gift to me was a day of you all being well behaved, getting along with each other and being less demanding but we all know the chances of that happening. So what you need to do instead is talk to Dad. Remind him what a very good Cat Mom I am and that I deserve something special for Cat Mom's Day. He'll know what to do.
And before you ask me when Cats' Day is, I'll tell you: In this house and in my heart, Cats' Day is every day.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 30.571894
Retrieved Text: The emmy winning PBS Kids Series Peg + Cat has a new picture book: The Eid al-Adha Adventure and one of my readers will be fortunate enough to win one!
Peg + Cat is co-created by Jennifer Oxley (Little Bill, The Wonder Pets!) and Billy Aronson (Rent, Postcards from Buster) and produced by Fred Rogers Productions. In addition to its six Daytime Emmy® wins, including “Outstanding Preschool Children’s Animated Program” and “Outstanding Writing in a Preschool Animated Program,” the series has been honored with four Parents’ Choice Gold Awards.
I have yet to watch Peg + Cat but hope to look it up this week because we were huge Little Bill and The Wonder Pet fans back in the day. I can't wait to talk about it with my preschool class in September. It looks wonderful. Amazon has it, so I can watch the first episode tonight.
No I have never seen Peg + Cat but it looks like a show my kids and I would love.
No, I have never watched Peg + Cat.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 30.464182
Retrieved Text: The say it's as large as a big dog. But it's a cat...at least that's what they think it is......but no one really knows what it is.
I heard all about it on the radio....one Sunday night in 1943.
Narrator: "It... Is... Later... Than... You... Think!"
Announcer: "Lights Out brings you stories of the supernatural and the supernormal, dramatizing the fantasies and the mysteries of the unknown. We tell you this frankly, so if you wish to avoid the excitement and tension of these imaginative plays, we urge you calmly, but sincerely, to turn off your radio... now."
Well, my Dad didn't turn off the radio....but he did TURN OFF THE LIGHTS.
Who's calling me Aunt Harriet? Who, I say? Who are you?
Why, I'm Alice! Alice Preston!
(IN A LITTLE CLOSER) Alice! Oh, yes, yes, bless my soul, I know you! Come in! - Come in!
The girls enter the house and after some small talk, Aunt Harriet goes to prepare some tea for the girls.
(IN A LOW TENSE VOICE INTERRUPTING) Lona!
Why - it's a dog!
(IN GREAT AMAZEMENT) Why, no! It's - it's a cat!
(UNBELIEVING LY) Cat? But it can't be!
Big as a police dog!
We - we're not seeing things?
(AGHAST) It is a cat!
(IN TERROR) Not a cat! Tiger!
(UNDERSTANDINGLY) Oh! He's frightened you!
What - what is it?
(SHARPLY) You've got eyes, haven't you?
It's so dark in that corner we can't hardly tell! (LAUGHS) It's - it's not a tiger, is it?
He shouldn't be here at all! It's much too early for Him!
Aunt Harriet, didn't you hear me? I asked you what it is.
(IRRITABLY) What

########
Rank: 10
Score: 30.29029
Retrieved Text: Popping Culture: Finally! A breakthrough in cat technology!
Finally! A breakthrough in cat technology!
Bonnie will not like this.
As for me, being married for almost 12 years, I can neither confirm or deny the humor and/or lack there of with the carrier.
The other stuff is amusing, funny, thought-provoking and even strangely sad. But this is downright hilarious! Makes me want to sneeze though. Meow.
I took one of my cats to the vet about a year ago, and she seemed very afraid of the thermometer until in was in...at which point she started purring. The vet gave me an odd look. Talk about an uncomfortable silence. I can't help but think this same cat would love this device.
Scott called our house last night to let us know about you. I wish I had known earlier so that we could already be praying for that MIRACLE we all want for you. Please keep us updated and let us know if there is anything at all we can do for you or Stephanie. I have the whole family living with us including 5 children, so we will be keeping in touch and praying hard.
The WHOLE family? What turn of events brought that return to the roost?
I think they got the cat carrier graphic mixed up with the graphic for another product that seems to do terrible things.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 30.272821
Retrieved Text: Bengal Cat Forums • View topic - What are your favorite Bengal information resources?
What are your favorite Bengal information resources?
Post subject: What are your favorite Bengal information resources?
What are your favorite "go-to" resources for Bengal info, ok, besides this forum ! Books, links, vids? I'm interested in behavioral and health tips.
Post subject: Re: What are your favorite Bengal information resources?
Besides that I also get a lot of information from my breeder, I message her several times per week about my two for advice and just so she can see how they grow. I haven't actually found any good books specific to Bengals.
Wow, excellent recommendations! There are a couple of books I want and now I'm worried about what she is eating !!!
I haven't actually found any good books specific to Bengals.
Yea, me neither. For really insightful bengal-specific stuff, I think that Bengals Illustrated magazine is really good.
Brian is great with resources!!! Sarah is super helpful as well. There are books specifically on bengals, but if you just google "bengal cat" you can read blogs owners have written -- this forum is a great resource as well. I don't believe reading up on a bengal can actually prepare you for owning one.
Thank you. Yea, I have a couple of bengal specific books. They are kind of fun reads, but not very insightful to be honest. They'll give you the history of the bengal breed, talk a little bit about stereotypical physical and behavioral characteristics, and then fill out the rest of the books with generic cat stuff.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 30.029469
Retrieved Text: If you regularly take steps to prevent your cat from becoming infested with fleas, either via a flea collar, topical medicine, or another treatment, you may be upset if you find living fleas on your cat. Unfortunately, this is entirely possible, and there are a variety of possible reasons for it. Read this guide to find out why your cat may still have fleas even after being treated.
One of the most common problems that prevents anti-flea treatments from working properly is a flawed use or application. For example, if a flea collar is on your cat for too long, it may stop working properly. Flea collars may also not work properly if they're exposed to moisture or rain.
If you use a topical anti-flea treatment on your cat, make sure that you're applying it directly to your cat's skin in a place they can't lick, like the back of their neck. If it only gets applied to the fur, the chemicals won't be absorbed into your cat's sebaceous glands, and it won't work as advertised.
Another possibility is that your home may have a flea problem, and those fleas are migrating to your cat.
While certain anti-flea medications will kill fleas on contact, others may only prevent the fleas from laying eggs on your cat. Even if your cat doesn't go outside, fleas in your home may be jumping from your carpet, furniture, or other tapestries onto your cat.
To stop this, have your home professionally cleaned to kill fleas. This may include steam-cleaning your carpets, furniture, and drapes, or

########
Rank: 13
Score: 29.929232
Retrieved Text: On episode EIGHTY-FOUR of The Purrrcast, journalist Trilby Beresford and director of photography Leslie Bumgarner talk all about their cat Huckleberry. They share the time Leslie rescued Huckleberry from a harrowing situation, the ways Huckleberry gets along with their new dog Ruby, and ponder on the identity of a mysterious person leaving cat food in their yard every day. The Purrrcast, talking to cat people because we can't talk to their cats.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 29.926418
Retrieved Text: >How long before we need to go back for the chicken?
>Let's not say anything condescending.
>"It does. ...Wanna talk about it?"
> You almost say something rude, but stop yourself. It's easier to just ask what you can do to help.
> You're not sure how long you can leave the chicken by herself, but she should at least be safe at your place.
> "I don't know. It's not like anything bad happened," Reimu says, still not lifting her head. "but it feels like something's missing. No matter how hard I think about it, I can't dig any deeper than that. It feels off."
Now we should either suggest meditating or hypnosis. She needs something that can get at the problem.
> "Something very important," Reimu confirms with a nod.
>Do we know if Satori can find forgotten memories?
>And, would she even want to?
> You're not close enough with Satori to know something like that, or if she would want to. If it were you, would you want to?
> You feel something rubbing against your ankle. Reimu looks under the table and coos. "Hi, kitty."
>Let's have a look at this kitty!
>Do we recall Reimu keeping pets at all?
>Do we feel like we've forgotten anything lately?
> You look down at the cat. It's a shorthair that you don't recall Reimu having, and it's a perfect shade of red that no cat would have. Huh.
> "I've already fed you, dummy," Reimu coos at the cat, unfazed.
>"Now where did you come from?"
>Is the cat the same color as our hen?
> The cat yowls at you.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 29.741615
Retrieved Text: The Purrrcast: 132 - Melisa Des Rosiers & Jesse Gomez - Oh My God, String!
On episode ONE HUNDRED THIRTY-TWO of The Purrrcast, Sara and Steven welcome illustrator Melisa Des Rosiers (aka inkedpawprints) and writer Jesse Gomez to talk about their kitties Scottish Play and Copernicus! We talk about the cats’ secret dorm room beginnings, Copernicus’s ability to open doors, cat tunnels, Melisa’s cat comics, and more. The Purrrcast, talking to cat people because we can't talk to their cats.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 29.710863
Retrieved Text: Let's talk about pregnancy and cats. No, not kittens and mom cats, but pregnant women and their cats. There is so much crazy information out there; we'll take this opportunity to try to straighten a few things out. Let's make a short list of things I hear at my hospital and go from there. The names have been excluded from the statements to protect the innocent.
1. The cat will attack my baby and smother it.
This statement is up there with "The aliens might take my baby." Cats don’t have some ingrained viciousness and need to rid the world of babies. Trying to understand how this notion came to be popular, maybe we could say that cats like warm things to snuggle with (babies are warm), and they like soft places to sleep (cribs are comfy). So it is totally possible that you could find your kitty curled up with the baby, but it's unlikely that he's got any malicious intent. If you are concerned about the cat being too close to the baby, keep the door shut. However, if you make the nursery just a normal part of everyday life, it will lose its super-secret power over the cat. I usually suggest letting the cat visit the baby's area way before the baby is even born. As we all know, cats can't resist something new. That whole curiosity thing, right? So allowing the cat to experience the baby's room will make it not so special anymore.
2. If I’m anywhere around the cat litter I’ll get toxoplasmosis.
Toxoplasmosis

########
Rank: 17
Score: 29.699175
Retrieved Text: Please say yes and I also when she gets older can she be med cat apprentice?
Oh, and also, you can be a med. cat apprentice only if the position is open.
Only Silverstream or Silverstar can accept your bio, I can't. Sorry.
I'm sorry too, we have no right to accept your bio's. And you've waited for a while now... If you have anymore troubles, or want to talk to me, Send me a PM.
Thanks for helping him out guys.Since Silverstar is inactive I will approve this bio.My apologies for making you all wait.
Also about the Medicine cat apprentice position,it is currently being held by me.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 29.355137
Retrieved Text: tu just stay there, tu two.
And find something to do."
Then that cat went right in!
He was up to no good!
As fast as I could!
Do tu know where I found him?
tu know where he was?
He was eating a cake in the tub!
And the cold water, too.
"What a bad thing to do!"
In a tub," laughed the cat.
"You should try it some time,"
Laughed the cat as he sat.
I said, "Cat! tu get out!
I have no time for tricks.
I must go back and dig.
Eating cake like a pig!
tu get out of this house!
We don't want tu about!"
And let it run out.
And then I SAW THE RING!
A ring in the tub!
And, oh boy! What a thing!
A big long rosado, rosa cat ring!
It looked like rosado, rosa ink!
Come off? I don't think!"
"Have no fear of that ring,"
Off tubs. Just like that!"
Do tu know how he did it?
But her dress was a mess!
Sally saw the dress, too!
We should work in the snow.
But that dress! What a spot!
"It may never come off!"
Sally said. "It may not!"
But the cat laughed, "Ho! Ho!
I can make the spot go.
"See here!" laughed the cat.
"It is not hard at all.
Off a dress is a wall!"
The spot off the dress.
Now the dress was all clean.
But the wall! What a mess!
"Oh, muro spots!" he laughed.
"Let me tell tu some news.
To take spots off a wall.
All I need is two shoes!"
Whose shows did he use?
I looked and saw whose!
"This is very bad news.
On this rug in the hall."
"But now we have rug spots!"
I yelled. "What a day!
Can tu take THEM away?"
"Don't ask

########
Rank: 19
Score: 29.233547
Retrieved Text: We don't know what day it is but we have a ton of fun with this one and there's so much to talk about in TAZ Amnesty! Anne gets a new nickname, Brittnay can't remember any names, and this time Nell gets ejected from the show. Hop into the probably-stolen sno-cat and let's roll!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 29.218897
Retrieved Text: Meitei had the means but was ever the Coincidental Child, unlikely to proffer any real assistance. That left our poor man of letters, who spoke in public on hanging and its mechanics, alone and in the lurch. It was up to me, then, to infiltrate the enemy camp, surveil their movements, and level the crooked field. I may be a cat, but I reside with a scholar, a scholar no less who reads Epictetus and slams it shut on his desk. I'm not your run-of-the-mill know-nothing cat, but stand, rather, in a class of my own. There's chivalry enough in me, even just in the tip of my tail, that I can't but answer this venture's call. In no way am I beholden to Kangetsu. My passion in this moment, in fact, transcends the plight of any single man. If I may be so bold, my mission is noble and divine - the restoration of heaven's justice and reverence for the Middle Path. The Azumabashi incident was usurped and misused. Hounds were loosed to steal near and eavesdrop, their ill-gotten gains paraded in triumph. Cartmen, stable hands, scallywags, rogue lodging students, hired hags, midwives, hoary witches, foolish dolts, all manner of folk had been corrupted into shameless service against a worthy son of our land -- A cat can only stand so much. Fortunately, the weather was fair. The thawing frost put me off a bit, but principle trumped bodily concern. Muddy paws, and the plum blossom prints they might track across the veranda, would annoy

########
Rank: 21
Score: 29.03477
Retrieved Text: Verity adores her cat, Mabel, and is desperately sad when she dies. Remembering her recent school lessons about the Ancient Egyptians, Verity decides to mummify Mabel and keep her hidden. Verity's dad and grandparents can't bear to talk about death, having lost Verity's mum several years ago - but when they eventually discover what Verity has done, the whole family realises it's time to talk. A superb handling of bereavement in Jacqueline Wilson's uniquely accessible and enjoyable style, for younger readers.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 29.013042
Retrieved Text: Man, Today was great. Okay so really it started out like any other day. I have waffles for breakfast. Did chores and my school work. Then I helped Mom set the bathroom up for her Christmas present. Since she hasn't been able to find herself a dog Dad let her bring a cat home from the shelter. The cat is one that has been used by the shelter for over 2 months to nurse kittens. She would nurse ANY thing. She even raised orphans that came into the shelter.
Meet Macy! She is just a simple gray and white cat that has a heart of gold. In the animal world animals don't raise other babies besides their own. In fact most times they will kill orphans to ensure their own survive. At the shelter she was just called the Momma Cat. But at our home she is going to be an indoor cat and her new name is Macy. She has to stay in the bathroom just like Slickett did until her stitches come out. Then she will have the run of the house and never have to hunt for food or care for babies again. This is enough to make the day great because Mom was happy to have Macy home and happy she no longer was contained in a cage But Mom did me one better. Meet Duke!!!!!
Duke is the biggest cat I have ever seen and he is mine. He will also be an indoor cat but he has to stay in the bathroom

########
Rank: 23
Score: 28.985064
Retrieved Text: There's a little bit of cat person in everyone, but what percent cat person are you really? Are you full on cat crazy or just feline fine? Let's find out! To the quiz!
What trait do you value most in a friend?
Which cat behavior do you identify with?
Which of these best describes your perfect Saturday?
Which of these things would you enjoy most?
When someone tells a bad joke, how do you react?
How consistent are your moods?
Based on the results of this quiz, you are 100% cat person! You don't just love cats, you're downright crazy for them. It's obvious that much like a cat, you're independent, quiet, introspective, and bold. You know who you are, what you want, and how to lead the life that's right for you!
Based on the results of this quiz, you are 75% cat person! It's obvious that you love cats and everything they embody. Much like a cat, you're independent, stubborn, and firmly rooted in your own beliefs. You don't just follow trends or fads, you make your own path in life! It looks like you've learned a thing or two from your feline friends!
Based on the results of this quiz, you are 50% cat person! Sure, you might not be cat crazy, but you do enjoy the company of a cat every now and then. While you love cats for their sense of independence, you simply can't get on bored with their stubborn nature and lack of loyalty.
Based on the results of this quiz, you are 20% cat person! While you might

########
Rank: 24
Score: 28.981293
Retrieved Text: Tip:on car ride home pet it lightly and talk in a soft voice.
Good cats a dead cat.
How Do YOU make your at happy says the Video and I say "Food"
*VERY SILLY. How come these combos are expressed with one tail gesture?* Excited or Threatened! Angry or Wants to Play!! My cat's tail is always straight and doesn't mean anything that this video says!
I talk to my cats, they are with me everyday so communication is important.
I have a problem with the tail trick. My cat has no tail!
I like my cat his name is chotu it is a hindi word which means small.
Um i have a problem My cat's tail is chopped off..
My cat is happy with his life! I give him lots of love and attention and treats.
What about a girl cat!!
Pls can someone help me to get my cat out of his hiding spot.
Who’s watching this and don’t have a cat?
I have two 1yr old twin tabby cats called poppy and peanut . today i am going to Blackpool to adopt a 6 week old ginger boy , we are going to call him Luca !
Bright side you need to step up ur excitment in ur voice.
wait whos the copy cat i love potatos or R. Liley?
I know what gets cats excited, catnip.
I don’t even have a cat....why am I watching this?
I'm both dog and cat person.
I like both but prefer cats!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 28.968723
Retrieved Text: One of the five points copied below. Go to link to see rest.
Wouldn't white fear be more direct?
She also claims to be a "cat lady".
4. Wouldn't white fear be more direct?
They’re the same thing, but the fear part is what makes white people call the cops.
And they're saying to talk both about racial bias, and white privilege.
I can't imagine how they could talk about this at all without talking about fear of African Americans though.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 28.961235
Retrieved Text: Late spring and early summer are the "kitten" months for any cat shelter. Cats have their litters at that time, and people without the time or desire to take care of them, bring the kittens into the shelters for adoption. Many shelters can use additional support during the summer months. Monetary donations are always welcomed, but here are few different ways to help out your local cat shelter.
One of the constant expenses for any cat shelter is food. They strive to give the cats a high-quality diet. Some cats may require special diets for health reasons. Donations of pet food are always appreciated.
Set up donation boxes in pet food stores and veterinarian clinics to collect food for the shelter. Talk to the vet that works with the shelter and find out what specialty foods the shelter needs for the cats with health problems. Check the boxes each week and deliver the donations to the shelter.
Pet fostering is a way to help kittens become more accustomed to people so the cats can be adopted out. You'll take one or more kittens home for several weeks. Besides providing food and water, and the litter box cleaning schedule, you'll make time to play with each cat to get to know their personalities. You'll then be able to report back to the shelter a little about each cat so they can match them with the right family when it's time to put the cat up for adoption. Shelters that have a fostering program will provide you with the training you

########
Rank: 27
Score: 28.92732
Retrieved Text: Have you always wanted to talk to your cat?
What if your cat always wanted to talk to you too?
Your cat is special and unique, but chances are you don’t always know if you are giving her what she needs. Let your cat tell you directly.
Moggie understands and improves cats’ health and wellbeing through better communication with cat parents.
Communicate and understand your cat’s wellbeing at any moment.
Get your cat’s feedback and make the best decisions to improve your cat’s wellbeing.
Tailored guidance & instructions to take better care of your cat.
Think of our lightweight smart collar as a “Fairy Godmother” watching over your cat at all times.
Get messages from your cat through our app, telling you how she feels, if she needs anything, and thanks to our Veterinary intelligence, you will be alerted if there are any potential health risks or she could be getting sick. Rest assured your cat is healthy, happy and improve your relationship even more.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 28.795502
Retrieved Text: Welcome to the Meowingtons Podcast, the podcast for cats - and their people! Join the Meowingtons team each week as they interview special guests from the cat community, answer listener questions, and talk about all things cat. Tune in every week for a new cat-filled episode!
Listen on iTunes or Podbean!
Holy meow 2 "seasons"; I cannot believe that Cort and I can talk for this long! This is one of our longer eps and it is packed with weird cat lore.
Of course, we're all familiar with how we've treated witches and cats in the past but what about the rest of the world? How did cats end up on the Vietnamese calendar and not the Chinese? Why did Japanese sailors fear and respect cats? All this and more (like almost 10 mins more) of fun cat stories in our Season 2 Closer!
In our first-ever episode, we speak with the owner of Apollo Peak (you know, the cat wine people) about how cats’ livers need to get it together and a bunch of other stuff, including your questions!
In our second episode, Greg Wade, the owner of Blunderpuss, joins us to talk about things we can’t remember, why cats yowl, and how to open a champagne bottle. Happy 4-year anniversary, Meowingtons!
In our third episode, Chris Green, the owner and host of The Groomer Next Door, joins us to feed cats in crystal glasses, eat bugs, and bask in his daughter's ambition (which is significantly greater than ours). It's a meowing good time this week on the Meowingtons Podcast!
So we're

########
Rank: 29
Score: 28.7268
Retrieved Text: We've been getting a few emails asking what we got each other for Christmas this year and asking for gift ideas. I could gush over the charm bracelet Dan got me for Hanukkah or talk about how we are going small this year since we are saving up for a BIG SURPRISE... but instead I'll share one of our favorite gifts so far this holiday season : Cat Tank from ThinkGeek.
The living room just got a lot safer.
Now if you can't see the awesomeness of this strategic advancement in militarized apartment living - well you have probably missed our brave and trusted General Bonkers latest predictions concerning the War on String.
May I also suggest you check out the best LOLcat of all time.
Also, I posted an award for you over on my blog if you want to check it out!
LOL - Love it. My cat would love it too!

================



======= Instance Index 13 =========
Input Text: A cat is wandering outside, where is likely to be found?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- floor
- residential area
- bed
- comfortable position
- family room

Target Text: residential area

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 25.911428
Retrieved Text: chins are also quirky little things, they were always so much fun.
Ours is the runt of her litter, but definitely thinks and acts like she's a BIG cat..
I love exotic pets, if only I could manage it I'd live like Lord Byron who had a pet bear and a bunch of peacocks wandering around his gothic ruin.
Sascha is an F3 also..
two kaninchen-sausagedogs, the smallest dashhoundbreed, they are not really that unusual, and a big red cat and of course Mathilde, our very big cross spider, living in our garden.
I had a baby Screech Owl for a few weeks, then we released her back into the wild.
A full blooded wolf for 3 years.
"I may be a Construct, But I Feel, Love, and Want. Does That Not Make Me A Living Being?"
And Free the Spirit From Its Chain"
I have a few months old kenyen sand boa that doesn't have a name yet.Oddly enough he(not knowing the gender yet) seems to like climing as much as he likes being underground.I had a 2.5 gallen tank that had a orang mushroom corol in it that thrived where it was placed untill we needed to replace something that couldn't be found anywhere.
Years back I had a red eard turtle hachling that I found in the pool's filter in my old house which the hawk I saw outside that I tryed to get a better look at probably droped in the pool for a few years untill ether it was let go purposefully which I remember happening or it Just escaped when

########
Rank: 1
Score: 25.31704
Retrieved Text: Home > Community > Your Pets > Lost your pet?
If your pet is lost or missing please check the images below to see the current animals at our pound.
Pets are wonderful animals that enhance our lives tremendously. Saving a companion animal’s life and making him/her a valued member of your family is satisfying and rewarding. Dogs and cats can be re-homed if they are not claimed from the pound within 8 days. All dogs and cats must pass a vet check and be de-sexed, microchipped and vaccinated before they can go to a new home. An adoption fee will apply depending on the gender and weight of the animal. Cats and dogs adopted from Council’s pound are registered for free for the first year.
Female grey and white cat with a pink collar. Found wandering in Chaplian St Swan Hill.
Male black and tan cat with no tail. Caught in cat trap around McCallum St Swan Hill.
Male grey and white cat. Found wandering in Nyah West.
Ginger and white kitten. Picked up in Swan Hill. No chip or collar.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 24.857334
Retrieved Text: Description: There are several species of Sac Spiders in the U.S., and for whatever reason they appear to be more inclined to bite people with less provocation. The bite from a Sac Spider is said to produce “instant, intense stinging pain”, followed by swelling, redness, and then itching at the site of the bite. There likely will also be a necrotic lesion formed due to the injection of the cytotoxin venom of these spiders, and it has been suggested that many times, when Violin Spiders have been accused of biting people in areas outside their range, it could be the sac spiders instead that are the true cause.
Habits: The spiders are very common in and around homes, and as hunters are likely to be found wandering throughout the house, where they could end up in clothing or beds. They are common in vineyards and are then easily transported within the bunches of grapes to other areas.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 24.779078
Retrieved Text: >How long before we need to go back for the chicken?
>Let's not say anything condescending.
>"It does. ...Wanna talk about it?"
> You almost say something rude, but stop yourself. It's easier to just ask what you can do to help.
> You're not sure how long you can leave the chicken by herself, but she should at least be safe at your place.
> "I don't know. It's not like anything bad happened," Reimu says, still not lifting her head. "but it feels like something's missing. No matter how hard I think about it, I can't dig any deeper than that. It feels off."
Now we should either suggest meditating or hypnosis. She needs something that can get at the problem.
> "Something very important," Reimu confirms with a nod.
>Do we know if Satori can find forgotten memories?
>And, would she even want to?
> You're not close enough with Satori to know something like that, or if she would want to. If it were you, would you want to?
> You feel something rubbing against your ankle. Reimu looks under the table and coos. "Hi, kitty."
>Let's have a look at this kitty!
>Do we recall Reimu keeping pets at all?
>Do we feel like we've forgotten anything lately?
> You look down at the cat. It's a shorthair that you don't recall Reimu having, and it's a perfect shade of red that no cat would have. Huh.
> "I've already fed you, dummy," Reimu coos at the cat, unfazed.
>"Now where did you come from?"
>Is the cat the same color as our hen?
> The cat yowls at you.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 24.671144
Retrieved Text: When your precious feline goes missing, nothing can describe the heartache you feel and the questions that run through your mind. Where they could be and what is causing them not to come home, push past the panic and focus on carrying out these helpful steps to increase the chances of reuniting with your missing moggy.
While your cat may have a routine that they stick to on a daily basis, there will be times when you think they are due to arrive home but end up a few hours, days or even a week late. On the evening you notice your cat is missing, check all their favourite hiding spots or any new ones in both the home and garden they could have got themselves into.
Follow this up with a walk around the neighbourhood calling their name and armed with a handful or bag of their favourite treats, the noise of your voice or the rattling treats is a good way to attract their attention. If there is still no sign in or around your home, place an object of theirs outside to attract them back and keep an ear out or leave access for them to get back in the house.
If they still haven’t arrived home by the morning or you can’t see that they might have returned over night only to take off again in the morning, move on to asking around the neighbourhood.
Cats can be sly and often nip past us before we’ve ever noticed their presence, this leads to them getting shut

########
Rank: 5
Score: 24.605724
Retrieved Text: Salsa was wandering the lane outside the shelter, whining, and gravitated towards shelter cat Tacomama's unit, because Tacomama was responding to her calls. We found Salsa sitting right under Tacomama's unit.
We held an online vote with our supporters to decide whether to look for Salsa's owners, or to let her be adopted by Tacomama. The outcome of the vote was that Salsa was allowed to stay.
However, she didn't get along well with her step brother Churros, Tacomama's full-grown son, and eventually she moved in with Tomato and Potato who were about her age.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 24.260849
Retrieved Text: This little male ginger tabby is about a year old. Ginger Boy had been wandering in his rescuer's area for a few months. He was taken into the Winnipeg Humane Society where he was neutered, vaccinated and tattooed.
Ginger Boy has a cute floppy ear which adds to his already friendly personality.
While Ginger Boy was quite frightened when outside, he has quickly warmed up to be a cat who craves attention, and just loves to be petting and cuddled. He is a real sweetheart who so deserves his forever home. Won't you open your heart and home to this lovely boy?
Please contact Shirley (she currently has Ginger Boy) for more information.
Angel's Haven © 2009-2017. All rights reserved.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 24.250286
Retrieved Text: This article is a follow-up to the Croydon cat killings which have occurred for more than three years in Southeast London. Michael (PoC) has covered the killings extensively and those articles can be found here.
Since September 2018 two cats have died after being stabbed and another five were attacked in Brighton. Not only is the person responsible a danger to cats who have to fend for themselves outside, but people are at risk as well.
All of the new incidents were reported close to Ditchling Rise in central Brighton and are believed unrelated to the Croydon cats. Seven more cats injured or killed by stabbings and not caused by foxes, as was the case with the Croydon cats.
PC Andy Chapman says the incidents are being taken seriously and the local action team at North Laine has been informed of the distress caused to both owners of pets as well as to the pets themselves.
Tony Jenkins with South Norwood Animal Rescue Liberty has been investigating suspicious cat deaths across the southeast. Jenkins believes the Brighton attacks are unrelated since the cats had been stabbed, which would mean a human is behind it.
The Croydon cats were missing heads and tails and foxes had been viewed on video depositing cat remains in public places. Foxes are notorious for eating the organ meat (as many scavenging animals do) and leaving the head and tail behind.
“Without a shadow of doubt, there is a pattern of behaviour around the killings. Police have resource issues with funding cuts and couldn’t afford to investigate further

########
Rank: 8
Score: 24.201977
Retrieved Text: If an individual have for you to find the cat within actual instant. You might also find out your cat’s favourite regions to travel plus even receive a feline health and exercise analysis. Although a pet cat could have willingly ventured directly into the amazing outdoors, their experience may perhaps be scarier when compared with they envisioned. If an individual has got an even more compact cat, then the particular Whistle 3 would be a great selection, becoming that it’s very lightweight.
You may make use of the tracker to get your own personal cat and even monitor where they’re planning via your current phone or PC. GPS trackers permit you to be able to make sure you are in a position to be mindful of your cats while they can be wandering close to. More in comparison with simply an animal tracker typically the Find Our Pet Basic GPS Doggie Tracker could also end up being utilised for you to track distinct animals, vehicles, in improvement to your sons or daughters.
For anyone who is travelling in another country you might have the ability to track and locate the cat, plus know any time they’re carefully at real estate. Little together with lightweight so that it’s certainly not overly large for the kitty. Furthermore, during winter, cats have a tendency to slither in the motor portion of cars to stay warm, putting them at danger as soon as the car starts. Then, once you’re searching for the cat, beep the transceiver, and so long as your lost

########
Rank: 9
Score: 24.1365
Retrieved Text: Please visit Catnips – Mobile Cat Grooming on Google Maps below to leave your Mobile cat grooming reviews.
If you have found yourself on this page, are a cat guardian and live in London, then it’s more than likely that you will either be seeking a professional cat groomer to visit your home to groom your cat or you have had your cat groomed and are being asked to leave a mobile cat grooming review.
Your mobile cat groomer, Anita Kelsey, is experienced, fully trained, an accredited cat behaviourist who is able able to visit your home anywhere in London and outside.
Present clients and cats are extremely happy with Catnips London cat grooming service and you and your cat will be too!

########
Rank: 10
Score: 24.049644
Retrieved Text: I'm a cat so I naturally get sad when a cat gets hurt or is sick. I'm also an INDOOR cat so it pains me that so many kitty tragedies can be prevented by keeping your cats in the house. At least once a week, one of my Twitter anipals is injured—hit by a car, hurt by a larger animal (like it or not, we're near the bottom of the food chain, right above the rabbit), or hurt or poisoned by some screwball human piece of trash.
Then, there's the illnesses and infections your cat can contract. The truth is: a house cat's life span is so much longer than one who goes outside. If you're a cat in a warm, safe home, with loving peeps and all the food you could eat, why would you want to go out?
When TW and Pop took Nicky (photo) off the street, they used to let him go out in the backyard. Then he started to gain weight and they discovered he was eating at every house where they left food out for strays. There wasn't a "Happy Hour" that he didn't partake in. Soon, he couldn't out-run other cats and every time my peeps heard cats fighting, Nicky would come in bruised and banged up. Finally, he came limping in with an abscessed foot and had to be rushed to the V-E-T. That was the last time he left the house without a carrying case. My peeps found out the hard way.
Then there's the story of the neighbors that

########
Rank: 11
Score: 23.887466
Retrieved Text: If people have for you to find your own cat throughout actual minute. Also you can find out your cat’s favourite places to go plus even receive a feline physical exercise analysis. Even though a pet cat could have voluntarily ventured in to the awesome outdoors, their own experience may be scarier in comparison with they awaited. If you’ve got an even more compact people, then the particular Whistle 3 will be an excellent selection, being that it’s very lightweight.
You may possibly operate the system to uncover your cat and monitor just where they’re planning via your phone or maybe PC. GPS UNIT trackers make it possible for you in order to be sure you are capable to watch your cats while these are wandering all-around. More when compared with just an animal tracker the particular Find My Pet Vintage GPS Doggy Tracker may well also end up being utilised in order to track distinct animals, cars and trucks, in addition to your sons or daughters.
In case you are travelling abroad you might have to be able to track plus locate your own cat, in addition to know any time they’re properly at real estate. Little and lightweight so that it’s not really overly heavy for your personal pet cat. Furthermore, throughout winter, cats have a tendency to slither in the motor portion of cars to stay warm, putting them at danger as soon as the car starts. Then, once you’re searching for the cat, beep the transceiver, and provided that your lost pet was in

########
Rank: 12
Score: 23.691814
Retrieved Text: Wandering through the 650+ exhibit hall booths at the NAVC Conference 2016 as well as the 500+ booths at the Western Veterinary Conference 2016… we were struck by the many exciting innovations presented in the field of animal care, from breakthrough diagnostic tests to the latest in wearable “smart” technology. We were proud to display our new and ever-popular veterinary equipment among them, showing how we can save you time, steps and even your back.
This is the year of advanced cat care and feline-friendly practices. Here’s how our TriStar Vet team supports your exceptional cat care efforts.
If you’re taking a look at your practice from a fresh “feline-friendly practice” perspective, consider the many ways your team can provide the best experience for cat owners and their pets.
Separate the entrance and waiting area so there’s a cat-only section. It’s a no-brainer if you have a separate outside entrance door. But if you don’t, a simple fix is to set up a colorful room divider panel that steers cat owners to a discrete lobby waiting area instead of just a general open area where cats are faced with curious dogs approaching their carriers.
Designate certain exam rooms as “cat-only” spaces to reduce stress on cats. When you have high-quality stainless steel exam tables and cabinets in your practice, it’s a breeze to transition certain rooms into cat-only exam areas. That’s because heavy-duty, welded stainless steel veterinary tables never trap fur or dander. They wipe completely clean in a snap… so cats won’t detect the fact that dogs once used

########
Rank: 13
Score: 23.665241
Retrieved Text: Two brothers wandering along the dock at Long Island’s Corey Beach, NY, came upon a heartbreaking and grisly scene.
They spotted something floating in the water and fished it out, only to discover a poor, discarded dead tabby cat in a metal cage. The door to the cage was locked shut.
Assuming this innocent cat was still alive when tossed into the ocean, they would have been terrified and died a truly traumatic and painful death by drowning.
Furthermore, whoever tortured and murdered this cat is likely capable of further abuse to animals and needs to be stopped.
Sign this petition urging the Suffolk County Police Department to use all of their resources to find who is responsible for this unspeakable act of cruelty, and prosecute them to the full extent of the law.
The Suffolk County SPCA is investigating the incident and asks anyone with information to contact them at 631 382-7722.
All living beings deserve respect. This poor cat should have Justice.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 23.657742
Retrieved Text: Identification nametags on your cats Cat Collar Tag(s), Custom Pet Tag(s), Cat Pet Tag(s) are essential for return of any wandering feline. Some jurisdictions insist that all cats have a Nametag.
Nametags for cats come in a variety of shapes, sizes and materials and can easily be attached to your cat’s Cat Safety Collars, Designer Cat Collars and Cool Cat Collars.
The best made Cat Safety Collars, Designer Cat Collars and Cool Cat Collars are fabricated from sturdy plastic or metal. Make certain that the Cat Safety Collars, Designer Cat Collars and Cool Cat Collars has your cat’s name and your telephone number or email address clearly readable.
The Nametag should be durable and very easy to clean especially if your cat likes to wander outside. And the Cat Collar Tag(s), Custom Pet Tag(s), Cat Pet Tag(s) should be permanent and safe.
Check to see if your jurisdiction has an identification tag system that offers registration and a telephone number, perhaps toll free, to report a missing feline.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 23.611927
Retrieved Text: If you have in order to find your current cat within actual minute. You may also know your cat’s favourite places to look plus even obtain a feline physical exercise analysis. Though a cat could have voluntarily ventured in to the awesome outdoors, their particular experience may perhaps be scarier compared to they anticipated. If you have got an even more compact cat, then typically the Whistle 3 might be a fantastic selection, staying that it is rather lightweight.
You may well utilize system to get your own personal cat and monitor in which they’re planning via your own phone or PC. GPS UNIT trackers allow you for you to make sure you are in a position to watch your cats while they may be wandering all around. More compared to simply a pet tracker the Find The Pet Traditional GPS Canine Tracker may well also come to be utilised for you to track several animals, automobiles, in add-on to your sons or daughters.
In case you are travelling in another country you may well have to be able to track together with locate your own cat, together with know if they’re properly at real estate. Little and even lightweight so that it’s certainly not overly full to your kitten. Furthermore, throughout winter, cats have a tendency to slither in the motor portion of cars to stay warm, putting them at danger as soon as the car starts. Then, once you’re searching for the cat, beep the transceiver, and given that your lost pet is at earshot, they

########
Rank: 16
Score: 23.4309
Retrieved Text: Let me see, now, where was I?
Ah, yes, the wandering mind.
Mind-wandering has gotten bad press. The wandering mind is said to be an unhappy mind, perhaps even setting us on a path to early death. This view is encouraged by the popularity of mindfulness, and other meditative techniques, designed to focus our thoughts so intently that the mind is tethered into near immobility.
Mind-wandering often seems to afflict us when we’re supposed to be concentrating on something, such as a lecture, a board meeting, or driving. It also gets in the way when we’re simply trying to read a book. Jonathan Schooler and colleagues at the University of California at Santa Barbara had students read the opening chapters of Tolstoy’s War and Peace for 45 minutes and asked them to press a key whenever they caught themselves “zoning out.” They caught themselves an average of 5.4 times. The students were also interrupted six times at random intervals to see if they were zoning out at the time without having been aware of it, and this caught, on average, a further 1.2 times. So it’s not just you, you might be relieved to know — we all seem to have trouble staying focused, especially on the books we’re actually supposed to be reading. Or the lecturer we’re supposed to be listening to.
Rather than allow our minds to roam around the mental landscapes of past and present, or gardens of joy or anguish, we are urged to remain within our own skins, moving a spotlight of attention from one

########
Rank: 17
Score: 23.3358
Retrieved Text: Thoughts ramble through my mind...wandering...wandering...wandering. What inspires me?
What may inspire others? What inspiration have we received over the past year? What inspires us with joyful tears?
This past year a cat scooted out the door to his guardian's panic. The cat was not to be found. Most people call me sooner than later. His "Mom" called me later. Which makes what I do more complicated in finding animals. My success rate is high but was it enough to bring him home? The cat is blind. How would he survive? Knowing how urgent this would be so that this cat could return home was imperative. How would he find shelter, food, and water?
Time passed...yet his "Mom" kept saying that she knew in her heart that he was still alive. Her inner knowing gave me inspiration to continue communicating with him and sending prayers his way. Asking for help from Lilith (sometimes known as Mother Nature).
Love survives, for the cat found a home with ferral cats. The ferral cats took care of him. A woman noticed him, fed him, and took him home. The woman found him 14 blocks from his New York home. The cat had left home on Oct. 2010 and exactly one year later was returned home on the exact same day 2011. The cat's guardian had faith, an inner knowing, that he was still alive and out there. His return was joyful tears.
Inspiration with a touch of miracle!
My faith has been in my heart with the knowing that the choosing to be a disciple and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 23.244637
Retrieved Text: 200 Cows killed by bad potatoes.
Cat gets her degree online and can now be a shrink.
A lizzard the size of an alligator has been found wandering the streets in California.
It's hard to get a breed recognized by the American Kennel Club, but 3 breeds have recently succeeded in this task! The new breeds recognized are the Entlebucher Mountain Dog, the Norwegian Lundehund, and the Xoloitzcuintli (Mexican Hairless). You can read more about this story in The Globe and Mail.
A man in Wisconsin found a cat in a tree and couldn't get him down. The cat has lived there for 7 months and gets fed salami and meatloaf every day.
Gibson the dog is finally home after being trapped on the ice for 5 days.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 23.213135
Retrieved Text: The latest in the highly successful series of MAGICAL WORKSHOPS at Airy Fairy in Sheffield will feature CAT VINCENT, ANWEN and me.
CAT will be doing a talk on ‘The Urban Cunning‘ and leading a small public ritual. Cat is a great teacher and always delivers a session full of, insight, intrigue, illumination and investigation into his chosen topic. You can read more on his accolades in his biog post on the event page.
I shall be talking (with pictures!) about ‘Half-Formed Spirits and Aimless Wandering‘, how found magical objects amplify the power of previously unrelated places.
All are welcome, book soon, the last workshop sold out fast!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 23.157001
Retrieved Text: I would like the cat adoption group Feline Friends to please give Chicago artist Rae Bees her cat back.
The cat’s name is Reggie, and he’s stuck in a bizarre custody battle between Bees and Feline Friends. It’s all very dumb and weird and, at a time when we have plenty of other dumb and weird things to concern ourselves with, I would like it to stop. In fact, I’m confident most people would like it to stop.
So stop it. Please give Reggie back.
Five years ago, Bees adopted Reggie from Feline Friends, a nonprofit cat rescue organization in Chicago. The cat lives with Bees, a painter, in a Logan Square artist and musician collective. It sounds groovy and slightly aloof, which is pretty on-brand for a cat.
In 2014, Bees helped raise money for Feline Friends at a party that included cat-themed artwork. Clearly, this woman is pro-cat.
The goal was to find him, of course. But she would soon learn that humor is lost on some.
Reggie was found and taken to a vet. The vet scanned the cat’s microchip, found it was registered to Feline Friends and turned the cat over to the adoption group. Someone at Feline Friends took a look at Bees’ social media sites and got mad because they found this wasn’t the first time Reggie had flown the coop and they saw a photo of Bees and some friends outdoors with Reggie.
Citing an adoption contract that says adopted cats must be kept indoors, Feline Friends refused to return the cat to Bees. And that’s

########
Rank: 21
Score: 23.093376
Retrieved Text: Moet, a white Persian cat, started out in a pet shop in a small country in the Middle East called Oman.
She lived in a dirty cage filled with several other cats. Her only chance at great life seemed to depend on whether or not she would be purchased someday.
However, Moet’s health quickly took a turn at the pet shop.
Moet caught a serious case of the cat flu from one of the other cats in the shop. That left customers not wanting to take home a sick cat and walking past Moet everyday. Soon, all of her cagemates had found new homes outside the pet shop, leaving Moet all alone.
Without being given food or water regularly, in addition to a likely lack of medical care, Moet only became more ill. Eventually, she became blind.
That’s when according to the Dodo, she was rescued by a woman who often did sweeps of pet shops in Oman, pulling out animals who were the most at-risk. Emily Shotter is a member of Omani Paws, a rescue community in Oman, told The Dodo.
Once rescued, Moet was taken to the Al Qurum Veterinary Clinic, where the then 1-year-old cat underwent surgery to remove her eyes. The clinic informed Shotter that as a result of her illness, they had become a source of infection and needed to be removed….

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.03256
Retrieved Text: One day you go for a walk in your neighborhood and suddenly you see a furry cat’s face protruding behind a bush. Or a cat/cat you’ve never seen before races across the yard and disappears under a parked car. You want to help, but what can you do with a stray cat?
The first rule to help stray and homeless cats is: hands off! Do not follow the cat immediately. It is unlikely that you will catch it, but it is likely that you will frighten it. Even if you manage to get close enough, you risk showering injuries if you try to grab her. A frightened cat can do a lot of damage very quickly.
The second rule to help effectively: Play detective. Is this a domestic cat that has recently been lost? A stray cat that has been on its own for some time but is interested in people as soon as it meets them? A wild cat that is naturally suspicious of people and prefers to live outside a traditional house?
To find out, ask neighbours and other people in the area if they know anything about the cat. Has it just arrived or has it been seen for a long time? Is someone feeding her, giving her shelter or even letting her into his house? Does the cat or cat have a collar and pendant? Has anyone put “cat missing” signs or notes in the neighborhood?
If it turns out that the kitten has been lost, then of course you want to contact the owner and

########
Rank: 23
Score: 23.030664
Retrieved Text: Cats belong to the family of predators and predators are known to be very curious creatures. We often hear the idiom “Curiosity killed the Cat”. Well, it is literally true to some extent. Cats are really curious animals and this forces them to take a stroll outside their limited indoor premises. Some cats are very adventurous and always looking for a way outside and try to run outside on the slightest chance available. Normally, a cat would return to its home after sometime when it gets bored or hungry. But if the cat doesn’t come back within 24 hours then you should better start looking for it. Today, we are going to highlight some of the major reasons Why would a Cat Leave You.
If you recently brought home two male cats, it is most likely they are going to fall out if not introduced properly. Many occasions have been reported where the dominant male cat has chased away the other male from its territory and the male chased away didn’t return. So, before you bring another cat home to befriend your old cat, make sure you introduce them properly and slowly over time.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 22.808283
Retrieved Text: You may have noticed some behavior changes in your senior cat. Some of these changes can be symptoms of pain (here’s my article on how to tell if your cat is in pain), but we need to consider dementia in addition. Yes, cats, like people, can become senile as they age – happens to many species!
The term “dementia” often brings to mind Alzheimer’s disease in people, and rightly so. Cats can develop memory loss and personality changes similar to Alzheimers. Research is ongoing in this field (the medical term is “cognitive dysfunction”), as there is still a lot for us to learn about the causes and potential treatments.
The most important thing to know is that the diagnosis of feline dementia requires the owner’s observations! There is not a blood test, x-ray, or brain-scanning MRI that diagnoses this syndrome. We reach the conclusion based on symptoms, and ruling out other diseases as a cause. The complicated part – cats can have cognitive dysfunction in addition to other diseases, so the diagnosis can be tricky.
Symptoms can be subtle, so it’s important to observe your senior cat carefully. The biggest sign is disorientation, or seeming lost. The cat may walk into a room, then leave promptly to go somewhere else. He may lay in odd places (can also be a sign of pain). Related to this is wandering or pacing. Some animals even have a route they trace throughout the house over and over and over.
Vocalization can be a symptom as well. The more common reason for increased “talking”

########
Rank: 25
Score: 22.770176
Retrieved Text: Mind wandering is a common experience but its prevalence and consequences during routine activities such as driving are unclear. This thesis comprises five studies investigating how often drivers’ minds wander, and the relationship between mind wandering and crash risk.
The first study was a questionnaire completed by 502 drivers, to explore their experiences of mind wandering including its variation in different driving contexts. All drivers reported mind wandering at least some of the time. Tendency to report mind wandering during driving was positively correlated with trait tendency towards cognitive failure, and negatively correlated with tendency towards mindful attention and awareness. Drivers reported most mind wandering driving their own car on familiar roads.
The second study built on the finding that drivers are most likely to report mind wandering on a familiar trip in their own car through an on-road study of drivers’ thoughts. Eleven drivers traveling in their own cars between home and work were periodically asked what they were thinking about, across 110 trips in total, to establish how often drivers report mind wandering on real streets. Drivers reported mind wandering around two thirds of the time, demonstrating that it is a frequent experience on familiar urban roads. Drivers’ thoughts shifted frequently, triggered by what they saw in the environment and by internal concerns unrelated to driving.
The first two studies found relatively high likelihood of mind wandering on familiar roads, so the third study investigated links between mind wandering and crash risk by exploring variation in crash patterns on roads close to home and further away. Analysis

########
Rank: 26
Score: 22.658594
Retrieved Text: I live in the North West of England and am convinced one of these moths was brought in to my house by my cat. At first thought it was a crinkly leaf. My cat was meowing in the manner she does when she has brought me in a 'present'. When I looked more closely at the leaf it moved! Then I noticed it had a moth centre and that the leaves were in fact wings.
Long story short, I picked it up quickly and let it out of the cat flap before the cat could do it more damage/eat it.
The next morning I noticed it had attached itself to my outside wall. It was very low down on the wall so I moved it to a plant pot for safety. A few hours later and I noticed something had detached itself from the moth, like a dark shell.
Today the moth had gone but the shell was still there. It felt virtually weightless. I put a little earth over it as I had read somewhere that the larvae (if that is indeed what it is) are usually buried under soil by the moth.
I have taken couple of photos on my mobile, which I have not checked yet. There was a lot of shade over the moth when I took them, so i'm not sure how much they actually show.
Could it be possible that this moth could have found its way to England?
There were no pictures attached to your request so I can only make a guess as to

########
Rank: 27
Score: 22.535387
Retrieved Text: If people have to be able to find your cat throughout actual time. Also you can find out your cat’s favourite places to visit and even receive a feline health and exercise analysis. Nevertheless a pet cat could have willingly ventured into the remarkable outdoors, their own experience might be scarier when compared with they expected. If might got a much more compact cat, then the Whistle 3 is a great selection, becoming that it’s lightweight.
You could use the tracker to seek out your cat together with monitor where they’re planning via your own personal phone as well as PC. GPS trackers enable you to make sure you are capable to keep close track of your cats while they are really wandering around. More as compared to just a family pet tracker typically the Find My Pet Typical GPS Doggy Tracker may well also turn out to be utilised for you to track several animals, automobiles, in addition to your sons or daughters.
Should you be travelling abroad you might have the opportunity to track in addition to locate your cat, and even know any time they’re safely at own home. Little together with lightweight in order that it’s not necessarily overly in thickness to your cat. Furthermore, in the course of winter, cats have a tendency to slither in the motor portion of cars to stay warm, putting them at danger as soon as the car starts. Then, once you’re searching for the cat, beep the transceiver, and so long as your lost pet is due

########
Rank: 28
Score: 22.434353
Retrieved Text: Pet Description: Daffy's coat has many tints in it but the one that stands out is deep orange. The colors makes her coat very pretty. Daffy is a quiet cat who will know when you come into her room. She enjoys being petted and most likely will jump into your lap. Like most cats she is curious and likes to explore what she sees outside. She occasionally will give you a love nip. Daffy was found as a stray. She gets along with the other cats in the room. Her wish is to have her own home where she can explore and give lots of love to her person or family.
Is Daffy Your Furry Valentine?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 22.40871
Retrieved Text: A RAT has found its way into my husbands aviary....dug up through the soil floor. We have just discovered the rat has got into the aviary and it has killed and partly eaten three canaries, a finch and a quail last night alone !!!
I am so sorry Kaz - I hope you catch the bugger!!!!!
Setting traps inside the aviary, cutting back some shrubs outside the aviary so it cannot access the roof as easily and allowing the dogs into the area. The dogs are "ratters" so here's hoping.
Here I am complaining about Mice and you have a RAT.
I worked all day on the aviary today, concreted all holes i could see and found 4 dead this morning, so Wayno is on his way back. Looked out to the aviary this evening with a light on and still can see some but i have bait and traps everywhere.
I hope i win eventually.
We had never seen a rat or a mouse here, inside or outside. I accidentally left the laundry door ajar one warm night over summer. I was awaken at 3am by an almightly screeching acompanied by the cat growling at high speed through the house. Thinking there was another cat in the house or something I was out of bed in a flash and into the kitchen only to find a juvenile rat hanging from the top of my back wire door, looking very regretful for wandering in through that open door. Not knowing quite what to do I managed to get the wire door open

================



======= Instance Index 14 =========
Input Text: A cat wants to sleep, how will it lay?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- comfortable position
- floor
- residential area
- family room
- upside down

Target Text: comfortable position

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 30.504988
Retrieved Text: Maxie sleeps with me a lot, I lay on my left side and he cuddles next to my chest. Now Simon has decided he wants to sleep there, too. Scooter sleeps on my other pillow. Sometimes it is hard to turn over!
Oh Conniecat! got room for Pixie and a bat in bed?
When my dh is snoring, I go in the kitten's bedroom and sleep with her. Let's just say that I try to sleep. She is so happy that I'm in there, she just rubs all over me and purrs in my face. When I do sleep, I wake up and she is sleeping at my feet, though sometimes at my chest.
My other cat is so aloof, she just sleeps on the couch in the family room.
Cats are so neat - though I miss my dog with all my heart.
Uh, sorry dusky, full up!
We had the best cat, Dino. When we would go to bed, he would appear for some last loves and anything else he could get. I would tell him that was enough and he would go and lay down at the end of my bed by me feet. I miss him so much.
At the same time, we had another cat, Frankie who was very aloof at times, but when it started getting cold at night he liked to sleep under the covers cuddled by my legs. He would also sit on the bed and stare at you in the morning until you got up. I miss him dearly also.
Oh yes Cjbee. the morning

########
Rank: 1
Score: 28.179169
Retrieved Text: Last week a friend of mine brought me a little black tom cat kitten who is about 6 weeks old. Hes fully weaned but at night if we bring him into the bedroom my husband and I dont get any sleep cause Ebony wants to either pounce our heads,hands and feet or he will lay right up on the bed by our heads and suckle on the blanket. We will put him down on the floor and he will climb right back up on the bed. Hes cute and I understand that he was orphaned last week when his mom got hit and killed by a car. I know he needs lots of extra love but I will be starting back to college soon and my earliest class is at 8 am so I have to have some sleep. How can we fix this? I want to add that he is eating, drinking, and using the litter box just fine and everything I have read says not to let him around the three older cats till we have gotten him all his shots.
Kyubey is three and he still suckles blankets and bathrobes. We just wash our blankets frequently so they don't smell like cat spit. Luckily, he doesn't keep us up with it...maybe some bitter apple spritzed on the blanket will discourage him? Good luck with the little guy!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 26.692007
Retrieved Text: 27/08/2010 · They pissed all over it like a week ago, and I have yet to successfully remove the pee-smell/stain. Please advise. Edit: I posted this further down, but since people keep posting their suggestions and aren't reading that far into the thread first, I'll let you know I'm soaking it with a bunch of Nature's Miracle enzymatic urine-destroyer.... 27/08/2010 · They pissed all over it like a week ago, and I have yet to successfully remove the pee-smell/stain. Please advise. Edit: I posted this further down, but since people keep posting their suggestions and aren't reading that far into the thread first, I'll let you know I'm soaking it with a bunch of Nature's Miracle enzymatic urine-destroyer.
Sometimes a cat will urinate because the litter box is inaccessible or too dirty. Other cats spray urine to mark their territory. Cat urine has a pungent smell that can be offensive. This is especially true when they urinate on a mattress that you sleep on.... Cats love to lay on beds, so this is a common area for cats to pee. Follow these steps to get cat urine odor out of your mattress. Step 1 – Using paper towels, blot up the urine as soon as you can.
Cats love to lay on beds, so this is a common area for cats to pee. Follow these steps to get cat urine odor out of your mattress. Step 1 – Using paper towels, blot up the urine as soon as you can. how to cook a turkey in a brown

########
Rank: 3
Score: 26.163473
Retrieved Text: Non stick pans are usually good for one thing: nothing gets stuck on them. Well, tell that to this cat. This video is very straight forward. We’ve got a cat sitting in a pan in the kitchen. You know how cats like to sit pretty much anywhere they want? I’ve seen our cat sitting in the sink, on top of the bookshelf, in an empty water bowl, under the sink. Even when the seat doesn’t look comfortable, that doesn’t deter them! I think what I find most adorable about this video is that these owners aren’t bothered at all that their cat is sitting in their cookware. I guess you can always wash it when he gets up. And he does eventually succeed in getting up but not after some struggling. Either way, get ready to be overwhelmed with cuteness watching the fluffiest cat helplessly stuck in non stick pan!
Part of me is rooting for him to get out. The other part never wants it to end!
In case you’re still wondering how this went down. How does a cat really get stuck in a pan? It’s all because of the way the cat is sitting. You know how cats tend to lounge around? That could mean leaning slightly on their back making it difficult to get up again. That’s what happened here. Needless to say, it’s not like this cat is literally stuck to the metal of the pan. He’s positioned in such a way that his legs are dangling in the air and he’s too

########
Rank: 4
Score: 26.161436
Retrieved Text: Next on The Scoop: Cat Dandruff: Is It Something to Worry About?
Last week I showed you how cats land on their feet after a fall and asked whether you had any strange cat science questions. One brave soul, Wajiha, spoke up and said, “I want to know how cats can figure out it’s 6 a.m. and know it’s time to wake you up. Are they smarter than we think? Can they read clocks?” So, if you’ve ever thought, “Hmm, my cat wakes me up at the same time every single day,” you’re not alone.
Wajiha may have been asking the question about cats reading clocks sarcastically, but there are real, rational reasons why your cat is such a reliable alarm clock — here are five reasons your cat wakes you up at the same time, every single day.
Thinking, “My cat wakes me up at the same time every day”? We’ve got answers. Photography by Gelpi / Shutterstock.
One of the most unsurprising answers to, “My cat wakes me up at the same time every day — why?” After sharing a home with you for even a few days, your feline friend will get to know your schedule at least as well as you do. If you wake up at a certain time to get ready for work, your cat will figure that out — not because she can read a clock, but because she can read you.
It takes a while for a cat to grasp the concept of weekends, so get accustomed to being rousted out of bed

########
Rank: 5
Score: 26.124657
Retrieved Text: Brain waves during deep sleep, computer illustration. An electroencephalogram (EEG) measures electrical activity in the brain using electrodes attached to the scalp. Various disorders can be diagnosed by analysing EEG results.
Time for nap. Sleep and relax concept. Feel comfortable and relax. Man handsome guy sleep. Sleep is vital to your physical and mental health.
young tired man is in a deep sleep.
Expert tips on sleeping better. Bearded man sleeping face relaxing on pillow. How much sleep you actually need. Man handsome guy lay in bed. Get adequate and consistent amount of sleep every night.
A mother humpback whale supports it's calf near the surface while they sleep.
Brain and brain waves during deep sleep, computer illustration. An electroencephalogram (EEG) measures electrical activity in the brain using electrodes attached to the scalp. Various disorders can be diagnosed by analysing EEG results.
Cat is sleeping in deep sleep on clothes on floor focus on face.
Baby in a deep sleep in the lap of his mother at home. Mother sitting on couch with her baby sleeping in her lap.
Man with relaxed face lies on pillow. Hipster with beard fall asleep. Fast asleep concept. Man with beard and mustache in deep sleep, white background. Hipster drowsy, wants to sleep, copy space.
Young boy leaning on edge of table in thought.
A Northern Fulmar moving towards the long deep sleep.
Baby in a deep sleep in the lap of his mother at home. Mother sitting on couch with her baby sleeping in her lap and touching his head.
Man with relaxed face, lay on pillow, top view. Hipster with

########
Rank: 6
Score: 25.51101
Retrieved Text: Why Does My Cat Sleep on My Feet? Why Do They Only Sleep at the Foot of My Bed?
We all love when our cats get comfortable with us, especially at night when they choose to come to sleep with us on their own accord.
While not all cats like to sleep right beside or on their owners, the majority of cats will feel comfortable enough to sleep by the foot of their owner’s bed or on their owner’s feet. But why is that?
As is with most things cat related, the reasons cats sport specific habits tend to come back to instincts that were developed pre-domestication. That being said, there are a number of reasons why cats find it preferable to sleep by their owners at night and you may be surprised by some of the reasons.
Cats like to stay in packs and tend to be worried about their surroundings. It’s actually one of the most common reasons cats headbutt or rub themselves against you and sometimes even why they “make muffins” or knead you.
Your cat may be sleeping at your legs to be able to quickly access you if there is a danger or threat. Cats, being light sleepers, will wake you up to either protect you or at least warn you dependant on the danger.
You may also notice that some cats will choose to sleep under the blankets for added warmth and protection if they are extra scared.
I DON’T WANT TO GET CRUSHED!
Have you ever slept next to someone and they roll over in their sleep?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 25.10075
Retrieved Text: How to Calm Your Cat at Night So You Can Sleep! - Petpav - Your Online Magazine for All Things Pet!
How to Calm Your Cat at Night So You Can Sleep!
Our cats love to sleep all day long and then are wide awake and ready to play just as you are ready to go to sleep! And it can be difficult to coordinate with their ‘sleeping’ schedule if you are at work and they tend to nap the day away. If you can keep your cats active during the day and tire them out when you are ready to go to bed, you both should sleep well.
When you aren’t home to play with your feline friends, make sure your cat has a toy or something that will be stimulating for him or her. Try finding toys that are interactive or require your cat to play. Leave treats around in hidden spots so that your cat wants to play and move around. Leave a perch by the window so your cat can watch the birds and activity that will keep them awake and stimulated. Cats love tall cat trees in strategic places around the house. Good locations include next to a secure window and around family hangouts. Look for cat trees with wide shelves and a covered box or hiding area.
If you have only one cat at home, how about adopting a second cat which is great for so many reasons. You are saving another cat’s life while enriching the life of your cat at home. If

########
Rank: 8
Score: 24.798107
Retrieved Text: Women of a certain age will leak when coughing and sneezing.
Just when sleep is needed the most a coughing fit will materialize.
Honey, lemon and hot water work just as well as cough medicine, if not better.
A hot flash plus a fever is miserable.
It's very hard to be at home in the middle of a weekday and not do chores.
A sick body will make it very clear that it wants to lay down if chores are attempted.
Did I mention leaking when coughing and sneezing?
Missing 2.5 days of work makes for a pile of work to wade through upon return.
I'm happy to say that I am feeling much better today!
If I can't find my brush, Dancing Daughter has it.
I put way too much creamer in my coffee.
If the cat food dish is empty the dog ate it.
When I'm in a hurry I will hit every red light.
If I'm missing earrings, Dancing Daughter has them.
When Geek Guy says he wants a new (fill in the blank) he will research it for weeks, or possibly months, before purchasing it.
I'm the only one in my household who will eat leftovers.
If I plan to go out of town any weekend in April or May, I will miss some kind of Pearl Jam related show.
Any make up I wear won't be washed off before bed unless I take a shower.
If there is an open container of Pillsbury Chocolate frosting in the refrigerator I will eat spoonfuls of it until it's gone.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 24.745691
Retrieved Text: How Much Should Your Adult Cat Sleep?
Cats have a well-deserved reputation of enjoying their slumber (and plenty of it), but if you share your home with a continuously snoozing cat, you may wonder how much should an adult cat actually sleep. Read on to learn about cat sleeping patterns and how to easily tackle cat sleeping problems.
While younger cats and kittens require close to 20 hours or more a day of sleep, adult cats 3 to 10 years in age average around 13 to 16 hours of sleep a day. Of course this is an average, and just as there are people who need more or less beauty sleep, some felines will snooze less and others more.
To help understand the cat sleep cycle, remember that while we humans sleep long stretches at once, cats coined the term “catnap,” and it’s not without reason. You see, cats don’t really sleep eight-hour sessions like us. Throughout each 24-hour period, they will cycle in and out of naps, rotating through light, then deep sleep, then light again.
Ever see your cat’s whiskers moving and eyelids twitch? This is the light stage of sleep, and you guessed it; she is dreaming. While she is dozing, a cat’s senses remain finely tuned and she can jump out of bed and be alert far quicker than most of us can when an alarm goes off. If your kitty realizes there is no danger, she can fall back asleep just as quickly as she awoke.
You may have heard that cats are nocturnal, but this

########
Rank: 10
Score: 24.24221
Retrieved Text: Cats are loving animals and cat owners know how naughty they can be at times. Any cat owner would agree that cats tend to behave in a strange manner at times, which makes you think why they are behaving like this. One thing is sure, these strange behaviors make them very adorable and loving. Cat owners love clicking images of cats sitting or sleeping cats in places where they are not supposed to be doing that. These images are funny and make you laugh and think what made this kitties behave like this.
The following sets of images are some very funny pictures taken by cat owners when they found them sleeping exactly where they shouldn’t be.
1.Who would expect sleeping cat in such an uncomfortable place.
This cat has decided to keep himself warm by sleeping on a gas burner; probably he is sure no one will switch it on. A very confident cat. But, you wonder how he can doze off on the burner as if he is sleeping on a mattress. The only reason one can think of is he is guarding something interesting inside the red pot behind him.
2.This guy has an entire soft bed at his disposal, but still he has chosen to sleep on the clean pants. Don’t understand this kitty and his love for clean pants. That’s the closest place for sitting after jumping on to the bed. He felt so tired to move on the bed that he decided to sit on the pants itself. There is no difference for him,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 24.062807
Retrieved Text: I have failed to reset my youngest child. For weeks now she’s been getting up well before she should. On numerous occasions this has prevented me from getting in a full workout. Not to mention I feel her behavior was being affected by not getting enough sleep. So a couple nights ago while Chris and Tabi were out, I oredered her to watch TV until 10pm- that’s 2 hours past her bedtime. The next night I kept her up only 45-minutes past her bedtime. Yesterday morning, I literally dragged her out of bed by her foot- no easy task with a loft bed and a strong child, let me tell you. This morning- she was up before 7am! That’s more than an hour early! So not only is her behavior affected, but so is mine because now I’m starting my day kind of pissed off. I guess I’ll have to get her a clock and tell her she can’t come out before 7:30am. By that time I’m usually either in the shower, or just out of it. If she wants to get up before that, I’ll tell her she has to lay in my bed until I get her, but she won’t like that because our cat considers people’s chests the best place to lay her very large and furry body. Oh, and Daisy, not really a cat person.
I guess we’ll hit Target today and look for a clock. I need my morning time, it’s what allows me to be 100% there for the kids for

########
Rank: 12
Score: 23.796755
Retrieved Text: Have you ever put your baby down for a nap, for them only to wake from a cat nap only a few minutes later? Maybe your baby only sleeps 10-20 minutes at a time or won’t stay asleep for more than 30 minutes. This is known as a cat nap and many babies do it. Not only can cat napping be hard on the baby, it is so hard on mom and dad. Considering napping is the only time you get the chance to take a shower, this is a big deal!
Your baby is not in a routine- Maybe your daily routine is currently messed up or you have yet to establish one, but this is a major reason why your baby isn’t sleeping longer than a few minutes. Rather than you try to squeeze your baby into your routine, try squeezing into theirs. Babies are much needier when it comes to needing a consistent schedule. A cat nap may be their way of showing you they need a better more consistent schedule.
Your baby is overly tired- I’ve seen this with my kids so much. It’s like they are tired, but they do not want to sleep and it’s because they are overly tired. For some babies, you have a small window of opportunity to get them to sleep and if you miss that, then they will simply not stay asleep. Try to get your baby asleep as soon as you notice they are tired, this will help them sleep longer!
Your baby needs white noise- Our

########
Rank: 13
Score: 23.79233
Retrieved Text: The reason why cats love to sit in front of their owners is the same reason a child would turn their back to their parent with a knife in their hand, it is called trust. Cats are quite peculiar and observant animals. It takes a while for a cat to trust his owner, especially if he adopted you as an adult cat. You probably became a trusted owner because you fed him, petted him and gave him a warm, soft place to sleep. Now he sits in front of you because he wants more of the nice stuff you have been doing for him. In turn, he provides you cuteness, beauty, purriness, and cat antics for you to enjoy.
You cat is an attention seeker, him/her sitting in front of you staring in your eyes is simply your cat’s way of saying “Look at Me, I am down Here! You can now adore me.” They may want to be petted, brushed, picked up or just admired. They do not like being ignored. Cats are smart enough to figure out that they have to get in front of you to get your attention. If something else has your attention, the best way to get your attention on them instead the object is to block your access to it. So they lay down on your book or your computer.
He needs more attention. Yes, attention, attention, attention. If for some strange reason you are not seeing enough of you cat and your cat not seeing enough of you, your cat

########
Rank: 14
Score: 23.73765
Retrieved Text: What’s Happening to My Hungry, Loud Senior Cat?
My 17-year-old cat got sick last fall and the vet put him on canned food. Now he wants it all the time. I still feed him dry cat food plus canned food at night. My cat will not sleep at night; he continually wants to eat and keeps me up meowing all night long. I also noticed that he urinates on the carpet in the basement. I just don’t know what to do anymore. Our local vet said they didn’t know what was wrong with my senior cat and wants to do exploratory surgery. My cat is too old for that and I don’t want to let them do it. Do you have any suggestions?
It sounds like you have two separate problems. A continually hungry 17-year-old cat who stays up meowing at night may have hyperthyroidism. This glandular disorder occurs when the thyroid gland produces excessive amounts of thyroid hormone; it is only seen in older cats. The most common signs of hyperthyroidism in cats are weight loss and excessive appetite. Other signs that you might see include excessive thirst and urination, vomiting, diarrhea, hyperactivity and increased vocalization. Every cat is different in terms of the signs that they manifest. You didn’t say if your cat is showing any of the other signs I’ve described, but his age and the increased appetite and increased vocalization certainly fits. You should have your veterinarian check your senior cat for hyperthyroidism.
As for his urination in the basement, this could be due to

########
Rank: 15
Score: 23.720877
Retrieved Text: My cat is painfully "kneady"
Baby, looking completely content with the paparazzi.
Hey, I have two lovely cats, both about ten years old now. The one I'm asking about is the slightly older of the two, a black female mix named Baby who has the stereotypical "worship-me" personality. Except when she's "cuddly."
This usually occurs at night, when I'm in bed and trying to go to sleep. Baby loves sleeping under the covers with me, right against my stomach (I sleep on my side) and is perfectly content to just lie down. It's only after she's been there for a while that she decides she wants to knead. And knead she does!
From what I've read, most cats stop kneading after they've laid down, but Baby doesn't. She'll stretch out her paws as far as she can, often trying to reach my face, and then pull them back, quite painfully might I add. Especially when she gets me in a more sensitive area!
My question is this: How can I encourage her to stop this behavior? I'm aware it's a throwback to her kitten days and a sign of happiness and affection, but it really hurts and I'm allergic, making scratches even more uncomfortable. If anyone has some suggestions, I would love to hear them!
unfortunately a happy contented cat will often just knead. My cat does. and to the best of my knowledge there is no way to stop it and in fact would be unkind to do so really especially as all they are doing is expressing contentment.
i understand your

########
Rank: 16
Score: 23.683092
Retrieved Text: With many estimates showing that half of all domestic cats are overweight, and feline obesity consistently on the rise, it’s important to keep your cat slim before the risk of obesity sets in. Read more here as your Lexington veterinarian tells you how to prevent obesity in your feline friend.
There’s no way around it—diet and exercise are still the ultimate preventer of weight gain. Feed your cat a good quality cat food with the proper nutrients. Your Lexington veterinarian can offer a recommendation.
Make sure your cat doesn’t just lay around all the time. Cats do sleep a lot, yes, but they also need to exercise when they’re not sleeping. Play with your cat daily, making sure she gets a good workout. Stop if your cat seems tired or worn-out. Maintaining an exercise routine every day will help your cat burn off the calories.
Keep fatty table scraps to a minimum, and give your cat treats sparingly. The calories and fat in these items can quickly build up, leading to weight gain. Some companies offer alternative treats that are healthier options—ask your Lexington vet about these and where to find them in your area.
Free feeding, or leaving food out in a bowl at all times, is generally not recommended. It can work in some instances, but many cats will end up overeating and packing on the pounds. Ask your Lexington vet about proper feeding schedules and proportions.
It’s always a good idea to bring your cat in regularly for check-ups with your Lexington veterinary professional. This is the best

########
Rank: 17
Score: 23.63581
Retrieved Text: Do Cats Help with Depression and Anxiety?
Cats are known to be cuddly, amusing and downright relaxing. The way they sleep is indeed inviting and calming. Such are the antics of cats that make them perfect as therapy for depression and anxiety.
There are countless stories of people who are undergoing therapy for depression and anxiety, whose condition improved when they took care of a cat. They say that the presence of cats in their lives gave them a sense of purpose and meaning.
If you are a person undergoing depression and anxiety, you are so absorbed in your thoughts that you might have the tendency to isolate yourself from your loved ones and friends. The presence of cats in your life serves as a distraction from this tendency.
Feeding, cleaning, and caring for them is already a diversion from your unnecessary thoughts and this distraction lets you see a different perspective on life. The cat breaks the monotony and boredom in your daily battle with isolation.
The cat’s playfulness will also help you smile and forget about any thoughts that you are currently preoccupied with. By disregarding your concerns for the moment, it will free your mind of worries and lessen the anxiety that is brought by your needless thoughts.
No, you do not have to purr like your cat to relax. It is the other way round.
When you pat or stroke your pet and it suddenly elicits a gentle purr that in itself is relaxing. To get it to purr when you stroke it gives you a certain degree of

########
Rank: 18
Score: 23.511148
Retrieved Text: In our house we have two adults, two teenagers, a child, a geriatric cat Gabby and a crazy long hair black cat with a white patch on his neck named, Linus. My cat Linus enjoys sleeping on the white couch. I think he feels like he’ll get noticed more if he is there. His other favorite places to sleep include the following: on my bed, under my bed, the top of the stairs, the middle of the stairs, the recliners, and on top of my lap.
I once gave my cats a bowl of milk. They looked at it as if it were poison. They didn’t drink it and I ended up throwing it out. However, if the kids leave their milk out in the morning. Linus feels it’s his duty to jump onto the counter and see what the problem was. I like to think of him as the taste tester, he just does it too late. He sticks his face into the child size Tupperware cup spilling it all over the table and floor. *New rule: if you do not finish your milk you must put it into the fridge to be finished later or put it in the sink.
Just this week while I was finishing watching the program the kids were watching while waiting for the bus, I heard a noise. I turned around and found Linus was standing on the island. I looked at him and said “Really? Get down!” Of course, he got down. Then, after the program was over, I was

########
Rank: 19
Score: 23.507967
Retrieved Text: At the risk of repetition (but not redundancy, Dear Reader — that would mean restating an idea using different words), your Mrs. Language Person repeats and as requested, elaborates. Only upon fervent request would she lay the rules down yet again.
Lie, lay. The latter always has an object which it lays. The former simply means “recline.” I lay down the book, but I lie down for a rest. You may lay your body upon a sofa, but you lie awake at night, when the body is unmentioned.
Next, to elaborate. Note the examples in the second and third sentences of today’s column, Reader? MLP would “lay (down the) rules” and then suggest you “lie back.” Rules is the object of the verb “lay;” thus rules may be laid (past tense of lay) down. When you “lie back” you are reclining; there is no object to “lay,” save the unmentioned body.
Here is where the confusion begins, but isn’t yet unmanageable: the body. When mentioned outright, e.g., “Now I lay me down to sleep …” or “the cat lays herself upon the sofa,” one must use “lay.” When no object, e.g., the body/me/herself, is mentioned, the correct expression is “lie.” Thus, Kitty “lies” or “lies down” on the sofa, but she “lays herself upon” the sofa to sleep.
Stupid distinction? You bet. Correct nevertheless? Yes. Body/herself/me = the verb’s object explicitly mentioned, so it must be accompanied by “lay” (or laid if past).
Yesterday the cat lay in the sun. Today he lies. He has lain in the sun many times.
Conjugating

########
Rank: 20
Score: 23.480122
Retrieved Text: A sweet mama from susiescustom, who will be features on the blog within the next week, asked me what I am going to be putting on the blog? And I told her exactly how I felt, in any direction the readers take it. I already love this blog so much but I want to keep you guys happy and reading. So what direction will it be going in? Only the future can tell. Maybe someone wants a good recipe one week. I won’t hesitate to share one of my favorites! Or someone wants to know what it is like married to a solider. And I will gladly tell you. This really can go as far as the readers let it! Without you I am basically writing a journal. So I hope you continue to read and continue to love what I post. If not let me know! We can switch it up! Have some fun with it (: there are endless possibilities!
And on that note the first post I was asked to share is on sleep. Or lack there of. Cause let’s face it as moms we somehow manage to run on little to no sleep. Or at least I do! Most night I lay in bed while everyone is asleep , wide awake, and I can’t shut down cause I am up thinking of the things I could be doing while no one is awake to run behind me and mess it up again. And then we finally fall asleep only to be woken in

########
Rank: 21
Score: 23.439518
Retrieved Text: The first answer was a joke. Cats need attention and if they don't get enough, will wake you to play or pay attention to them. They have their own internal clocks. Learn the difference between cat love bites and real cat bites and Ears back, low growl, thumping tail says, “Stay away from me right now. My 1-year-old kitty, Zali, has taken to biting me while I'm sleeping. Use a feather, a cat dancer, a ribbon, or some other toy that requires a human hand for play.
We all love to play with our pets, but if you're seriously losing sleep over your cat's attacks, don't encourage the pouncing behavior in your. Cats are known for sleeping long hours, but when they're not snoozing, they can be very active. Those periods of activity often happen during the night. If your. There are also cases where a cat bites you because it wants to give you Now, after she bites me too hard, she sometimes comes and licks the spot If your cat is up in your face while you sleep, and your consistent reflex is.
She's very well behaved and generally content, but in the past week and a half she's taken to biting me while I'm sleeping. She'll start nibbling. Find out the reasons behind cat love bites, and why cat biting can be a sign of affection. hand, which leaves many cat owners wondering, “Why is my cat biting me? to interact, rather than approaching and handling a sleeping or resting cat. Have you ever wondered

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.188038
Retrieved Text: Quiz: How Obsessed With Cats Are You?
How Obsessed With Cats Are You?
When you are sitting at work, are you thinking about humans or are you thinking about your cats? There's absolutely no judgment here! If you knit little sweaters from your cat's hair, it doesn't matter to us. In fact, we think it says a lot about your level of obsession when it comes to cats.
As we scratch and claw our way through this quiz, we will ask you how you feel about a lot of things. Most importantly, we will ask you about your relationships with animals. The only real way to figure out how obsessed you are with cats is to get to know you as well as your pets know when they will be served dinner. We won't try to trip you up on your way to the kitchen, but we will be able to get to the bottom of how much time your mind spends preoccupied with our furry friends.
Once you read our questions, take a moment to "paws" and reflect on your possible response. Then, choose the answer that sounds the most like what you would really do or say. By the time you've finished, we'll be able to diagnose your cat obsession better than any psychiatrist!
I have more than a couple.
Have you ever been tempted to taste cat food?
It is actually not that bad.
I have never had the urge.
I've wanted to try dry food.
Some of the wet food flavors sound tempting.
How often do you clean out the litter box?
I clean

########
Rank: 23
Score: 23.113264
Retrieved Text: First round is acceptance, second are arguements! Good luck!
Thank you so much for the opportunity! This sounds like it will be a very fun debate, and I'm happy to accept it. Best of luck to you!
While many argue that cats are better for cuddling, this is untrue. Many dogs like to sit and snuggle with you, wether they are big or small. Also, when cats lay on you they tend to flex their claws into your skin... and it hurts. Dogs do not do that!
Cats scratch on furnature... in the middle of the night... then lay on your chest so you can't breathe. I think they are trying to kill us. Dogs don't scratch on the side of the bed, or sleep on top of you. They sleep on the floor, outside, or on the end of the bed. This makes bedtime a whole lot more restful.
Dogs are a good way to excercise. Cats just lie around all day. Dogs get you active because they need walks and playtime. This is bonding between animal and owner, as well as fitness for the owner.
I would like to end my speech with a sincere apology to my two outdoor cats as well as my two indoor. I love them all dearly, though I would appreciate it if Dawn would stop scratching the bed... at 3 in the morning.
Thanks for the post! Thank you also to those who are following this debate! Voters, please remember to vote based on how the debate actually goes, and not on a pre-round

########
Rank: 24
Score: 23.089354
Retrieved Text: My cat is tapping with her paws? I woke up this morning to feel a tap-tap-tap on my arms and legs. I thought possibly it was my fiance, but awoke to find my 8 year old female cat tapping away, just like a human would do. It was not your typical kneading, but in fact a tapping with her paws. She was also tapping on my fiance when she finished coming over to me. I can’t find anything about this strange behavior on the internet. Can anyone recommend some good sites with information or advice on this issue? The DVman talks about why his kitty face taps him every morning.My Kitty will wake me up by tapping my forehead and crying for my attention. He usually does it just after the alarm goes off or at sunrise. I tell my co-workers that my cat wants to discuss the amount and quality of food remaining in his bowl. Even though I have learned to fill his dishes at night he would still like a freshen up in the morning. For the most part Kitty gets me up so I will follow him. As we walk together he cries all the way until we get to an open space, where he turns on his back and he allows me to scratch his tummy for a few minutes.When he gets bored with making me do stuff he lets me go back to sleep. It is strange, but on weekends he often lets me sleep until about 9-10 before he

########
Rank: 25
Score: 23.035978
Retrieved Text: It's always amazing the different poses cats can do, especially when they are resting or giving themselves a bath. Sometimes we think cats created many of the yoga poses people try to do because they are so limber.
Did you know that a cat's spine can rotate more than most other animals? Their vertebrae have a special and flexible elastic cushioning on the discs. This extremely elastic cushioning allows cats to rotate their bodies as far as 180 degrees to the left and right. We've all seen those photos of cats (or seen our own cats) where their head and front legs are facing the opposite direction from the back legs and hips. Most humans can only rotate their torso 90 degrees either way. A cat's shoulders blades are attached to the rest of the body by muscles, which contribute to their flexibility.
Mom Paula has noticed that Brulee loves to sleep on curves surfaces. She's had a curved scratcher since she was a kitten and it's one of her favorite places to sleep (except in Mom Paula's bed). Brulee also loves to sleep in the top of the cat tree with her head and front paws hanging over the sides or curled up into a little ball. Most of the curved scratchers are covered in carpet that doesn't usually blend in with the furniture, so we were very excited that Chewy.com sponsored this post by providing us with the Pet Fusion™ Ultimate Cat Scratcher Lounge to try out.
We've admired the Pet Fusion Ultimate Cat Scratcher Lounge in

########
Rank: 26
Score: 22.959957
Retrieved Text: Nutritionally complete & balanced, Pet Wants Cat food is formulated to meet the nutritional levels established by the AAFCO cat food nutrient profiles for "All Life Stages." Order by the pound, or as a 20-pound bag.
My cat Betty Spaghetti suffered from skin lesions/allergies her entire life and we could never get them under control. After about two weeks on Pet Wants Cat Food, all signs of her allergies were gone and she is a much happier and more social cat! it totally changed her quality of life.
Oreo is a twelve year old tuxedo. He was suffering from hair loss and excessive weight loss. After multiple vet visits, and rounds of steroids, it was advised to put him to sleep. Oreo started eating Pet Wants Adult Cat in October 2015. Oreo is back to his loving self. He has gained all his weight back, and his coat is beautiful! No other treatment needed! This food has saved his life. He now runs and plays with his kitten brother Yuki.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 22.940708
Retrieved Text: How can i get my 21 month old daughter to start going to sleep on her own in her own bed???
From the Time our daughter was born she was sleeping in the bed with mommy and daddy. usually because her daddy worked out of town 6 days a week an i just needed someone in the bed with me. and when her daddy came home he wanted her to sleep in the bed with him which at the time i felt wasnt a problem because they needed there "cuddle time" but now at almost 2 years old she still will not go to sleep by herself or sleep in her bed at all. We are trying to get her into daycare but we cant find one that will take her because no one wants to lay down with her to get her to go to sleep. what can i do? someone PLeASE HELP!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 22.85009
Retrieved Text: Cat Lover Here - What Greater Gift Than The Love Of a Cat?
Want to know what is the best flea treatments for Large Cats? Advantage ii for large Cats is the best flea treatments for large Cats! In short: If you want your Cat to have a life that is free of fleas then you’ll love this flea treatment Carry on reading to find out what’s so … Read moreAdvantage ii For Large Cats Reviews – The Best Flea Treatment For Large Cats!
“So…just how long did you say it would take to litter train my kitten?!” I understand your frustration and so does every other cat owner on the planet. You have sat down ready to watch a movie on the sofa with a bowl of popcorn on your lap when out of the corner of your … Read moreHow Long Does It Take To Litter Train a Kitten – Follow This Method For FAST Results!
When your Cat stops using the litter box then it can become a really big problem A expensive one too! Urine puddles on your expensive carpet Or finding poo on your bathroom rug! Cleaning it up is hard work It can be really annoying too and frustrating I know how you feel Relationship can become … Read moreRetraining a Cat To Use The Litter Box – Who Else Wants Their Cat To Use The Litter Box?
How Do You Stop a Cat From Peeing On The Bed – Get Into Bed Without Finding Urine Puddle!
When your Cat decides to pee on your

########
Rank: 29
Score: 22.755148
Retrieved Text: One avenue down gypsy life is "House Sitting Way." It allows the gypsy to not hold a lease or (typically) pay rent, while at the same time maintain a roof over her head.
My first foray into house/pet sitting began with that month I watched a dog named Butterbean and the unfortunate incident with a groundhog. My latest was a a short week-long stint with two cats, named: Griffin and Kitten, also known as Psycho Kitten.
Kitten is really a deceptive name for this cat. Even with the qualifier of Psycho. There is very little that is kitten-like about this cat. Oh yes, she purrs when you stroke her head or scratch behind her ears. She'll purr louder if you grab her brush and run it under her chin. But the moment you stop petting, scratching, brushing, she'll reach her claws out faster than you can blink and strike you before you know what happened. Psycho doesn't cut it. She is will draw blood. And she will have no remorse.
I avoided her at all costs, but it still took all week for my reflexes to outwit her.
Needless to say, I slept with my door closed at night.
In bed before 10 on my final night on the job, I was sound asleep, when a strange sensation woke me. I opened my eyes to a deep black darkness. Feeling for sure that it had to be after 1 or 2 a.m. My eyes scanned in the direction of the doorway, where the expanse of blackness gave way to a slightly

================



======= Instance Index 15 =========
Input Text: A child is in a meadow in spring, what might the child do?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- clean room
- set table
- play with toys
- form opinions
- gather flowers

Target Text: gather flowers

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 29.813433
Retrieved Text: The Learning Centre holds every Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays from 3:00-5:00pm. It caters individually to children who need extra help with their school work.
Meadow Hall Edutainment Centre (MEC) is a fun centre where children can develop a myriad of skills while having fun. As the name implies, it’s a fusion of Education and Entertainment.
Meadow Hall Home Tutors was designed to reinforce learning done at school while providing a platform for children to optimise their skills, work on their strengths and explore their creative abilities.
Our camp programmes include; clinics in various sports, Science, Technology, Engineering, Art and Maths (STEAM) camps, photography, etiquette and dance.
Culinary Quest - Infant School Camp- (N20, 000) (15th – 18th April) Meadow Hall Edutainment Centres, 20A Wole Olateju Crescent, of Admiralty, Lekki Phase 1, Lagos.
Culinary Quest - Junior School Camp- (N30, 000) (15th – 18th April) Meadow Hall Lekki, Meadow Hall way, Alma Beach Estate, Lekki-Epe Express way, Lekki, Lagos.
Basketball Camp (Ages 8 to 17) (N15, 000) (15th – 17th) April 2019 Meadow Hall Lekki, Meadow Hall way, Alma Beach Estate, Lekki-Epe Express way, Lekki, Lagos.
Kindly indicate and consent to the pickup and drop off venue for your child (ren). ******Please note that this is only available for Infant and Junior School Camp.
Time Drop off: 8:00am (*Note: The bus shuttle will leave promptly 8:15am, you will need to bring your child (ren) to the camp location if you miss this time) Pick up times: Sports 12:00pm Other programmes: 2:00pm. Please be punctual.
*for online or bank transfer, please note that you have to submit

########
Rank: 1
Score: 28.516197
Retrieved Text: Identity - are you born yourself or is yourself a construction? Can you convey who you really are?
Love - marital, familial, how does it survive a world that largely seems to work against it?
History - how does the past echo through generations, contained as it is in the memory and biology of successive generations?
Eric Schroder, our handsome, optimistic, but deluded and flawed narrator, has taken his six-year-old daughter, Meadow, on a summer road trip. They sing songs, they swim, they eat ice-cream, and they don't come back. The road trip becomes and accidental kidnap, and Eric winds up in a correctional facility, writing to his estranged wife, attempting to explain his actions and his bizarre behavior during the course of their marriage.
This is a novel about the profound, agonized love a parent feels -- and what happens when that love is threatened.
Have you ever told a lie that grew beyond your control? What did you decide to do when the lie became more than you could handle?
Schroder is written as a confessional letter from Eric to his wife, Laura. Have you ever written a confession? About what and to whom?
In the novel, Eric tells his first lie when he is five years old. Do you remember your first lie or a time when you witnessed a young child lie? Why do you think you—or the child you witnessed—told this lie?
If you could change something about your family history, what would it be?
Which famous family might you pretend to be part of? Why?
Eric and Laura’s marriage began

########
Rank: 2
Score: 28.184114
Retrieved Text: Often times, we find that one of the big problems that young families face by the time they’ve trekked to Montana is that the kids want to be out of the car! This can be hard because with almost 150,000 square miles of land, Montana is NOT a small state, though we do lack the traffic.
Helena is surrounded by beautiful lakes, but even a twenty minute drive with a five-year-old child who does not want to be in the car can feel much too long.
Located on the edge of town Spring Meadow Lake is not far – we promise, even for a kid, it’s not far.
Tip: On your way out to the lake, stop by the Staggering Ox for a unique sandwich for your picnic or even Van’s Grocery Store which is located on your way out to the lake, is a good option. Van’s has a fantastic deli with fried chicken, sandwiches, etc.
There is a nice, easy almost a mile long trail around the lake.
In the summer, there is a vendor who offers paddle boat rentals for a very reasonable rate.
There are picnic shelters along the shore.
Also located at Spring Meadow Lake is Montana Wild. Montana Wild has a great interpretive center and they also loan out fishing equipment for kids at no cost.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 28.07276
Retrieved Text: Wherever you live, nature is always near, with entire worlds to discover around the trees in your yard, in the carpet of grass or beneath that pile of rocks. With school vacations rapidly approaching, you may already be thinking of ways to keep your children or grandchildren busy during the long summer months. Well, how about setting up your own Nature Camp! An appreciation of nature will stay with children forever and teach them the importance of caring for the environment and all living things, including themselves.
A stroll through the woods or a nearby meadow, observing or gathering things of interest along the way. Spend some time watching ants or earthworms, caterpillars or butterflies. Take an evening walk to look for fireflies and bats or to listen to crickets and frogs. Note different species of birds, or look for other wildlife such as squirrels, rabbits or deer.
Very young children love collecting things – rocks, feathers, flowers, shells and leaves are a few easy examples. See how many different types, colors, shapes or sizes they can find. Older children might want to start a pressed leaf or flower collection, or capture some insects for identification and observation.
Raising butterflies or moths from caterpillars, noting how they grow and change in a nature journal or through a series of photographs to create a scrapbook of the experience. When they’re ready to be released, let the child have the wonder of connecting with nature as their fluttering friends fly free.
A more extensive nature activity could be to help your child

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.816107
Retrieved Text: Search Results for "autumn lawn"
Autumn crocus blooming in lawn. Colchicum autumnale, autumn crocus, meadow saffron or naked lady blooms in autumn with no surrounding leaves. The leaves and seeds appear in spring.
Small child considers yellow leaves on green lawn in autumn park. beautiful baby iraet on lawn and learns world.
Curious beautiful puppy pokes his face into camera lens. Mistress walks her dog on leash in Park in autumn on lawn.
Mom plays with baby with dry yellow leaves on lawn in autumn park. child is sitting on grass, mom picks up child from lawn.
Happy young women are doing pair yoga having fun and laughing sitting on mats on grass in park. Beautiful autumn nature lawn and trees are in background.
Autumn landscape with trees and lawn in the foreground. The autumn forest.
Renova. Russian innovations center Skolkovo, slow taking off and circling over the lawn. Autumn, daylight.
small child runs in autumn park on lawn and dry grass. Happy little baby walking in evening on street.
Raking autumn leaves from lawn.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.459684
Retrieved Text: Hello, my name is Miss Karen O'Brien, and I am the Inclusion Leader (SENCo) at Kings Meadow Primary. Presented below, you will find lots of information about our SEN provision for children with additional needs.
If you require any further information please contact me at the school or by telephone - 01704 578512.
Governing bodies of mainstream schools have the following legal duties under the Children and Families Act 2014.
At Kings Meadow Primary, we offer targeted interventions (class-based and stand alone), according to the needs of the child.
What is the Speech and Language Resource Base?
Kings Meadow Speech and Language Resource Base is part of Kings Meadow Primary School. Miss Karen O’Brien is the Leader of the Resourced Provision alongside Mrs Janette Hutchings; Specialist Speech and Language Therapist.
At Kings Meadow Primary we aim to help children with speech and language difficulties. We encourage children to achieve their optimum potential by providing specialist teaching and intensive speech and language therapy in a supportive environment. The Resource Base operates an inclusive policy tailored to meet the needs of each individual child.
Children with severe and specific speech and language difficulties as their primary needs, may benefit from a placement at the Speech and Language Resource Base.
Difficulty remembering and recalling words.
All of the children with resourced provision places have a statement/EHC plan of SEN, stating speech and language impairments as their primary difficulty. Many children who are identified and provided for at an early age make significant progress with their speech and may no longer require an EHC Plan by the end of

########
Rank: 6
Score: 27.322506
Retrieved Text: If you have a complaint about a child with SEND, please contact our SENCo Steph Rushworth or in her absence our Head teacher Catherine Hughes. If you are still concerned then please refer to our complaints procedure (also on our website).
Ganneys Meadow Nursery School is a fully inclusive school. We ensure that all children achieve towards their potential socially, emotionally, physically and academically in all areas of the curriculum (regardless of their gender, ethnicity, social background, religion, physical ability or educational needs) This document is intended to give you information regarding the ways in which we ensure we support all of our children including those with SEN and disabilities, in order that they can reach their full potential. It may not list every skill resource and technique we employ in order to achieve this as these are continually developed and used to modify our provision to meet the changing requirements for individual children.
Your child’s Class Teacher and your child’s Key Worker - responsible for planning the differentiated curriculum and assessing your child’s progress.
Headteacher responsible for the day-to-day aspects of the school and all the arrangements for children with SEND. The Head Teacher has to report to the Governing Body on all aspects of SEND within the school. The Head Teacher Catherine Hughes has longstanding experience in SEND and was a SENCO in her previous role.
SEND Governor is responsible for making sure the necessary support is made for every child who attends the school with SEND.
Children's keyworkers speak regularly to parents regarding their children as 2-way communication

########
Rank: 7
Score: 27.240683
Retrieved Text: Little boy is smiling for the camera while lying on the floor as he is doing his homework.
Little boy drawing with a chalk outdoors. Children’s picture,creativity on gray dackground road,on asphalt sidewalk.Outside activities for children. top view, copy space.
The frame of the children’s colourful drawings with place for your text inside the circle. Vector illustration.
Seamless pattern in the concept of children’s drawings. Background with flowers, hearts and birds.
Child draws a pencil drawing of the peace. Green field, the bushes and the house.
Dream big little one – kids nursery art poster. Cute elephant with stars. Scandinavian style. Baby illustration.
Summer felt pen child drawing on checkered school notebook paper. Vector set.
Boy drawing stock photos 389,717 Boy drawing stock photos, vectors, and illustrations are available royalty-free. See boy drawing stock video clips.
Happy family. Mother and daughter together paint. Adult woman helps the child girl.
Little artist painting. Vector illustration of a little boy painting with color palette and paint brush.
Smiling african girl sitting at desk in class room and looking at camera. Portrait of young black schoolgirl studying with classmates in background. Happy smiling pupil writing on notebook.
Set of wax crayon kid`s drawn colorful cards with hand drawing flowers, house, sun, tree, rainbow on white. Hand drawn art background. Child`s painting pastel chalk lines and design elements, vector.
Children art group. Cute kids painting and drawings on the wall. Children’s Growing Learning Concept. Funny cartoon character. Vector illustration. Isolated on white background.
Happy family. Mother and little son together paint. Top view creative photo of hands little boy and mother on vintage

########
Rank: 8
Score: 27.14281
Retrieved Text: Across all ages, there are 19 places this week available out of 25 care days which is a rise from last week's childcare vacancy incidence of places out of 25 possible care days.
Community Kids Childcare & Early Education Centres offer high quality, affordable long day care, before and after school care, casual care and vacation care.
We provide children in our care with a safe, happy and healthy environment, which recognises the special needs and talents of individual children through the employment of caring, qualified educators and to ensure that all aspects of each child's developmental needs form the basis of our programs.
Each of our centres' rooms is individual and unique and is tailored to suit the age and development stage of your child as well as the diversity of the educators, children, families and wider community.
Our rooms are filled full of laughter, fun and educational resources.
Our educators are qualified, caring and committed to ensure the standard of care and education your child receives is the best.
The utilisation of the Early Years Learning Framework enhances your child's learning through their ideas, interests, strengths and abilities whilst they play.
Community Kids child care and educational centres appreciate and recognise family values and parental involvement and participation is welcomed and encouraged.
Last change of Ownership or Management - 2013 This centre is a for-profit enterprise and is part of a larger chain.
Community Kids Meadow Heights Early Education Centre is larger than average for childcare providers in Meadow heights with 140 places versus an average of 77 for this suburb.
Community Kids Meadow

########
Rank: 9
Score: 26.43808
Retrieved Text: Nature speaks to each one of us in its own special way. Perhaps it’s during a mindful walk to a remote corner of the Preserve. Or maybe it’s experiencing the wonder of nature through the eyes of a child. The Preserve provides opportunities to hear the flute-like song of a wood thrush as you wander through a mature forest, to meander through a diverse meadow studying how bees and butterflies interact with native plants, to observe dragonflies hunting mosquitoes at the pond and to savor the sweet scent of fringe tree blossoms in the spring air.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 26.34571
Retrieved Text: Home » Simple Living / Voluntary Simplicity » The Apple Trees in Our Meadow… Heirloom or Wild?
There are apple trees in our meadow… fourteen large trees spaced out in a long uneven row that runs almost the entire length of the meadow. There were apple trees here when we bought this land, and I can remember picking apples from these trees when I was a child… and especially my favorites, the apples that tasted like pears. During our years of living here, the apples have always been tiny and so bitter or tart that even our pig and goats wouldn’t eat them. Our goats were, however, especially fond of the tender branches that we cut from these trees for them every year during spring and early summer.
I can only guess that as we were cutting all those branches year after year, we were also giving the trees an unintentional but much needed pruning… because suddenly several of these old trees have become impressively productive. This year especially most of the apples were very large and there were so many of them. We picked apples and picked more apples. We ate apples right off the tree, we froze them, we dehydrated them, and made applesauce and countless apple crisps. And yes… some of the apples tasted like pears!
So are these trees the wild apple trees we thought they were, or could they be descendants from heirloom apple trees that were planted here many years ago? I have written before about how we live on land that was

########
Rank: 11
Score: 26.239855
Retrieved Text: Have a Summer Full of Adventure at YMCA Day Camp!
The camp cost includes breakfast,lunch,snacks,swimming,field trips, educational enrichment opportunities and many more summer activities.Once you complete the registration form and submit it along with the non-refundable registration fee, we will be able to reserve a space for your child!
Contact: Nicole Fry if you have any questions at nfry@ymcaswv.org.
Do you need care for your children after school? We offer School Age Child Care for grades K-6 from the time school is released until 6pm at 5 locations!
Forest Park Elementary School (also serving East Side Elementary and Meridian Elementary), Jackson Towship Elementary (also serving Clay City Elementary shuttle bus) and Staunton Elementary (also serving North Clay Middle School).
serving Deer Meadow, TZ and GMS) and Bainbridge Elementary School serving Bainbridge Elementary, Roachdale Elementary and North Putnam Middle School.
Call 812-442-6761, or visit the Clay County YMCA location. If your child receives free or reduced lunch at school, email msinclair@ymcaswv.org with verification to receive reduced weekly rates.
Contact the YMCA if your child is on the free or reduced lunch program.
Every Monday – Saturday morning, and Monday – Thursday evenings, members have the opportunity to work out while their little ones are in the safe care of our experiences child watch staff. Child watch is offered to ages 6 weeks – 6 years for just $10/month.
The cost for a full time camper (3-5 days) is $90.00 a week for members, $105.00 a week for non-members and we do offer part time (1-2 days) pricing, multiple child discounts,and a limited number of scholarships. (

########
Rank: 12
Score: 26.13407
Retrieved Text: Safeguarding is defined as protecting children from maltreatment, preventing impairment of health and/or development, ensuring that children grow up in the provision of safe and effective care and optimising children’s life chances.
Do you have concerns about a child and their safety?
Do you have concerns about a child that does not attend Meadow View?
The NSPCC has also generated guidelines for organisations to ensure the effective safeguarding of children.
The Government has also produced guidelines to support organisations in ensuring the effective safeguarding of children and young people.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.905434
Retrieved Text: ← Please Help Me Solve This Mysterious Mystery: Why in the WORLD Would Sports Illustrated Put Kate Upton on Their Cover Again?
Meadow Soprano is Pregnant. What Will Tony Do?
Oh my God guys. Meadow Soprano is pregnant. With her fiance’s baby. Out of wedlock. Will there be a shotgun wedding to appease the very moral father of the future bride, Tony Soprano?
As much as I thought I’d want to marry into the Mafia, I think it would be a tad difficult because I’d be afraid he’d chop off my fingers or something.
In truth, of course, Meadow is just a character, so she can’t actually have a baby. Duh. But the actress who plays her, Jamie-Lynn Sigler (not even Italian! She’s Cuban and Jewish.) IS expecting her first child with professional baseball player Cutter Dykstra, whose father Lenny played for the Mets and Phillies and was actually sentenced to three year in prison for grand theft auto and filing a false financial statement. So maybe marrying Tony Soprano’s daughter DOES make sense.
I wonder if Meadow’s ex-fiance Finn DeTrulio ever got married. He was cute!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.893457
Retrieved Text: The Carters’ living room in south London is covered with pictures of their four children. Will and Michelle (not their real names, because family court rules prevent them being identified) yearn to live as a family again, but for the past five years they have had to content themselves with waiting and hoping.
Gone for good? The parents are fighting court decisions Following a court case in 2000 where, on the evidence of Professor Sir Roy Meadow, they were held responsible for poisoning their youngest child by giving her 12-16 imipromine tablets prescribed for their eldest child’s bedwetting, the two elder children were put with foster carers and the two younger ones adopted.
“I wouldn’t even recognise the younger ones now,” says Michelle, looking at a picture taken at the “goodbye” meeting when they were only three and five.
But Meadow seems to have been talking outside his field of competence. According to toxicologists, less than one tablet, which she could have found lying around, would have been enough to kill a five-year-old.
The Carters have been granted legal aid to appeal in a case that could have profound implications for all those who have had their children taken from them and adopted because of faulty medical evidence or unwarranted action taken by social services.
In criminal cases the unravelling is gathering pace. Last Monday, Donna Anthony was released from prison, the case against her for killing her three children having been deemed unsound. Then, on Thursday, Professor David Southall, whose work on Munchausen’s syndrome by proxy has led to dozens

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.299969
Retrieved Text: London — Prince Harry and his wife, the Duchess of Sussex, are expecting a child in the spring, Kensington Palace said Monday.
Will the baby ever be king or queen? It is very unlikely. Harry and Meghan’s first child will be seventh in the line of succession for the throne when it is born next spring. The baby will be behind its grandfather, Prince Charles; its uncle, Prince William; its cousins, William’s three children: George, Charlotte and 5-month-old Prince Louis; and the baby’s father, Prince Harry.
Will the baby be a prince or princess? The baby will not automatically become a prince or princess, although it is possible that could happen if Queen Elizabeth II chooses to intervene.
The children and grandchildren of the queen are made princes and princesses — that’s why Harry has that title — but this doesn’t apply to great-grandchildren.
The only exception, as expressed by the king in 1917, is for “the eldest living son of the eldest son of the Prince of Wales” — in this case, that would be Prince George, the first child born to William and Kate, the duchess of Cambridge.
The queen can intervene if she chooses to, as she did in the case of William’s other children, but it is unclear if she will do so in Harry’s case because his children will be farther from the line of succession.
What will be the baby’s title? If it’s a boy, he would likely be known as the earl of Dumbarton. A girl would likely be known as Lady Mountbatten-Windsor, with her

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.283035
Retrieved Text: Medical child abuse (MCA) is defined as a child receiving unnecessary and harmful or potentially harmful medical care at the instigation of a caretaker. Previous names for this type of child maltreatment include Munchausen syndrome by proxy, factitious disorder by proxy, pediatric condition falsification, and fabricated or induced illness by a carer.
In this form of child abuse a caretaker, most commonly a mother, engages in a pattern of behavior that results in medical care providers giving care that the child does not need and which is or could be harmful. As an example, if a mother is caught smothering her child with a pillow and he dies, the event is called fatal physical abuse of a child (or homicide). If she smothers her child until he turns blue and then takes him to the doctor for care without revealing her involvement and he receives a bronchoscopy, the potentially harmful procedure represents medical abuse. Likewise, if a mother does not smother her baby but lies to the doctor saying the child turned blue, and the baby gets an unnecessary bronchoscopy, the procedure is again an example of medical child abuse.
Are you sure your patient has medical child abuse? What are the typical finndings for this disease?
As with other forms of child maltreatment, identification of MCA begins with having an index of suspicion that it might be taking place. Having MCA on the list of potential causes of the child’s condition, the differential diagnosis, even if well down the list of potential explanations, insures that medical providers remain

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.218979
Retrieved Text: This interview will surely touch our hearts. Meadow Rue Merrill tells the true story of an abandoned baby, a devastating diagnosis, a tough decision, and the way God loves broken, hurting people through us even though we, too, may be hurt and broken. Honest, raw, and illuminating, this interview explores what happens when we reach out and share love with a vulnerable child. Join Jeannie St. John Taylor and Maxine Marsolini as we enjoy talking with Meadow about her life and book, "Redeeming Ruth". www.meadowrue.com. Please invite a friend to listen in.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.164047
Retrieved Text: What ages can play tball? Children 5 and 6 years old can play. To provide a quality program and to give instruction to all the kids playing, your child needs to be at least 5 years old to play tball.
When do practices start? Tball practices will begin the week after Spring Break, the week of April 1, 2019. Practices will be twice a week in evenings for 1 hour until games start.
When do games start? Games will start the week of April 29, 2019 and be evenings or Saturdays.
When does the season end? There will be a end of the season jamboree on June 1, 2019 (weather permitting).
What does my child need? The league provides a game jersey and a hat. Your child will need a glove, baseball pants and helmet. Each team will have bats, but you can purchase one if you would like.
*The dates are subject to change based on the number of players and coaches that register, and the weather in the Spring.
What ages can play rookies? Rookie level baseball is for 1st and 2nd graders.
When do practices start? Practices will begin the week after Spring Break, the week of April 1, 2019. Practices will be twice a week in evenings until games start.
When do games start? Games will start the week of April 29, 2019 and be either on Mondays, Wednesdays or Saturdays.
When does the season end? There will be a end of the season tournament the weekend of June 8-9, 2019 (weather permitting).
What does my child need? The league provides a

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.140078
Retrieved Text: Hero Headlines! Be A Meadow Brook Hero!
Fourth Grade Trip to Oakland University!
Hard Work, Skill, and Strength!
Kindergarten Registration Night Is Coming!
Are you the parent or guardian of a child who will attending kindergarten in the fall of 2019?
at Meadow Brook Elementary School!
Kindergarten Registration Night is a parent only event. Stay tuned for infomration about student screenings to take place on Wednesday, August 14th.
Please contact Principal Seth Berg at sberg@rochester.k12.mi.us with questions.
Please take a moment to visit our PTA's webage and to join our PTA's Facebook page!
The Meadow Brook PTA is one of the best investments you can make into your student's safe and joyful learning!
Whether you decide to simply become a member, or you are able to donate your time to some of the many volunteer opportunities available, your partnership & dedication to this outstanding organization is greatly appreciated!
In it together for the kids...we need your voice!
MBE Peek at the Week: Fun Run Fun!
and our dedicated, driven student who ran with heart & had tons of fun! You are all Meadow Brook Heroes!
Visit Out #ThinkMBE Blog For Regular Updates From School!
Be A Meadow Brook Hero!
The best way to connect is to reach out through e-mail. From there we are ready to make arrangements to collaborate by phone or in person.
Thank you for your partnership...in it together for the kids!
*This page is still under construction and will be complete soon...we appreciate your patience!
Welcome to Rochester Community Schools--Michigan's premier K-12 school district! from Rochester Community Schools on Vimeo.
We invite parents to join us in partnership as we promote &

########
Rank: 20
Score: 25.13734
Retrieved Text: hd00:47Baby slowly crawling on meadow from. The little baby world. Slow motion. 4k.
hd00:13A child is playing in the field. A little girl is walking in the tall grass. A child in a field of wheat. Slow motion.
hd00:20Little child (girl age 02) playing at home a kid traveler game in a travel suitcase. Children, travel, holiday, vacation and trip concept.
4k00:32Two young sister girls (age 07 and 03) walking in the street together to school.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 25.096668
Retrieved Text: Meadow Montessori offers need-based financial aid for students in our Elementary programs. The goals of our Financial Aid program are: (1) to attract a socio-economically diverse student body, and (2) to provide tuition assistance to families in the school who require it and meet the criteria. Priority for financial assistance goes to families already enrolled in Meadow Montessori. Financial Aid is not currently available for the After School program or the Preschool but subsidies are available through the Ministry of Child and Family Development. Each year the Board designates a portion of the school’s budget to assist families whose financial resources have changed since enrolling or would not otherwise allow them to enroll their children at Meadow Montessori when the school would be of great benefit to the child.
Currently, Meadow Montessori uses Apple Financial Services in Ontario. Apple analyzes financial data provided by the applicant family and provides a need-based financial aid report to the School. Final review of tuition assistance requests are made by the Board, and funds are awarded through the Head of School. Awards are strictly confidential.
Applications for Financial Aid are processed in February for the following academic year; decisions are announced in mid-March. The online application is available at https://applefinancialservices.ca/ . Apple Financial can be reached by phone at (613) 395-9300.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 25.00248
Retrieved Text: When an adult child gets into some kind of criminal trouble, as a parent you're likely to spring into action to give them whatever help you're able to provide. In spite of your surprise and disappointment with their actions, you will probably be the person most eager to sort out their bail bond issues so they don't have to spend weeks in a criminal holding facility until their court appearance. During such a time of emotional upheaval, it's essential to understand the following.
Because they are your child, you might think everyone should give them a chance to prove their innocence or ability to turn things around in a positive way. It's important for you to realize that many people will simply not see it that way, including the bail bondsmen or bonding companies you contact. Every bonding business you talk with is going to need to duly conduct their own research into your adult child to figure out whether they're willing to take on that risk. In some cases they might flat out refuse and you'll have to try another company. To get your child out, you might have to speak with many bondsmen; it's smart to do so as soon as you're aware of the situation.
Once you've gotten a bondsman or company to accept your child's case, you might be expecting them to walk free on bail in a matter of minutes. You might have seen that happen on a favorite TV show. The reality of it is that each jail or facility works differently;

########
Rank: 23
Score: 24.809643
Retrieved Text: Does your child have difficulty paying attention; poor listening, reading or learning skills; or other developmental delays? Auditory processing disorder (APD) is a neurological deficit affecting how the brain processes speech and language. APD is a complex problem that can affect the way a child or individual receives, understands, and uses auditory information. School-aged children with auditory processing weaknesses are unable to process information they hear the same way others can because they experience a lack of coordination between the ear and brain. East Meadow Hearing and Speech Center was founded in 1989 by Shelley Francis, M.S., F.A.A.A., who since 1992 has devoted the practice to understanding, diagnosing, and helping children with auditory processing weaknesses. East Meadow Hearing and Speech Center considers auditory processing weaknesses a piece of the puzzle causing learning problems and other developmental delays that, according to research, can include attention deficit disorder (ADD), dyslexia, apraxia, and autism. East Meadow Hearing and Speech Center believes their daily listening diet can not only help strengthen auditory processing weaknesses, but also help improve a host of learning problems and developmental delays. For a consultation call (516)489-9327.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 24.78622
Retrieved Text: The Pupil Premium is additional funding allocated by the Department for Education (DfE) to publically funded schools in England to raise the attainment of disadvantaged pupils and close the gap between them and their peers.
In the 2017-2018 financial year, schools will receive Pupil Premium funding for each child registered as eligible for free school meals at any point in the last six years. They also receive funding for any child who has been looked after by the local authority or has been adopted from care or left care under a special guardianship order or residence order. Children whose parents are in the armed forces also qualify.
How is the Pupil Premium being used by Kings Meadow Primary School?
Kings Meadow Primary works tirelessly to raise attainment for all pupils and close any achievement gaps.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.728369
Retrieved Text: Peter is a busy little cottontail. Hes hip-hopping down several Whistler trails this Easter Sunday.
His first stop is to the north in Pemberton at North Arm Farm. Theres an easter egg hunt for the kiddies at noon ($3/child) with live bunnies, raffles and a BBQ. The event goes rain or shine.
The fun continues all afternoon at the Meadow Park Sports Centre with an Easter Bunny Skate and Swim. Peter will lace up his skates from 1 to 4 p.m. Face painting, crafts and an egg hunt (3 p.m.) are all included with the regular price of admission to the centre: $3/child; $6/adult; $12/family.
And dont forget to enter the Meadow Park Easter Colouring Contest. The picture and application form can be picked up from the sports centre. The deadline is Sunday afternoon.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 24.623497
Retrieved Text: For mothers living apart from their children, one of the hardest things about Mother’s Day is it’s inevitability. It comes without fail, every year, on a Sunday when most of us don’t have to work and at a time of year when spring hasn’t been here long enough to lift any winter blues we might be experiencing.
Mother’s day can feel inescapable, unavoidable – another ‘should’ day. The society we live in makes us believe that we should be spoilt by our children, that we’re not a worthy mother unless they do. Retailers and restaurants make us feel like we should have money spent on us – flowers, chocolates, Sunday lunch – and that the amount our children (and husband) spend on us, is equal to the amount we are loved by them.
As mothers apart our ‘should’ day might translate to: Our ex or child’s carer should make sure that she/he spends the day with us, our child should give us a present or at the very least, buy or make us a card. Our child should make a fuss of us or be civil to us or, in some cases, should at least speak to us.
When we focus on what should happen we shift the emphasis from ourselves to external factors. We hand over our power to other people. Our happiness is dependent on other peoples’ moods and behaviour.
If you feel you’re heading for a ‘should’ day, how about making this Mother’s Day a ‘could’ day?
A ‘could’ day is one of possibility, a time for you

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.525387
Retrieved Text: An unknown child has left heart-wrenching notes along a street in Greater Manchester begging motorists to drive carefully, after the family cat was killed by a car.
The notes, in a child's handwriting, say: "My cat got killed here. Please go slow animals crossing."
The notes appeared around Old Meadow Lane in Hale.
The display has been dubbed "more powerful than a normal street sign" by a former councillor in the area.
Neil Taylor said: "I spotted them as I was out and about earlier.
"There are about half a dozen of them tied to lampposts and things.
"It's obvious it's a child's handwriting so it really pulls at the heartstrings.
"For me it's more powerful than a normal street sign. A child saying directly that my cat has been killed here and please go slow."
It seems people often just have no regard for their speed on side roads now. I've been saying for years now it's only a matter of time before someone, let alone a cat, is killed.
So hopefully these signs might make some drivers sit up and take notice.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 24.508015
Retrieved Text: The Grove is our state-of-the-art nursery. Nursery care is provided during all services for children birth to age 2. Our nursery provides a warm, caring environment for each child. It is staffed by both paid and volunteer workers. Each nursery class includes a wide variety of playtime activities appropriate for each age group.
You may register your child at one of the two main nursery welcome counters. Children under 16months will register at "The Pond", while children 16 months to 2 years will register at "The Meadow". Each child is assigned a member number that matches the number on the card given to the parent. For any reason, if your child needs your attention during the service, we will send you a text message immediately.
Safety of each individual child is of primary concern in the First NLR nursery.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 24.485365
Retrieved Text: Our CURRICULUM is based on rigorous academic standards, integrated with personalized, student-led education.
Learning OBJECTIVES offer guideposts for the development of core competencies; students are given a variety of ways to demonstrate their mastery of skills and knowledge.
Our ACCREDITED distance learning school is led by experienced teachers who provide attentive, one-to-one support.
We believe it is essential to give children OPPORTUNITIES to engage not only their heads, but their hands and hearts as well.
Students participate in experiential EXPLORATIONS that combine core knowledge, creative problem solving, and artistic skills.
We encourage students to reflect on their learning, build COMMUNICATION skills, and develop a sense of empathy, social responsibility, and Earth stewardship.
Subjects and skills are introduced in a sequence that respects the unique DEVELOPMENTAL needs of children. In the early grades, students engage in an active exploration of the world with wonder and curiosity.
In the middle grades, students explore human accomplishments, conflicts, and RELATIONSHIPS in the larger world.
In high school, students apply their knowledge and skills to MAKE A DIFFERENCE in their communities and the world.
FLEXIBILITY is written into our curriculum to give students the freedom to learn in the way that works best for them.
Varied activities provide OPTIONS for learning and encourage students to connect their learning with their interests.
Our PERSONALIZED LEARNING approach encourages students to take ownership of their learning and develop an academic curiosity that will serve them well throughout their lives.
Do you offer support for parents who homeschool independently?
For families using Oak Meadow’s curriculum independently, we offer our Homeschool Support consultation service and Oak Meadow teacher tutoring

================



======= Instance Index 16 =========
Input Text: A colorful pebble falls on a goldfish, where is the pebble?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- aquarium
- creek
- pet store
- playground
- pond

Target Text: aquarium

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 37.641144
Retrieved Text: It’s simple and delivers notifications, while running a handful of apps. There’s probably only one problem with it, which is also why I haven’t picked one up yet, the design. The original Pebble had a colorful and sporty plastic design with a rubber band that could be swapped with any 22mm standard band around but it just wasn’t as watch-like as other watches from companies like Casio for $100-$200. And this is where the Pebble Steel comes in.
The Pebble Steel has, as you might’ve guessed, an all steel/metal design that’s on par with many non-smart watches in the price range. The whole enclosure is machined CNC milled stainless steel and the Steel comes with two bands out of the box. A professional metal band and a more casual leather band that can be swapped out with each other as needed. The ‘teeth’ that hold the bands in are proprietary and can’t be swapped out with the standard 22mm bands like the original. Pebble released the 3D-printable dimensions online so it shouldn’t be too long before you see other options made available. Pebble has managed to make the watch even thinner than the original, at 10.5mm, while being a heavier, at 99g, for obvious reasons. The front is now covered by Corning Gorilla Glass 2, which Pebble said will be upgraded to GG3 when available. The side has the standard 3 Pebble buttons with a new magnetic connector because it wasn’t possible to pit the old sort of curved one on the Steel. The front also has

########
Rank: 1
Score: 37.49619
Retrieved Text: We Make Ugly Pools Look New!
This pool had plaster problems. The owner didn’t want to continue with painting and high maintenance issues. We recommended a Pebble Finish. Our crew began removing the old plaster to make way for the renovation!
With all the problematic plaster removed, the crew then removed the water line tile for replacement with new tile to compliment the pebble finish!
The pool and spa surfaces are now ready for AE and Sons’ crew to begin installing the durable pebble finish and new tile.
The surrounding pool area is covered and protected while our skilled crew gets to work installing the new, colorful pebble finish!
Our rugged pebble finish is available in a variety of colors to accent your pool and surrounding landscaping. You can expect years of maintenance service with our work!
Our pool resurfacing specialists work the new pebble surface to achieve a rich, natural look... ready for you and your pool guests to enjoy!
New tile was installed to compliment and accent the new pebble finish. The pool can be filled the next day!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 37.344044
Retrieved Text: Fresh off its debut earlier this year, you can now pick up the utility vehicle of Pebble smartwatches for just $150.
The Pebble Time, which packs a colorful e-ink screen, is getting a discount in time for early holiday shopping.
Black Friday is coming up quick and will surely bring plenty of discounts on smartwatches, but eager shoppers will be happy to hear that the Pebble Time smartwatch just got an impressive price drop down to $150 on Amazon and Best Buy.
It's unclear if this is an official price cut, or yet another early holiday shopping deal (Pebble could not be immediately reached for comment). But the discount is likely clearing older inventory as Pebble makes room in the line for its latest smartwatch, the Pebble Time Round. That model, which will debut later this month for $250, is a stylish upgrade with new silver, black or rose gold glass displays that come bundled with a range of strap designs. The other 2015 Pebble model, the Pebble Time Steel, remains priced at $250 as well.
Still, there are plenty of reasons to choose the Pebble Time over the Round, which sacrifices some of the watch's root features for the stylishly small display. For example, the Round lacks water resistance whereas the Pebble Time is protected for up to 30 meters, so you don't have to take it off in a pool or the shower. And the Pebble Time's battery life also outpaces the Round with an additional day of charge over the Round's two-day lifespan.
The good news, though, is

########
Rank: 3
Score: 36.29396
Retrieved Text: Pebble Sheen brand pool finish provides the natural beauty and durability of the original Pebble Tec pool finish, along with a sophisticated refined elegance. A colorful mosaic of tiny pebbles is tightly fused together and then lightly buffed to create a luxurious pool surface that is not only beautifully elegant, but also incredibly strong and stain resistant. Pebble Sheen pool interiors offer a more finely textured feel and have the look of rich granite. It's a pool surface that presents the flexible style you need to design a swimming pool that truly reflects your lifestyle.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 35.541264
Retrieved Text: Two years ago Pebble injected the idea of the smartwatch into the public consciousness; now they’re back with a totally updated model. Does the new Pebble have what it takes to compete in the smartwatch market it helped build?
Their first watch was the Pebble (which we reviewed in 2013), followed by Pebble Steel (which was really more like Pebble 1.1 and not a total revision of the watch). The Pebble Time is definitely Pebble 2.0 and a complete overhaul of the Pebble from the design, to the screen, to the companion apps and app marketplace.
Compared to the Pebble the Time has a host of improvements. The screen is 64-bit color instead of monochrome; while it’s no Retina display (and in fact the same resolution as the older Pebble watches) it is pleasant looking on account of a UI update and superior anti-aliasing.
The case is more compact and the watch is lighter. The design is very understated (in a good way); where the original Pebble was a chunky glossy affair that definitely stood out the new Time just looks like a digital watch. We’re more than OK with the change. As much as we enjoy having conversations with strangers about smart watches, it’s nice to have a watch just look like a watch. The case is made out harder materials (glass with a coated-steel bezel) than the original Pebble (which had a polycarbonate unibody design).
The charging port has been moved to the back of the case instead of the side (to support future “smart” straps with GPS

########
Rank: 5
Score: 35.436684
Retrieved Text: Today we will gather in Los Angeles, where our tour guide will meet you in the Baggage Claim Area of the Los Angeles International Airport (domestic flights) or at the Exit (international flights). From there we will transfer to our hotel for check-in. All who arrive before 2:00pm from International flight or 3:00pm from domestic flights can join an optional Night Tour of the city.
The Lodge At Pebble Beach Gentle sea breezes, meandering coast, surging waves, bizarre rocks, adorable seals and sea lions rest on the beach; world's first-class golf courses stretch beyond shiny multi-million dollar mansions. There's not much better on the planet earth than Pebble Beach. Ocean view is stunning, 5 Golf Grand Slam Tournaments have been held here.
Lone Cypress Symbol of Pebble Beach! This breathtaking stretch of coastline along California's Monterey Peninsula takes visitors through a maze of beautiful scenery, unique wildlife, and amazing mansions.
Bird Rock It is a small island in the west coast of 17 miles scenic area and often frequented by many seabirds.
Perrine Memorial Bridge When it was built way back in 1927, the Perrine Bridge in south-central Idaho was the highest in the world, at about 3,600 feet above sea level. The bridge is still a popular tourist attraction today.
Shoshone Falls Called the "Niagara of the West," this impressive waterfall in Idaho is 25 feet higher than Niagara and has a rim over one thousand feet wide. The flow over the falls is best in the spring.
LA Out: Tours departure on Oct 14 will end in Los Angeles only.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 35.421608
Retrieved Text: Colorful Pebble Stone Resin Beaded Mini Bucket Totes - 8 Colors. Beads bags are so trending this year and we just can't stop them. This cutest mini bucket bag is full of colors resembling those pebble stones at the beach. Made with popular resin beads, these are a one of must have bags for upcoming spring and summer. Carry around town, vacation and to beach. Picnics? Do it!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 35.009716
Retrieved Text: Montana Silversmiths River Lights Rainbow Pebbles Bracelet In the Canyon Colors collection, River Lights pieces echo the dazzling light reflected in the wild rivers and shining in the clear night sky using colored stones set in silver finishes. Show your unique spark with this colorful link bracelet with lobster claw clasp featuring a string of warm and cool colored stones. These small oval shapes set in bright silver finish alternate a rainbow of colors, sure to catch the eye like the bright flashes of light on moving water. Silver plate over a brass base. Colored cubic zirconia stones.
We did not find results for montana silversmiths river lights rainbow pebbles.
The Rainbow Lake chips have been crushed and are angular rather than round. Promotional Results For You.
Crooked Creek Rainbow Rock 1.
Montana Silversmiths A of Cross Earrings. Photos can be affected by lighting photography editing reproduction or printing. Gold Decomposed Granite Silver Grey Decomposed Granite SLO Gold.
Turn on search history to start remembering your searches. It is named after the Amazon River of South America where the first. Pebble Junction has Vanderbilt Full Veneer building Stone straight from the quarry. Pami Pebble Cobble Gravel for sale at wholesale prices with the best deals for delivery. Colorful Pebble Shore Lake In Glacier National Park Montana Pics. Quarried from the rivers of Montana. You open your browser. Please note that this text only version provided for ease of printing and reading includes more than 0 pages and take up to 10 minutes to print Montana Silversmiths Classic Triple Heart Silver Tone

########
Rank: 8
Score: 34.198036
Retrieved Text: The all-in-one website to get the most out of your Pebble watch. There used to be growing concern “what happens to my Pebble when the servers shut down?” Well, the servers have been shut down, but Pebble is still running strong. Why? An awesome group called Rebble is keeping it alive! On this website, find out how to convert your Pebble to Rebble, along with technical support documents, links to our awesome Facebook page with over 6300+ members and counting, links to the new Pebble app store. Want a PebbleJunkies email like bryan@pebblejunkies.com? All this and more! See below!
The history of Pebble, from beginning to end.
This is the new home of Pebble!
The entire app store rescued from Pebble servers!
Get your own PebbleJunkies email address - free!
t-shirts, bumper stickers and more! Shop the unofficial Pebble store!
Where are all the Pebble Junkies? Check it out! Click the icon to find out!
Want to be on the map too? Simply install this app, and let it run in the background.
Meet the entire Pebble family. Every watch that Pebble ever released.
Come and hang out with us on Facebook!
Are you/do you want to be a watch face/app creator? Here’s some links to help you.
Can’t get enough of chatting about Pebble? Here’s another very active forum!
Can’t find your answer on the tech support pages? Join Discord and chat with Pebble/Fitbit developers!
Have something to sell? Do it here!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 33.996265
Retrieved Text: Made from durable high grade resin that won't fade.
The biOrb Pebble Sculptures are designed exclusively for biOrb by the aquatics décor designer, Samuel Baker, this pebble sculpture would be a natural complement to your biOrb aquarium. Pair with autumn or winter ferns for a naturalistic atmosphere or pair with colorful pink and purple kelp for a dynamic setting. With all of the various biOrb plants and décor your choices are virtually endless. Simply slide over the bubble tube in the biOrb. It is easy to fit and remove. The medium sculpture is suitable for 8 gallon / 30 liter biOrbs and larger and is 7.48 inches / 19 cm tall.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 33.981995
Retrieved Text: Storm holders, in their very basic kind are an enclosure around the candle light to protect it from the wind turbine and elements. These types of holders are used as garden and patio decorations where it is hung on pillars or perhaps as table centerpieces because they keep the candle stay living in the wind. These types of members produce a lovely soft light dependent upon the color of the polish used. Custom printed votive candle holders are one more popular kind of holder which is commonly made out of crystal or glass because these substances were easier to work on to etch or imprint points and complex designs. The luster of the crystal was the reason it became a popular method for household décor widely used by the wealthy of the time. Goblet and crystal holders could be cut, stenciled, engraved or perhaps painted to give subtle results. Votive candle holders were originally used to hold candle lights. But nowadays, the humble candlestick holder has been creatively accustomed to become more than just for keeping candle lights. Its use has been wholesale to become party favors, wedding ceremony favors, garden and balcony decorations, table centerpieces and also gifts and home favorite.
Nemiri - Pebble shower floors? just say no! jones sweet homes. All about pebble shower floors and why, despite their popularity, they are not the best choice for a shower floor or your bathroom renovation if you're considering a bathroom renovation and a pebble shower floor is on your wishlist, as always, thank you for

########
Rank: 11
Score: 33.94402
Retrieved Text: Enjoy this beautiful pebble decorated 3 piece bird bath, bowl, or center piece. This will add a nice colorful piece to your garden with just enough water for the little ones. Or it works great as a fruit bowl, or centerpiece for that special desert. It comes in 3 pieces, the base, the decorative collar and then the final pebble bowl to top it off. It measures 14 x 10 inches wide by 8 inches high. If used outdoors will need to be brought in for the winter (freezing) months.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 33.910225
Retrieved Text: Bad Planet Software specializes in developing wearable computing apps for Windows Phone.
Using Pebble Watch Pro now you can receive Calendar, Twitter, Battery, Network and Weather alerts right on your Pebble.
Now you can easily install Watch Faces, Watch Apps and Firmware updates right from a menu in the app. The app now also supports a special selection of Watch Faces with Weather information.
In addition you can control music on your Windows Phone right from the Pebble. Select songs from Playlists, Genres or All songs on your phone and then pause/play, move to the next song or previous song right from the music app on your Pebble.
Using Pebble Watch Lite you can control music on your Windows Phone right from the Pebble.
Select Playlists, Genres or All songs on your phone and then pause/play, move to the next song or previous song right from the music app on your Pebble. You can also test a whole host of Pebble notifications and set the time on the Pebble to match your phone.
Pebble Watch Pro and Pebble Watch Lite work with Windows Phone 8, 8.1 and Windows 10 Mobile.
Pebble Watch Pro works with the Pebble Classic, Pebble Steel, Pebble Time, Pebble Time Steel and Pebble Time Round!
Pebble Watch Pro offers support for all firmware vesions up to 3.14.0 for the Pebble Time, Pebble Time Steel and Pebble Time Round.
Pebble Watch Pro offers support for all firmware vesions up to 3.12.1 for the Pebble Classic and Pebble Steel.
Pebble Watch Pro does NOT support the new Pebble 2 and Pebble Time 2 expected

########
Rank: 13
Score: 33.80495
Retrieved Text: Sea Stone Painted Colorful Owl! Is Painted with High Quality Acrylic Paints on a Natural Stone and Finished with Glossy Varnish Protection.
Painted Stone Pretty Barn Owl for Home Decor! Owl stone art. Hand painted with Acrylic paints and finished with satin varnish protection.
Snowy Owl Hand Painted on Flat Stone! Handmade Owl for Home Decor, Painted with Acrylics and finished with satin varnish Protection.
Owl Magnet Painted Pebble! Is Painted with high quality Acrylic paints and finished with Satin varnish protection.
Boobook Owl Hand Painted on Small Stone! Handmade Owl for Home Decor, Painted with Acrylics and finished with satin varnish Protection.
Cute miniature owl hand painted pebble! Bird painting stone. stone art owl. Painted with Acrylics and coated with transparent satin varnish.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 33.661213
Retrieved Text: As the saying goes…he who be-ith attacked by one-eyed monsters shalt cast the first stone (or something like that right).
Today marks the launch of Pebble Universe, the brain child and inaugural title from the Swedish duo, Itatake. It is a physics-based puzzle game set in a world where adorable peace-loving pebbles are threatened by evil soot-black one-eyed monsters. You see, these dark creatures love Pebble-meat more than anything, and want to devour these cute little bits of stone. Unfortunately for the pebbles, the cyclopic baddies can see through the Pebbles’ stone camouflage, forcing them to go on the offensive to survive, quite literally putting their heads together in a fight for their lives.
In each of the game’s 50 standard levels, players must set one or more pebbles in motion, such that they collide one another, releasing stone shards into the air that will strike and kill the one eyed monsters, you never fire the pebbles at the monsters directly. A level ends either once you’ve killed all of the one-eyed monsters, killed all the “royal” monsters, or run out of pebbles (in which case you lose). You earn a special ribbon for eliminating all of the monsters in a given level and another trophy for reaching a certain per-level point score. There are also five bonus flower levels which are unlocked by finding and collecting a special flower which appears in five of the standard levels. In this bonus fare, your goal is to time the launch of your pebble such that you intersect all three

########
Rank: 15
Score: 33.57732
Retrieved Text: When Pebble launched a Kickstarter campaign for its original smartwatch, the startup met its $100,000 fundraising goal in just two hours, going on to become the most funded campaign in Kickstarter history at the time.
Three years later, Pebble has broken its own impressive record, raising $500,000 in just 17 minutes for its latest watch, the Pebble Time. When I started writing this story, the campaign had amassed $1.9 million in funding. When I finished, it was up to $4.3 million.
This kind of success should come as no surprise to anyone who's been following Pebble since its first campaign. Far from the risky bet it once was, Pebble is now a sizable company, with a sought-after product, sold in mainstream stores like Best Buy and Target. Particularly in these frothy days of 10-digit funding rounds, Pebble would likely have had no problem raising venture capital. The question is: Why even take Pebble Time to Kickstarter?
In a campaign video, Pebble CEO Eric Migicovsky tells potential backers: "We're back on Kickstarter to work directly with you, the community that got us here." And that may well be true. But whether Migicovsky acknowledges it or not, this is also about, well, marketing.
It represents a subtle change in the role of Kickstarter. The crowdfunding service has become a place where companies that are already widely embraced go to market themselves and drum up excitement for new products—excitement that, at times, can overshadow the projects that arguably need Kickstarter's help most.
Kickstarter is still a place for embracing those random ideas. But Pebble

########
Rank: 16
Score: 33.486835
Retrieved Text: stone pebble floor tile glazed porcelain tiles stone pebble mosaic ppmt012 pebble porcelain flooring tiles green mosaic tile kitchen backsplash mosaic tile and stone belle fresh creative design pebble floor tile mosaic tile and stone belle fresh creative design pebble floor tile stone pebbles flooring the.
stone pebble floor tile natural stone pebbles pebble tile the tile home guide using pebble tile is a unique and visually appealing way to add natural beauty to your home whether its for a kitchen backsplash pebble tile shower floor.
stone pebble floor tile mixed pebble mosaicnatural river stone mosaic wall tilespolished pebble floor tilespebble mosaic in meshmulticolor pebble mosaicpebble mosaic for pebble tiles bathroom pebble tiles pebble mosaic pebble mosaics.
stone pebble floor tile stone shower floor stone pebble stone shower floor photo designs pebble stone shower floor pebble stone stone shower floor pebble tile sliced random sized natural stone pebble tile in grey sliced random sized natural stone pebble tile in grey blend.
stone pebble floor tile islander flooring random sized natural stone pebble tile in red sapphire fptredh black and white pebble stonepebbles wash stonefloor tile pebbles black and white pebble stonepebbles wash stonefloor tile pebbles.
stone pebble floor tile pebble stone tile emser tile amp natural stone ceramic and porcelain tiles mosaics mixed pebble mosaicnatural river stone mosaic wall tilespolished mixed pebble mosaicnatural river stone mosaic wall tilespolished pebble floor tilespebble mosaic in meshmulticolor pebble mosaicpebble mosaic for.
stone pebble floor tile stone and pebble floor tile stone bathroom floor island stone perfect pebble floor modern stone bathroom floor love the river

########
Rank: 17
Score: 33.406883
Retrieved Text: These Fruity Pebble Cereal Milk Baked Donuts are soft, baked vanilla cake donuts that are made using Fruity Pebble infused milk, so you get that delicious Fruity Pebble taste in every bite!
Several months ago I discovered a new blog with bright, beautiful pictures of the most tempting confectionary creations! I had found Sweet Menu and its creator, Jessica, whose bright, energetic personality fit her bold, colorful pictures! I am overjoyed to share her (and these donuts) with you today!
Come back, Jess! Come back!
Anyways! I’ll stop chitchatting about how much I love her and let her introduce herself and the most gorgeous donuts that I’ve ever seen. Ever.
Hi! My name is Jess and I blog over at Sweet Menu. I am an Australian food blogger but I specialise in baking American-inspired sweets. I recently returned from a four week adventure across the USA where Lindsey and I met face to face in New York. The time flew by as we chatted about food, blogging and everything in between while I ate freshly baked cookies from her culinary class and she munched on Tim Tams I had brought over from Aus. I am beyond excited to have the chance to guest blog on American Heritage Cooking today. And boy, do I have a treat for you!
When I was in New York, I visited Momofuku Milk Bar and tried their famous Cereal Milk. Have you heard of it before? It was delicious! And yes, it did taste like the milk at the bottom of your cereal bowl. I was

########
Rank: 18
Score: 33.395245
Retrieved Text: After a few teasers, and a countdown on Pebble's site, we now know what they were going to announce. It's Pebble Time. A brand new smartwatch, that they are actually launching on Kickstarter. It's biggest features are the fact that it is now a colored e-paper display, and has even longer battery. Pebble is saying up to a week. Which absolutely kills Android Wear. However Android Wear does have nicer displays and more functionality.
"This is where it all started. Three years ago you supported our vision to make the world's first real smartwatch. The Kickstarter community and our early adopters believed in us before anyone else even knew we existed. You blew us away with your support and kicked off a worldwide movement!"
Much like any other smartwatch out there, you can change the watch face, but now there's more info at a glance then there was on the original Pebble. Which is a pretty big deal. Additionally, you can change your wrist strap like on most other watches too. It uses a 22mm watch strap, so you can replace it with a nice leather one, a steel one, or really any watch strap. The Pebble Time comes in black, white and red this time around.
The Pebble Time will set you back $159. And on Kickstarter their prices start at $159 and go up from there. According to Kickstarter it looks like the Pebble Time will be available in May of this year, so we've got a few more months to wait. It's a pretty decent looking

########
Rank: 19
Score: 33.344063
Retrieved Text: Search all Pebble Beach ocean front real estate listings for sale in Pebble Beach on one easy to use website. This page shows the most recent Pebble Beach Ocean View Home for sale in Pebble Beach, CA 93953.
Pebble Beach is known for having some of the most incredible ocean front views in all of California. The scenic beauty of Pebble Beach, CA is mesmerizing and diverse as the year goes by. Real estate near Stillwater Cove offers home owner’s true ocean front views of Carmel Bay and Point Lobos with the waves gently lapping on the rocky shoreline on and sand most of the year. However in the wintertime, the ocean front in Pebble Beach will change dramatically and with the right storm in the south Pacific Ocean can produce one of the largest and most dangerous surf spots in the world! Although this is a very rare occurance, Ghost Tree, as it is called has legendary status in the surf world with waves as high as 80 feet!
Pebble Beach homes near the Lodge have some incredible ocean front lots looking down at the Pebble Beach Golf Links, the Beach Club, Point Lobos and Stillwater Cove. These are the most valuable ocean front propeties in all of Pebble beach as they sit inside the sancuary of Stillwater Cove. The picturesque rocky shoreline of Point Lobos with large winter waves crashing into it is an incredible ocean view that can't be seen anywhere else in the world.
Pebble Beach ocean front homes are also located from Pescadero Point

########
Rank: 20
Score: 33.335583
Retrieved Text: After several days of rumours, speculation and an accidental official image leak, Pebble is finally ready to show off its new smartwatch for the first time.
The Pebble Time is set to take on the Apple Watch and Android Wear devices head-to-head as it's the first in the company's line up to feature a colour screen. But as it utilises full colour e-paper technology, battery life doesn't suffer. Indeed, Pebble claims that the Pebble Time will have a battery life of up to seven days with each charge.
Other new features over the original Pebble and Pebble Steel include a built-in microphone to send voice replies to incoming notifications or compose voice notes. It is also water resistant, so you can swim or take showers wearing the Pebble Time.
The watch is thinner than the original Pebble - 20 per cent thinner in fact. And it is also compatible with iPhone and Android smartphones, although you will need iOS 8 or above on your Apple device. All Android 4.0 and above smartphones are supported.
The Pebble Time has a new version of the Pebble operating system pre-installed that organises notifications, weather, news, travel and reminders chronologically. That way you can easily see what's coming up next at the press of one button. And you can scroll back to see anything you might have missed.
It is fully compatible with all Pebble apps and watchfaces, while new, dedicated software is planned, with the company working with partners such as The Weather Channel, ESPN, Jawbone, Evernote and Pandora in the US. The new

########
Rank: 21
Score: 33.286198
Retrieved Text: Another company backs out of the Pebble mine: How many strikes before Pebble's out?
Yet another company backed out of the proposed Pebble mine project on May 25. First Quantum Minerals and Northern Dynasty Minerals, the Canadian company behind Pebble, could not agree on a proposed partnership deal revealed in December 2017.
This is not the first time major mining companies have walked away from Pebble. Rio Tinto abandoned the project in 2014 and Anglo American withdrew in 2013. Teck Cominco sold in 2001, without retaining any interest, and Mitsubishi got out in 2011. Notice a pattern?
This time, First Quantum had even more information—a permit application that proves Pebble cannot protect fish and a bevy of Pebble promises.
But a sales job can never make a bad project good. These huge mining companies know that the Pebble project is a bad deal and a bad investment. There’s a reason a New York investment firm called Pebble “worthless”.
With salmon returning and the fishing season underway, it’s always a good day in Bristol Bay, but the news of First Quantum’s departure makes it even better. People in the region have been fighting the mine for decades.
Many of Alaska’s decision makers haven’t taken a clear stand on the Pebble mine, but Gov. Bill Walker told Homer residents that he’s “fish first” when answering questions during a meeting last week.
Three companies have backed out of the Pebble project in the last five years, and several others sold all interests, every penny, before that.
The proposed Pebble mine would cause catastrophic harm to Alaska salmon

########
Rank: 22
Score: 33.218384
Retrieved Text: Pebble took to Kickstarter to fund its next-generation smartwatch, shattering its funding target just hours into the process.
The company was looking to raise $500,000, but by 10am today (25 February) the total had passed $8 million. The first 10,000 backers could get Pebble Time for $159, which then increased to $179 – regular retail price will be $199.
Pebble explained its return to Kickstarter – where it originally funded its first product – by stating: “Even though we’ve grown tremendously since then, we’re still a small company battling some of the largest competitors in the world.” It has shipped 1 million products to date.
Pebble Time has “a new timeline interface”, a colour e-paper display, and microphone to respond to notifications. It also offers up to 7 days of battery life, water resistance and customisability, and supports all the existing “6,500+” Pebble apps and watchfaces.
The company said that compared with other display technologies such as OLED or LCD, e-paper displays minimise power consumption, enabling it to maintain its power consumption. The device is also 20 per cent thinner than the original Pebble smartwatch.
Pebble’s timeline interface is accompanied by three buttons, for “past” (for example missed emails, step counts), present, and future (calendars and alarms). Timeline will also work with existing Pebble and Pebble Steel devices in future.
Development of the device is “nearly complete”, Pebble said, with watches featured on its Kickstarter page built on its production line.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 33.080673
Retrieved Text: The Pebble smartwatch has just received a firmware update to version 2.2. As a result, Pebble owners can now control the volume of music coming from the timepiece on their wrist. While in the music app,hold down the select button to launch the volume controls. The update also allows you to re-order the apps in the launcher menu. Once again, holding the select button is the key to your freedom.
Other changes include the redesign of the aforementioned music app. A track progress bar has been added so that you can see how long a song has to run. Issues with the app's layout have been taken care of. For those who have been having trouble getting up in the morning, the alarm will now vibrate for 10 minutes instead of the previous 1 minute. And what would an update be without the usual bug fixes and stability improvements.
Those using their Pebble with an Apple iPhone not only need to update the Pebble firmware to version 2.2, they also have to update the iOS Pebble app to version 2.2.This update will support the music control buttons found in the firmware update, and will also support iBeacon. In addition, Bluetooth LE can be set up to allow the Pebble wearer know when he is close to an iOS user.
The Pebble Firmware update can be found once you open the Pebble smartphone app. The iOS Pebble app update is found in the Apple App Store.
I'm trying out a Pebble smart watch accessary for the next 30 days. I can

########
Rank: 24
Score: 33.0515
Retrieved Text: Using Watson’s ability to learn from locals, Pebble Beach is helping make a culturally relevant destination even more relevant to guests and visitors, while allowing Pebble Beach to discover untapped revenue streams through push alerts in the app.
Pebble Beach and 17-Mile Drive have a storied tradition as a bucket-list destination. But as they aim to attract a new generation of younger and more tech savvy travelers, this has increased expectations for how to create a more engaging and personalized journey.
By tapping into the cognitive technology of IBM’s Watson Conversation API, the Virtual Concierge allows guests to use natural language to get more relatable answers for requests like “Where can I get a burger?” or “I need a souvenir for my daughter.” The technology uses frame-based dialoguing, where several options are presented versus command-and-response. This natural dialogue helps users discover more unexpected and personal experiences, and helps increase awareness of more Pebble Beach businessesand properties.
Additionally, Pebble Beach and IBM deployed IBM Planning Analytics to help Pebble Beach manage its retail operation with smarter and quicker data analysis. With IBM Planning Analytics in the IBM Cloud, Pebble Beach has been able to capture a more accurate view of its retail operations and plan future merchandising decisions to boost the shoppingexperience, reduce costs and generate increased sales.
IBM’s Watson Conversation API uses natural language and insights from locals to create a virtual concierge that helps guests discover the many dining, drinking and shopping options throughout the Pebble Beach properties that they may have otherwise never come across.
Creates strategies and design-centric

########
Rank: 25
Score: 33.043983
Retrieved Text: Since the launch of Apple’s Smart Watches; the market has literally been bombarded with different companies trying to follow the trend! Now although, it is actually good for the common man (because Apple still remains a luxury item), but with so many options becoming available, it is also becoming hard–as–hell for a person to make a choice!
Competing in the same bracket; we have a company called Pebble!
Now don’t be mistaken; Pebble is no similar to the “crowd”! If anything, Pebble has a track record of developing one of the best smart watches with unmatchable performance and works with both – iOS 8 and Android.
Pebble, as a company; began in the year 2012 with a primary goal of “being a watch first and then being smart!” Since then & till date; the original Pebble remains the third most-funded project in Kick starter’s history.
In addition to that; Pebble has released yet another version – Pebble Time, which again “is not similar to the premium Apple Watch,” and is just a better-looking, better-functioning version of the original Pebble!
Shockingly, since Pebble’s announcement of the new ‘Pebble Time’; the watch has managed to raise a Whooping $16M+ in Kickstarter sales from 65,743 backers within just a week and still has 20 more days to go.
Pebble Time at heart, is the new colour e-paper display watch, which has an easy to read, always-on, an extremely user friendly display for incoming notifications and blissful watch face.
Launched on Kickstarter; Pebble Time is currently available for $179 which will later increase to $199 otherwise and

########
Rank: 26
Score: 32.973015
Retrieved Text: Mining Pebble Crusher Co Ltd is the selection of comminution circuits Types and Pebble Crusher Mining testrig pebble crushing mining news and commentary.
Pebble crusher,Pebble crushing plant for pebble aggregate PEBBLE CRUSHING Mining News and Commentary MINING . PEBBLE CRUSHING mining news.
» portable roller mill panama panama » coal vertical grinding mill tungsten mining news and commentary MINING . Tungsten mining news.
What is a Pebble Mill and How it Grinds Mining & Metallurgy. and the use of pebble crushing depending on the ore characteristics and the mill. Chat online.
Pebble Mine Mining News and Commentary MINING Pebble Mine mining news. Explore related Pebble Mine articles for more information on the Pebble Mine mining industry.
crusher for pebble miningjgzumahigh.za. crusher for pebble mining. Australia's Mining Monthly Mining news and commentary from around the globe.
Gold Ore Pebble Crusher. spring cone crasherbest solution for mining ore crushing. MINING. Mining news and commentary from around the globe.
pebble crushing mining news and commentary. Ball Crushing For Gold Mine South Africa. Mining News and Commentary and ball milling including a recycle pebble crusher.
Mining News and Investment Topics Mining news topics from MINING. The latest news on mining, mines and mineral properties, mining companies and metal prices.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 32.931156
Retrieved Text: Published 04/26/2019 08:58:31 am at 04/26/2019 08:58:31 am in Floor Patio.
floor patio brick outdoor floor kitchen patio covered fireplace outdoors built in how to build a brick patio this old house youtube how to build a brick patio this old house.
cool patio floor ideas for outdoor diy wood looking stamped concrete patio, epoxy pebble patio floor naturalstonefx projects in patio epoxy pebble patio floor, top outdoor tile ideas trends for patio with a raised tile floor by italfloor, how to build a brick patio this old house youtube how to build a brick patio this old house, concrete coatings outdoor living, indooroutdoor patio with colorful painted concrete floor indooroutdoor patio before makeover, fantastic patio flooring ideas concrete, indooroutdoor patio with colorful painted concrete floor , diy cool creative patio flooring ideas garden pinterest diy cool creative patio flooring ideas , sunroom flooring options ideas sandstone aluminum frame sunroom with glass roof panels, other rentals event rentals party rentals bounce houses tents dance floors.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 32.804375
Retrieved Text: Hip Hip…It’s watermelon season! It’s basically the best late night snack in the Summer. A big bowl of cold watermelon from the fridge is the best! If you don’t consume it all in one sitting, you should make this…sparkling watermelon lemonade.
We’ve shared a bunch of watermelon ideas here, from popsicles to frozen watermelon lemonade, you really can’t go wrong, but this drink is tops when it comes to refreshing summer drinks. We made a quick little video to show you how easy it is to make at home!
You know those cute drink dispensers with the spout on the bottom that are popular right now? I love how they look, but the one thing they are missing is the ice. Every good drink needs lots of tiny crunchy pebble ice, don’t you think? You know the kind you can buy in a big bag from Sonic?! It’s the BEST!
To serve this drink, you only need a half gallon size or a gallon size glass jar like this. They are super cheap. Plus I love the straight up sides of the glass walls, because you can get creative with the presentation and add slices of lemon and watermelon to really show off the fun colors of this drink.
Make the ultimate summer drink: Sparkling Watermelon Lemonade and don't forget the pebble ice.
Blend the watermelon chunks, until smooth. Press watermelon juice through a strainer and catch all the juice in a bowl, and discard whatever doesn’t make it through the strainer.
In a medium sized sauce pan add the watermelon juice

########
Rank: 29
Score: 32.801582
Retrieved Text: Published 04/20/2019 12:20:33 pm at 04/20/2019 12:20:33 pm in Pebble Tile For Shower Floor.
pebble tile for shower floor pebble floor tile pebble floor tile shower a warm spring rain pebble tile shower pan pebble tile shop best pebble tile for shower floor pebble floor tile tile for shower floor houses flooring picture pebble floor tile best shower pebble tile and stone tile ideas images on pebble tiles bathroom pebble floor tile pebble shower.
stone pebbles floor tile the tile shop stone and pebble floor tile, pebble floor shower wallacemusicinfo tile shower floor pebble , pebble tile shower pebble tile shower floor pebble tile shower pebble tile shower pebble tile shower floor pebble tile shower pictures, polished black pebble tile shower floor picture polished black pebble tile shower floor, shower floor tile lowes tile flooring brick wall garden beds of shower floor tile lowes tile flooring brick wall garden beds of shower related post pebble tile shower floor lowes, pebble tile shower floor cleaning haminikanco pebble tile shower images about tile on showers and pebble tile shower inside tile for shower, pebble tile shower floor lowes ready base pan large size of bases pebble tile shower floor lowes ready base pan large size of bases kits x bathrooms winsome, pebble shower floor pros and cons pebble tile shower floor pebble pebble shower floor pros and cons pebble flooring realistic water pebble floor tile decorative painting wallpaper , pebble tile shower floor fin soundlab club installation of pebble pebble tile shower floor fin soundlab club installation of pebble tile,

================



======= Instance Index 17 =========
Input Text: A common saying, Sam thought, was to go forth, also this.
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- reverse
- backwards
- back and
- back and
- tally back

Target Text: back and

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 24.569172
Retrieved Text: Sorry pinnypinny that wasn’t “Sam” (1966 World contest was). When you mentioned Nat at Honolua Bay in the Hot Generation, I could see Nat it my mind carving that vee bottom in relatively large waves. Finally the vee bottom got some credit. Before that, with McTavish spinning out at Sunset, most folk thought the Vee’s where a joke. My opinion, Nat could probably ride an oversized plastic fast food serving tray! The film of Nat’s rides on that day were viewed at the local High schools and most all of us sat there mouths a gasp. If you didn’t have one (Vee) you soon would.
After seeing the fixed snap on that board I quickly sold my 7’-11” stringless and with the cash made a reverse tee ban 6’-6” with a big old greenough fin. Rode it to its death overhead + to knee knockers.
I could go on about what else Mr. Young did for us, that’s another story. I forgot to mention Neal Purchase and please forgive me. Like I said, in researching vee bottoms (I plan on making a replica as most the old vees just got trashed). But Neal’s “Virgin” is the example that is the closest as a period piece in my mind.
Enjoy the photos! Thanks Nat, Bob, Neal and George.
His operation was initially based under the Manhattan Beach Pier, but by 1949 he had outgrown it. And from his belly we sprang forth.
NP is the quite achiever of Aus surfing.....still a regular in the line-up , and only retired from shaping a

########
Rank: 1
Score: 24.119411
Retrieved Text: In a humorous adventure, Sam and Amos learn how trading can help them get the things they want.
Interested in using this resource in your classroom? Check out the posters that go along with this book: Economic Wants, Goods & Services, Trade & Money.
What did Amos Dryer trade to get the magical bearhide?
Explain the value of each item to its new owner.
Amos wanted the bearhide because it would look pretty nailed to the smokehouse door. Sam wanted the gourd because he thought it should be worth something.
Who benefits when people make a voluntary trade?
Both people, since each gives up something he values less to gain something he values more.
Describe the second trade between Amos and Sam.
Amos traded his talking crow for half of Sam's gold.
Why wasn't Sam satisfied with the second trade?
He couldn't understand what the crow was saying. That is, he really didn't get what he thought he was getting!
What is the special word we use to describe trade without using money?
On the last trade between Amos and Sam, Amos received money. What did Sam receive and why did he want it?
The magical bearhide to help him understand the talking crow.
What goods did Amos purchase for his wife with his gold (money) that he received from trading the bearhide?
A whole lot of pretties and a shiny new aluminum water dipper.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 23.148575
Retrieved Text: Many of the Big Brother 20 houseguests are breathing a sigh of relief after today’s POV (Power of Veto) Ceremony.
Brett Robinson, the Veto winner, took himself off the block.
Fessy (Faysal Shafaat), the HoH (Head of Household), nominated Kaycee Clark in his place.
As it stands now, either Kaycee or Scottie Salton will be heading to the jury house this week.
Tanning outside on the live feeds, Brett and Angela Rummans talked.
“August 20th, Day 62, Brett uses the Power of Veto on himself,” said Brett narrating his own day.
“Do you think she (Sam Bledsoe) is going to freak out now?” Angela asked.
“So, I guess Scottie never had an app then or it expired,” Angela speculated.
Brett thinks it expired. They both agreed they were nervous an app power would pop up and ruin everything. Brett had a suspicion Faysal wanted to backdoor him or Tyler Crispen. Brett claims he has been playing Scottie and Faysal the whole week.
Angela said Scottie told her that Haleigh Broucher and Rockstar (Angie Lantry) talked trash about her behind her back.
“Basically, he was saying s—t to get people to fight so he could go back and say…This person said they hated you!” said Angela.
Brett told Angela the other night Sam and Scottie tried to convince him to use the Power of Veto on Scottie.
“They actually pitched you that?” laughed an incredulous Angela.
Angela said Sam thought she was dumb and tried to get her to push for Haleigh to be nominated.
Tyler Crispen joined the conversation and had an update about Sam.
“Never mind, I am not going

########
Rank: 3
Score: 23.115414
Retrieved Text: This is a charming (and sometimes tense) story about an eccentric old man with regrets. It’s striking, because many would call him a hero. He eschews that appellation, saying that there were real heroes in WWII, and he was only doing what he was told to do. This is a role made for Sam Elliott (playing Calvin Barr, a man of few words and deep thoughts), who draws out every conversation, every scene, as long as possible to instill maximum emotional impact.
Writer/director Robert D. Krzykowski has chosen to alternate back and forth between the experiences of the young Calvin, played by Aidan Turner, and older Calvin, played by Sam Elliott. The younger has been undercover in the WWII Nazi military with a special mission, to kill Hitler. The older Calvin lives in the same town, same house as the younger. But he has long been home from the war, still grieving the loss of his pre-war beloved (Caitlin FitzGerald).
At first, he refuses; but this is a man who is still questioning his first “kill.” Yet, he is torn because of his position of being honorable in all things. Will he go when he is called as an old man to fight yet another fight? Or will he cling to his basic principles?
The film is engaging and entertaining, and Sam Elliott is mesmerizing (with Aidan Turner expertly and convincingly playing his younger self). The plot is interesting and fanciful, yet it doesn’t quite hit that “sweet spot” where reality, fantasy, and inspiration come together. Perhaps if the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 23.088806
Retrieved Text: 'Into The Groove' is an important release for collectors as it is the first 12" single pressed with its own customised inner sleeve and printed 'SAM 251' labels. Backed by 'Holiday', this is by far the most desirable of all Madonna's 12" promotional singles and can sell for anything up to £150!
There are actually four different 12" promotional discs for 'Into The Groove'. In addition to the above, there is a blank white label, also with a 'SAM 251' catalogue number in the run out grooves, which features the same three tracks that appear on the normal commercial 12".
A third 12" was issued with the same tracks but a slightly amended catalogue number which included the letter 'T' after 'SAM 251' which is a common addition to 12" catalogue numbers. This also comes with an interesting press release which tantalisingly states a remix from 'Sanny X' was on the way. This remix subsequently appeared on the September DMC 'Mixes' LP, a promo only service for registered DJs. See the DMC page: 'Guest Appearances - 1985'.
Finally, the forth white label duly appeared with a later catalogue number - SAM 259T - on customised labels which at least helped to distinguish this particular pressing. However, while the label stated it to be a 'remix' the contributor of this item confirms that the track is just the regular track and not a remix.
All of the above white labels are rare with the latter three selling for up to £100.
Surprisingly, for such an 'event' single, the promotional advert was limited

########
Rank: 5
Score: 22.98134
Retrieved Text: Our bellies were full and our feet were aching by the time we got home but it was such a fun day out with the best company!
Is it just us or does life seem to be really serious and challenging right now?
We’d also realised that a cycling event was going on which made it difficult to meet up initially but as we were walking everywhere, this didn’t become a problem.I knew of a few walking trails along the south coast near Brighton and was originally planning to take us there, but then, with the weather so gorgeous, I thought that a hike along the beach itself would be nice as we could even go for a little swim.We started a bit further up the coast from Brighton and had a really lovely wander.Now, I’ve always wanted to go to the Dungeons, despite it being an absolute tourist trap.However saying that, this is probably the best one where you get good value for your money.
Unfortunately, the ones me, Sam and Elliott wanted didn’t have the word in.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 22.495749
Retrieved Text: Who else thought it was just…meh?
Okay, so from the get-go we all knew that demons could be cured with blood, but I always hoped because it was the Mark of Cain, it wasn’t going to be so easy to get Dean back to normal. For a second there, I really thought the writers were going to do something different, and I was like ‘yes! They didn’t take the easy way out’…but they did…bummer.
I know Dean isn’t 100% Dean, he’s still got the Mark, and are they going to go after Crowley? or get the First Blade back to kill him? I don’t know. From pictures of the next few episodes, Dean is still wearing black i.e. black shirt or a full on black suit and shirt, not exactly what old Dean would have worn, so hopefully it isn’t all daisies and he’s still twisted.
I like the scenes in the bunker in this episode, I felt like we didn’t get to see enough of that place and I like seeing it all as they chased one another.
Is it just me, or do the character don’t feel like their characters anymore? I mean, in other episodes when Castiel came in and saved Dean I would have been screaming DESTIEL. But now, I don’t feel it. Not even with the scene with the two of them in the room. I just don’t feel it. Even when Sam was on the phone to Cas saying he’s killing Dean…I didn’t feel a sodden thing. -scratches head- Maybe it’ll change because we’ll

########
Rank: 7
Score: 22.187275
Retrieved Text: FOR those hoping that the exit of Sam Uzodinma Nnogo from the gospel group, Infinity, will be an opportunity to join them in making up for the absence of the Edo-State member, Joseph Okougbo, another member, has declared there's "No Vacancy" for anybody.
Following the exit of Sam to pursue a solo career, reports had it that the group was looking fo another to join so the void could be filled, but Joe has denied the report, saying the group was OK and didn't need anyone to add to the number again.
“We don't have the plans of replacing Sam, the thought has not crosssed our mind,” he said.
He also said it wa not true that it was Ken that left the group, “that was where they got it wrong, it was not Ken, but Sam.
members of Infinity groupFor now, the group has returned to studio working on their second album which will soon be released.
“We are sure to come out before the end of this year. Basically, it will be a single and we will make sure it enjoys air play before we come out with the entire album early next year,” Joe informed.
Joe also assured that no member “would leave again” as the remaining members have pledged to weather the storm together.“But if Sam wants to come back, he has to do so through all members, not me alone. When he left, he didn't tell just a member, he told all.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 22.091518
Retrieved Text: ST. LOUIS - Michael Sam dismissed the thought that his sexuality has cost him a spot in the NFL.
"I don't like to think that way," Sam said in an Oprah Winfrey Network documentary that aired Saturday night. "But I do believe I'm a very talented football player and I'm going to continue working hard and try to get that opportunity to play in the league."
"It didn't need to be public," Sam said. "Why do gay people have to do it?"
The production was billed as the player's first TV appearance since being cut by the Dallas Cowboys in mid-October and played like a personal "Hard Knocks." The 90-minute program was followed by a one-on-one with Winfrey, who asked Sam whether he believed sexual orientation is hurting his chances, and how long he'd keep trying.
The documentary details countless anxious hours during the NFL draft, which Sam called "the longest three days of my life." The New York Jets telephoned his agents to say they weren't interested, and the Cowboys texted to say they were out, too.
"In that moment, I was like 'I don't care what happens. I made the right choice to come out,'" Sam said.
Sam kissed and hugged Cammisano and then the two smashed cake in each other's faces as a national television audience looked on.
"Some say the kiss, the cake, it was all just too much," Winfrey said in the voiceover prom for the program. "Some say he wasn't good enough. Others say he should have never come out, one saying during the introduction to the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 22.035069
Retrieved Text: He was quiet all through dinner, lost in thoughts and worries of how Dean was going to react. Dean kept shooting him worried looks and trying to engage him over their meal. Delphine jumped in several times to distract Dean with talk of the research they’d accomplished on the mechanics of re-opening Lucifer’s Cage. She offered to do the dishes and shooed them away, shooting Sam an encouraging smile.
He sat with Dean on the small couch where they kept the bar cart, drinking whisky out of the beautiful cut-glass tumblers. Not saying anything, just enjoying maybe the last bit of peace he’d have with his brother for a while.
“Why are you so damn jumpy tonight?” Dean asked, getting up to refill their glasses.
Dean’s eyebrows went up, but he didn’t say anything, just sat back down next to Sam and sipped from his whisky glass.
Dean set his glass down and took the bag from Sam. His eyes went wide as he felt the weight of it, the shape of the thing inside. He pulled the black cord and the amulet out and held it up swaying between them.
Sam nodded, heart in his throat, he couldn’t tell if Dean was mad or sad or what.
Dean put it over his head with hands that Sam could see were shaking, with anger or some other strong emotion. It wasn’t until Dean raised his head again that Sam could see it for what it really was, Dean’s smile was brilliant, clear and untroubled for the first time in six years, it

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.73208
Retrieved Text: Let's talk facials shall we?
Now some people would be surprised to know that although I spend a considerable amount of time researching, buying and trying new skincare products, when it comes to facials I'm actually a bit of a novice! Having had only a handful in the skincare-obsessed part of my life! I'm not sure why this is actually? I guess I've always thought I could get the same sort of results at home. How wrong could I be?!
So recently, I was lucky enough to be invited by the gorgeous Sam at Luxe Beaute to try an Elemis Advanced Performance Facial - specifically the Pro-Collagen Age Defy Facial at her brand new salon in Penarth. It's based within 'Lana Boutique' and is right in the centre of Penarth, close to all the shops. If you live in South Wales you simply must pay her a visit! Such a relaxing retreat, if I had my way I'd be here every day!
Sam has an extensive background in the beauty and skincare industry and is an Elemis specialist. In addition to this Sam also has a degree in her chosen profession and lectures when she's not running her own business, so let's just say she knows her shiz!
Anything that is age-defying is my thang! If you have other specific needs though for your skin Sam also provides a range of Elemis facials to target different problems. If you're unsure, I'm sure she'd be happy to advise!
I was surprised (and pleased!) that this facial includes lots of different stages and

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.655642
Retrieved Text: Food for thought there. I discussed it over the phone with my friend Lucy, who had first suggested the idea to me of a column about popular sayings applicable to the game of poker – while we enjoyed lunch at Canter’s Deli on Fairfax. Recall?
Tom did not offer any specific examples, so before contacting Lucy I did my research. According to Wikipedia, “a silver lining is a metaphor for optimism… which means every negative occurrence has a positive aspect to it.” How might this apply to the game of poker? The dark cloud represents the gloom after being rivered and losing a monster pot. The silver lining is to remind you it could just as well go the other way next time. You catch the card that gives you the best hand and wins the pot.
As you play poker, you are bound to encounter many such instances. Sure, it always hurts to lose a big pot, especially when your opponent puts a bad beat on you. He got lucky. But remember, good luck runs both ways. Sooner or later – preferably sooner – you will be the recipient of the good luck. It may not seem that way at the moment, especially when you seem to be stuck in a bad-luck snake pit.
The laws of probability are sacred; eventually it will even out. Have patience.
Then Lucy added, “Of course there may be situations when raising might be the wrong way to play that hand. But all in all, it certainly is a viable option to seriously

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.514904
Retrieved Text: ‘Take heed, and hearken, O Israel; this day thou art become the people of the Lord thy God. Thou shalt therefore obey the voice of the Lord thy God, and do his commandments.’ Deut 27: 9, 10.
It is not enough to hear God’s voice, but we must obey. Obedience is a part of the honour we owe to God. ‘If then I be a Father, where is my honour?’ Mal 1: 6. Obedience carries in it the life-blood of religion. ‘Obey the voice of the Lord God,’ and do his commandments. Obedience without knowledge is blind, and knowledge without obedience is lame. Rachel was fair to look upon, but, being barren, said, ‘Give me children, or I die;’ so, if knowledge does not bring forth the child of obedience, it will die. ‘To obey is better than sacrifice.’ 1 Sam 15: 22. Saul thought it was enough for him to offer sacrifices, though he disobeyed God’s command; but ‘to obey is better than sacrifice.’ God disclaims sacrifice, if obedience be wanting. ‘I spake not unto your fathers concerning burnt offerings, but this thing commanded I them, saying, Obey my voice.’ Jer 7: 22. Not but that God did enjoin those religious rites of worship; but the meaning is that he looked chiefly for obedience — without which, sacrifice was but devout folly. The end why God has given us his laws, is obedience. ‘Ye shall do my judgements, and keep mine ordinances.’ Lev 18:4. Why does a king publish an edict, but that it may be

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.471296
Retrieved Text: Bachelor Blake Garvey has spoken to Woman’s Day magazine about his decision to end his relationship with winner Sam Frost.
But his comments will raise questions about the edit of the finale that was presented to viewers.
“Being back in reality, in a long-distance relationship, having unfiltered contact and really getting to know each other more,” he said.
“It highlighted that Sam is someone I absolutely love and care for but not in the way of a romantic partner. I realised there was a change over the six weeks – the chemistry changed.
Viewers who watched a proposal air on Thursday night’s finale will curious about when the relationship ended.
It raises questions about whether the finale should have edited out the proposal and simply left it with his choice of winner, which would have been a fairer account of events.
Sam Frost told the magazine, “I burst into tears to be honest. I’m so numb at the moment. Just trying to process it all.
While the show has attracted plenty of interest, the fallout could also raise concerns about whether the audience is ready to buy into the brand again in 2015.
Both Blake and Sam will speak to The Project tonight.
When similar things have happened on the US series, hasn’t the jilted/mistreated/heratbroken woman gone on to be The Bachelorette ?
I think it is fair enough that the proposal was shown, it did happen even though they broke up soon after. And it wasn’t like they put a blurb after the proposal saying they are still happily together. I don’t know, maybe I’m

########
Rank: 14
Score: 21.398716
Retrieved Text: I was immediately attracted to this novel. From its poetic title to its symbolic book cover and book description. My instincts were right.
I was immediately attracted to this novel. From its poetic title to its symbolic book cover and book description. My instincts were right. Of Stillness and Storm is full of depth, rich in character with an expat and missionary setting that pulls you in from the first page and doesn't let go until the last page, leaving you spent with conflicting emotions.
Lauren is a dutiful and supportive wife to Sam, her missionary husband who is living his dream of helping tribes in remote areas of Nepal. He is usually gone for three weeks at a time into these remote regions while Lauren and their thirteen-year-old son Ryan make the best of their expat life without him every time he's gone. Ryan, who never wanted to leave his home is resentful, withdrawn and brimming with unleashed anger. Lauren is torn between supporting Sam and trying to be a good mother to Ryan.
Their lives begin to unravel when Aiden, a friend from Lauren's life connects with her on Facebook. A friend from her past, from her teen years who "gets" her and understands her. As Lauren becomes distracted with her own unmet needs and Sam refuses to acknowledge that his absence and obsession is tearing his family apart, Ryan is left to deal with his loneliness and misery. The stillness with become a storm.
I loved reading this book. Michèle Phoenix's writing style is beautiful, lyrical and

########
Rank: 15
Score: 21.37456
Retrieved Text: Ok another discussion on the latest in and around the offshore gambling industry.
As we the online gaming community know that offshore gambling has been on the hot seat as of late. A major blow against Uncle Sam recently took place as a judge ruled in favor of the Antigua government stating that they were abiding by all rules and regulations and could continue business as normal. In my opinion it seems that if a company is really successful and continues to grow exponentially then our government definitely wants a hand in it. Also make note that if for someone reason the government fails to gain access to the operations then all measures to control or worse shut down the business in question takes place.
Now I am not saying what and how the government handles its affairs is exercised the wrong way, I just think it’s unfair the way they do it. If a company or business follows laws set forth by that country then what is the problem here. There was a time when overnight gambling outfits would come and go by morning leaving the novice player at best out of money. This would never happen nowadays with the offshore gambling monitor websites, as their sole purpose is to show who is legit or not. Also a cautious player will always investigate the Internet casino first where they plan on playing with or you will just be throwing away your money. Remember folks the key is find a reputable online casino who has a history of

########
Rank: 16
Score: 21.206343
Retrieved Text: I’m going to break from my usual format for this review, and instead of analyzing the details of this episode that no one cares about, I’m going to focus mostly on these two thoughts.
Sam and Dean have issues. I think there are two levels to what we’re seeing here – the emotional fallout from a betrayal of trust, and a fundamental difference in philosophy (which I’ll dig into in the second section). But first, I want to address the emotional part.
Despite what Sam is currently saying, Sam and Dean are brothers, and family does lash out at each other in hurtful ways to degrees where politer friendships wouldn’t dare to go. While Sam inserted the knife last week, saying they could hunt together but wouldn’t be brothers, this week he turned it. Sam reminded and reaffirmed that they are not brothers anymore, suggested Dean keeps swooping in to save Sam because Dean can’t be alone, and finally said that if the circumstances were the same, he wouldn’t have done the same thing (tricked Dean into becoming possessed to save him).
We mostly see Supernatural through Dean’s eyes. The first half of the season, while Dean was making the deal with the angel he presumed to be Ezekiel, we saw mostly Dean’s perspective and the guilt he was feeling. He knew he was doing something Sam wouldn’t want, and that Sam would eject the angel if he knew the truth. We also saw Dean express that he didn’t have a choice, and that he was doing what he

########
Rank: 17
Score: 21.181463
Retrieved Text: He then left them and went out of the city [of Jerusalem] to Bethany [Note: This was a small village near Bethphage] and stayed there [i.e., probably at the home of Mary, Martha and Lazarus. See John 11:1].
So, the sisters sent [someone] to Him, saying, "Look, Lord, the person you love [i.e., your dear friend, Lazarus] is sick."
Therefore [even] when He heard that Lazarus was sick, He still stayed two days longer in the same place where He was.
Now Jesus had been talking about Lazarus' death, but the disciples thought He was referring to normal sleep.
"Lazarus is dead; and for your sakes I am glad I was not there, in order that you may believe. But let us go to him."
So when Jesus arrived, He found that he [Lazarus] had already been in the tomb four days.
But some of them said, "This is the man who caused the blind man to see! Couldn't he have done something to keep Lazarus from dying?"
So, they removed the stone. Then Jesus looked up and said, "Father, thank you for hearing me. [Note: Jesus had already prayed for and been assured of Lazarus' resurrection].
But the crowd that went out to meet Jesus [i.e., as He entered Jerusalem] did so because they had heard about Him performing this [miraculous] sign [i.e., of raising Lazarus].
"And a poor man named Lazarus was laid at his gate, covered with sores, and longing to be fed with the crumbs which were falling from the rich man's table; besides, even the dogs were coming and licking

########
Rank: 18
Score: 21.143293
Retrieved Text: Johannesburg - It's no secret that Senzo Meyiwa's father, Sam, has been outspoken about his son's death and the investigations into it.
The soccer star was shot and killed 9 months ago yet police have yet to make any arrests.
It's something that Sam Meyiwa has been hugely critical of, also telling the media that he fears for his life, that he is a target and that he has told police who Senzo's killers are.
Perhaps the biggest theory to come from Sam is the allegation that this was not a once-off incident, but rather a planned hit where his son was targeted.
Now police have reacted, saying they were planning on calling a suspect in for questioning, but since Sam has been speaking to the media, the person is now on the run.
Police have also rubbished suggestions that it's a cold case, saying that there are specialist teams investigating the case and they were making progress until Sam opened his mouth.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 21.107233
Retrieved Text: I think this film deserves a thread of its own; so here it is.
I've been wanting to see this film ever since it came out, but it never got a cinema release in Hull, and I couldn't even find it online. It finally came out on DVD this Monday and I watched it last night.
Fantastic film. Sci-fi is not usually a genre that interests me but I found this film utterly compelling from beginning to end. Sam Rockwell is superb; I've always been a fan of his work, in films like Matchstick Men and Confessions of a Dangerous Mind, but this is without a doubt his greatest performance to date.
I thought having Kevin Spacey voice GERTY was a masterstroke. Spacey is so often the creepy bad guy that I expected GERTY to be working against Sam(s); so it was nice swerve to see how much GERTY genuinely cared for Sam. And the smiley faces were excellent.
I remember some interesting posts about Moon in the New Films thread but it's difficult trying to locate them all; it'd be great if we could discuss it in more depth here - and without the entire discussion in spoiler tags.
I'm still confused on how many clones we actually saw throughout the film? I think my count was at least five or six, but there's possibly more.
And I wasn't sure if we were to assume that Tess was killed by the Lunar company? Or if she just died naturally?
I thought having Kevin Spacey voice GERTY was a masterstroke. Spacey is so

########
Rank: 20
Score: 21.062204
Retrieved Text: Supporters can win a copy of Paul Smith's book, Record Breakers, following the launch of a social media competition.
Simply retweet or share these posts to be in with a chance of winning a copy of the book, which tells the story of Notts County's momentous 1997-98 title-winning season.
Eleven years ago, in December 1997, the Magpies were about to seize top spot in Division Three – a position they wouldn’t relinquish for the rest of the season.
Pre-Christmas victories over Brighton & Hove Albion and Doncaster Rovers lifted Sam Allardyce’s Magpies into first position, in the division equivalent to which the club is in today.
The Brighton victory was the first in a stunning sequence of 10 in a row as Notts used the busy festive period to confirm their credentials as champions elect. In a record-breaking season, they secured the title before March was out – still the earliest title post-war success in English football.
The story of this stunning season is told in Record Breakers, written by journalist and supporter Paul and published by Pitch Publishing. It is available today in the club shop and online.
It includes exclusive interviews with the cast of that season – from manager Allardyce to captain Ian Hendon, club stalwarts Ian Richardson, Shaun Derry and Ian Baraclough and top goalscorer Gary Jones. It details the behind-the-scenes camaraderie and on-pitch tactics behind their record season, and also includes the recollections of the supporters who were lucky to witness it.
Hendon recalls their 100% December record, saying: "I looked at the fixtures in December. I said

########
Rank: 21
Score: 21.057657
Retrieved Text: Taking place nearly 25 years into the Marvel Cinematic Universe's relative past, Captain Marvel included Samuel L. Jackson's Nick Fury appearing visibly younger than when audiences first saw the super-spy in 2008's Iron Man, de-aged by VFX studio Lola Visual Effects.
While Marvel Studios had de-aged characters before, including Robert Downey Jr. in Captain America: Civil War and Michael Douglas in Ant-Man, this process was improved upon for Captain Marvel, as the younger incarnation of Nick Fury was a main character rather than only appearing in a small role like his predecessors. To streamline the process, Lola eschewed the common practice of relying on a body double to stand in for the actor and instead digitally altered Jackson himself, drastically reducing the amount of time needed to accomplish the effect throughout the film.
"One of the big gains was Lola coming back to us and saying, ‘we don’t need the body double.’ That was huge for us because it cut down our shooting time by at least half," Visual Effects Supervisor Chris Townshend told TheWrap. "The thing I said to the gang at the beginning is from that first shot you see of Sam, you’ll go ‘Woah! Young Sam!’ But my intention was, after that, nobody thinks about it."
Using images from Jackson's appearances in various '90s films as reference, the production team went frame-by-frame to digitally de-age the actor, with dozens of artists working together seamlessly to complete the task.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 21.056376
Retrieved Text: Fixing Him was my first book from Miranda Elaine and I really enjoyed it. I loved Sam and Montana together, their banter back and forth was as fun to read as the steamy moments. Montana was one of those characters that I could see being friends with if she was real. I mean who doesn't understand a girl who loves Target?! She took charge, going after Sam when he would pull back. This was a girl who knew what she wanted! I also liked that she was who she was and didn't change to fit in with her surroundings. Sam was such a sweet character and I enjoyed him fighting the loosing battle that was his connection with Montana. This was one of those book where not only did I love the main characters, but also loved the secondary characters too. Well...almost all of them!
It’s time to one click COVET by Ella James!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 21.038174
Retrieved Text: Guys, I love Sparkle. I'm super super sad by this teaser death. I think this is possibly the first teaser death that I'm gut-wrenched over, because I have a thing for non-gender-compliant men.
So, let's skip to Sam waking up at 6:30 am... and he's ADORABLE. And he's had a hair-cut and it looks really good! I like that length of hair on Sammy. Sam goes on to do a great impression of me in the mornings, only I never get up at 6:30am. That is the devil.
Sam is surprised in the kitchen by a table full of sweets. And then an imaginary friend! I think it's kinda neat how they did this shot, because everyone is like a little kid when they first wake up, and then there's Sam's little-kid imaginary friend. It's a cool sort of.. unconscious ease into the premise and the characters.
Dean orders Sam to join him in the library and he even walks out of the room like a chastized little kid. Also... guys, were there ALWAYS two doors to the kitchen!?! This has blown my mind.
Anyway, floorplan aside - we find out that Sam indeed had an imaginary friend when he was 9 years old. And this is where I realize that Sam was 8 when he found out that hunting was real, and so he needed a Zanna because he was probably FREAKED.... oh man, emotions.
So, we find out that Zanna guard and protect lost children. Sam wants to help, so it's off to Wisconsin!
When they arrive, they decide OUTSIDE

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.988205
Retrieved Text: February 5, 2007 a friend and I were returning from western Canada to Ontario. My husband is a pilot so we were on family passes.
It was a large plane with two first class sections separated by curtains and 3 rows of seats consisting of 2 seats an aisle, 3 seats an aisle, and 2 seats. My friend Sam and I each had aisle seats and sat across from each other; me in the 2 seats and he in the 3 seats. The aisle separated us. Sam’s row was empty and my window seat was empty until the very last passenger boarded who sat next to me. He was a very nice man who said his name was “John.” He carried a small box with handles he’d made out of very sturdy tape. He was quite friendly to Sam and me and chatted away. Then suddenly he ignored Sam and would only speak to me. I had brought a package of nuts on board with me. I offered some to John. He took the package and handed it back to me empty saying “Thanks. That hit the spot.” I found this odd but not concerning, thinking that maybe he didn’t realize I was sharing, not giving.
I was reading a magazine and noticed he was looking as well. I then began asking him at each page if he was done. Suddenly he started telling me what I was to look at and for how long. At this point I was getting a little uneasy. He kept saying God

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.91033
Retrieved Text: “Into Thin Air.” The failed Everest expedition and talking with those who died there.
A second chance at love.
A very powerful attachment on a beautiful nurse.
Amber Dubois who was murdered reconnected with her Mom.
Are you not yourself all the time?
Dawnyah and the Garden of Eden.
Marcos’ attachment nearly ruined him.
Maria was led by and inner voice to find us.
Michelle, my niece attached by six wanting her to kill herself.
Talking with Anita the Frog.
Are You or Someone close to you Attached? We can help.
Many years ago I was introduced to the Web of Life. I have included it in this post so you too can shed a tear. It was written by Chief Seattle. It was written from heart. When we began channeling I knew I would call in Chief Seattle to share his thoughts about the world of today. The session is after the Web of Life.
“The President in Washington sends word that he wishes to buy our land. But how can you buy or sell the sky? the land? The idea is strange to us. If we do not own the freshness of the air and the sparkle of the water, how can you buy them?
Every part of the earth is sacred to my people. Every shining pine needle, every sandy shore, every mist in the dark woods, every meadow, every humming insect. All are holy in the memory and experience of my people.
We know the sap which courses through the trees as we know the blood that courses through our veins. We are part of the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.90041
Retrieved Text: Now, I am a sucker for second chance romance. I also love a well-written story about a military hero, having grown up as an Army brat. I’m a big fan of the single parent, being one myself, and while I usually gravitate toward the hot single DAD books, I like to read about a single mom working hard to be all things to her kids, while also finding some time to take care of herself. Lastly, I can occasionally be found reading a secret baby romance, although it’s not my favorite trope. Hold On Tight has all of these!
Jake and Mira had a very short, but passionate, relationship 8 years ago, and their paths are about to cross again. Jake is a war hero. Not only that, he’s a wounded war hero, who is back home after a devastating experience overseas. Mira is a single mom, who just moved across the country, and away from her parents, to prove that she can take care of herself and her 7-year-old son. What will happen when Jake finds out he has a son? How will Mira deal with Jake’s reemergence into her life? Will she tell her son, Sam, that Jake is his dad?
I adored Sam. This kid had a heart of gold, and he was not afraid to ask the tough questions. Have you heard the saying, “…and the little child shall lead them”? Sam is that child. I started reading one of the chapters, and when it started out, it made me think it was going

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.8732
Retrieved Text: Perhaps it's out of a desire to avoid taking up any more of the spotlight than is absolutely necessary, perhaps it's because he's worried he'll go too long without being drafted (or not be drafted at all), perhaps he just wants to be with his family on such a big weekend, but whatever it is: Michael Sam is making sure you don't see much of him this NFL draft weekend. He has turned down requests from ESPN and the NFL Network to follow him around, and while Darren Rovell, in his signature vague unquestioning manner, says "There will be cameras with Michael Sam following his reactions on Saturday," those cameras appear to be "the ones on his family's iPhones." Sam is keeping a low profile.
I might do the same. The NFL, with its irresistibly oppressive marketing force in full blight, has successfully turned its draft into a massive social experiment in brand management, with every human attribute sorted, filed and filleted into some middle-aged white guy's "checklist." Recognizable earthling emotions and thoughts that aren't part of the experience of being alive have no place or meaning during NFL draft week; anything other than "want" and "motor" is simply a distraction from the act of destroying yourself for the amusement of others -- and a non-guaranteed contract -- for two years or so (at best.) The whole process is dehumanizing and depressing, and of course none of us can get enough of it. Michael Sam should avoid publicity this weekend not because he's gay; he should do

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.866432
Retrieved Text: - Already buy all clothes in the beginning of the game.
- Mod your car at Transfenders, Loco Low Co or Wheel Arch Angels.
When I started my first mission I was a fat guy with biker clothes on, driving around in a modded Jester from Wheel Arch Angels .
NOT PERMANENT: After you complete a mission with an arrow in it (except from Ryder) the arrow will go away and you can't enter the building no more.
plz put more buildings in this topic so I can list them up. Credits to Sam(Gta Daddy).
I take the things I said that it was fake back. Good find .
finaly i thought no one would take me seriosly.oh and my nam's sam. by the way go into the planning department. youll find that office i was talking about.
PRetty usefull if you want to go in meat factory or something like that, all mission arrows are open.
Didn't try doing a mission yet but it sure stays there if you go in and out.
Yes there is, I shot it and the door goes open and you see only carpet, but there sure is something. You can't go in it because there is an invisible wall, if that was where you were talking about. Anyway i expect some apologizes from people to Daddy.
I didn't got that yet, do you need to shoot it with a rocket launcher?
ROTFL . You can already save the game at Madd Doog's Crib . Very hax bug indeed..
Check if the clothes are unlocked.
Have you tried entering Area 69 yet?
Those doors?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.813084
Retrieved Text: A subtitle suggests that Americans might wish to garden in order to “cut food costs.” Those seeing the poster are urged to write to the USDA for a free bulletin on gardening, suggesting, “It’s food for thought.” The poster is framed by brown band, and the bottom right corner features a cluster of richly hued vegetables. Upon careful inspection, the background, featuring trees, actually bears a striking resemblance to leafy green vegetables and also to broccoli stems. The use of Uncle Sam in gardening posters was not as common as Columbia, and in this depiction, he is dressed in clothing covered with stars and stripes, and has a piercing gaze.
This poster offers a message that is still food for thought, don’t you think?

================



======= Instance Index 18 =========
Input Text: A computer can process information and even choose, but it can't do what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- run programs
- make decisions
- believe in god
- brain
- receive data

Target Text: believe in god

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 27.126858
Retrieved Text: Can't install mysql "Job for mysql.service failed because the control process exited with error code."
How do I get F-keys with modifier keys such as Ctrl-F2 to work with byobu over ssh?
When selecting a byobu session to resume it just creates a new one instead, how can I fix this?
How can two people work on a single Jupyter notebook that is running on one remote computer?
Which mode to choose for do-release-upgrade?
Messed up my SSH settings, what to do?
Where does the System Information information come from on login by SSH?
How to uninstall built in OpenSSH (7.2)?
openstack: no ssh to instance from neutron-gateway/0 - error "Permission denied (publickey)"
How do I display a image in SSH terminal?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 26.979523
Retrieved Text: 14/08/2012�� I found out someone is accessing my computer information through a "back door" even though I password protected everything. I figure if I know how they do it, I might be able to prevent it. I figure if I know how they do it, I might be able to prevent it.... I know preventing is better, but unless you know the methods of a hacker you cannot prevent it. Can some Security guru guide this new bee to look out for hackers and catch them in the act :) (OK I got a bit carried away) But I want to know how hacking works and how to detect it.
30/04/2011�� You can't. Oh, there are some clues which you might look for, and I'll review a few of those, but ultimately, there's no way for the average computer user to know with absolute certainty that a hacker's not in the process of weaseling in, or that they haven't already.... 30/04/2011�� You can't. Oh, there are some clues which you might look for, and I'll review a few of those, but ultimately, there's no way for the average computer user to know with absolute certainty that a hacker's not in the process of weaseling in, or that they haven't already.
i was using bullgard now i am using bitdefender. i dont know what version of bullgard it was, but as fare as i am aware it is supposed to automatically update its self so should be up to date. i have unistalled that one know is i do

########
Rank: 2
Score: 26.143057
Retrieved Text: This tutorial will show you how to perform an in-place upgrade and repair a Windows 10 installation without loosing your personal files and settings. The in-place upgrade and repair process, gives you the opportunity to repair many Windows 10 problems and to upgrade Windows 10 with the latest updates, without having to re-format your computer.
How to perform a Repair Upgrade in Windows 10.
Step 2. Perform a Windows 10 repair.
1. Put the Windows 10 installation media on your computer.
2. Open Windows explorer and double-click to run the Setup application from the Windows installation media.
3. Choose to Download and install updates (recommended) when asked and click Next.
3. Accept the license terms.
5. Finally click Install to start the repair process.
6. Be patient until the Windows 10 Setup upgrade and fixes your system.
7. After repair installation, login to your account normally.
Just wondering how I run setup on a computer that won't boot? I can't restore, reset, cant sfc/scannow or I can and it gets to 100% but get a windows resource error, on restore get a Windows Apps error, also have a 0x0 error and even with the win 10 iso media file I get an error re windows pe (can't remember)error when I tried to do an install and keep files it wasn't happy. In a world of pain at the moment, nothing is working every which way.
I am so happy with your instructions above. I have done exactly what you have suggested and my computer and scanner are back to normal. I worked all day yesterday trying different

########
Rank: 3
Score: 25.800497
Retrieved Text: Thank you for visiting our appointment scheduling page.
Save appointment to your calendar if you desire.
Not all services are listed. Many services require consultation and planning first. If you are unsure, please choose the Computer Assessment and we will gladly come out and discuss your needs.
If you are a current Managed Services Client please contact us at helpdesk@onecallnetworks.com where a ticket will be created and we will handle your request promptly.
If you are a new client or are interested in learning more about our Tiered Managed Services, choose this appointment type.
Initial office visit for new clients only.
This appointment is an disruptive service that requires the intended computer(s) to be taken offline and unavailable until the service is done. Depending on the speed and age of the computer(s) it may take 1 or more hours.
Same service as the Computer Assessment (On-Site) but can only be performed on a Microsoft or Apple desktop or laptop. And only if the computer in question can access the Internet. If your computer can't surf the web, then we also cannot access it.
If you don't know what is going on with your computer we should start here. We'll come out and take a look at your computer and/or technology and see what is possibly going on. Depending on the assessment we will either correct the issue at the time of the appointment or for bigger issues may take your computer back to the service bench for more diagnostics.
Did you just get a new computer and need help setting it up? We can do

########
Rank: 4
Score: 25.649164
Retrieved Text: I am Mike Winegarden, fitness author and creator of the See Yourself Fit System. I am also totally blind. I first learned about the Concept2 Indoor Rower in a fitness store. From the moment I took the grip in hand, I knew I had found an excellent fitness machine. What I didn't know is how wonderful the people are behind this indoor rower.
The machine is solid construction, anyone in the family can use it, and the workout is as intense as you want it to be. I recommend this rowing machine to all my clients. I haven't made one single dime for doing so.
After I got the rowing machine I was checking out the concept2.com site. I was stunned to learn that these amazing folks had developed a means for blind or low vision people to hear information as they are rowing. The software is called ErgChatter. It works by connecting the Performance Monitor on your indoor rower to your computer. Once installed, I can choose what information I want to hear: time elapsed, distance rowed, stroke rate, split time and more. You can choose any of these or only one or two and any combination you want. I haven't tried this yet, but with the optional heart rate belt, you can even hear your heart rate. They also have the more common workouts already set up. I can do a 2000 metre race by hitting one key on the computer keyboard. Start rowing and I am off. There are many other preset distances and even

########
Rank: 5
Score: 25.573
Retrieved Text: Fitbit Help - Why can't I set up my Fitbit device?
Fitbit Help›Why can't I set up my Fitbit device?
Why can't I set up my Fitbit device?
If you can't get started with your Fitbit device, usually a missing requirement is the cause. Carefully review the requirements below and move on to the troubleshooting steps if needed.
Note: For more information about setting up Fitbit Ace, see How do I set up Fitbit Ace?
Choose a section to find the requirements specific to that device or computer.
You followed the instructions for your device in How do I set up my Fitbit device? Note that you can't set up your Fitbit device from your phone or tablet's Bluetooth screen; you must open the Fitbit app and follow the on-screen instructions.
iOS—Tap Settings > General > Software Update.
Android—Tap Settings > About Phone or About Device > Android Version.
Windows 10—Tap or click Start > Settings > Update & security.
Android—Tap Settings > Connections > Bluetooth.
Windows 10—Click or tap Settings > Devices > Bluetooth.
Your device is supported by the Fitbit app. For the latest list, go to http://www.fitbit.com/devices.
Your device doesn't have a set up or sync issue listed on What should I know about using the Fitbit app on my Android device?
Power Saving Mode is turned off on your device. This mode frequently causes the device to disable Bluetooth.
(Version 6.0+ only) You have location services turned on and the Fitbit app has permission to access your location. For more information, see Why is the Fitbit app prompting me to turn on location services?
(Windows 10 only) If

########
Rank: 6
Score: 25.380028
Retrieved Text: That article is about WhiteRose virus which gets into users' laptops around the world, and corrupts their files. Here you can find complete information on what is WhiteRose, and how to get rid of WhiteRose from the PC. Furthermore, we will tell you how to get back the encrypted files, if possible.
WhiteRose ransomware had infected hundreds of computers around the world through basic way: false e-mails with viral attachments. Sometimes hackers use exploits to infect the computer, but they are quickly fixed. After the infection, the virus scans the computer memory, determines the quantity of files to be encrypted and their rough value. Nowadays, any modern virus can cypher text, image, audio and video files in all known formats. WhiteRose cyphers all folders, but those that could be business correspondence go first. Ransomware corrupts only files with information, and does not spoil the programs, so that the victim can use his machine to pay the ransom. Encryption is made with the help of famous RSA and AES algorithms, and its intricacy is so above the average level that it can't be bruteforced. This is the reason for impressive effectuality of ransomware in last years: common customer, even having a pretty high experience in suchlike things, won't ever decrypt the data, and will have no choice except paying to criminals. The sole method to recover files is to hack the scammer's webpage and retrieve the master key. Also there's a way to obtain these keys through faults in viruse's program code. When encrypting files, WhiteRose switches the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 25.30273
Retrieved Text: Can't uninstall L0K8 completely from your computer?
Are you getting error messages that stop you from trying to Remove L0K8 from your PC?
Frustrated because you cannot uninstall L0K8 completely from your computer even tried it on Windows "ADD/REMOVE Programs?
Looking and searching for a solution to totally uninstall L0K8 ?
Many people have tried just everything to uninstall L0K8 and thought it's gone successfully. However, when they update or install another software on computer the error message comes up saying that you need to uninstall L0K8 first to do this. If you are one of the many who have tried to work out this agonising process and want to completely uninstall L0K8 from your computer.
Step 3. Locate L0K8 and click "Remove" to uninstall L0K8 .
Wait for the standard uninstall process to be finished. Go ahead and clean the L0K8 leftover files.
Step 7. Once done, scroll through this section and find L0K8 and related folder to be deleted.
In order to remove L0K8 from your computer you need to make a choice whether do it manually or pick an uninstaller software to finish the job for you.
I highly recommend you to use an uninstaller for good. Because when you uninstall L0K8 manually, it's high likely it will fail, which will cost you huge amount of time and energy and at the mean time, it can also be very dangerous on the next registry editing step.
Consequently, it is the main reason to use an uninstaller to remove L0K8 from your computer. But, what uninstaller to can be chosen to use and how

########
Rank: 8
Score: 25.299671
Retrieved Text: Can't uninstall R.Mize completely from your computer?
Are you getting error messages that stop you from trying to Remove R.Mize from your PC?
Frustrated because you cannot uninstall R.Mize completely from your computer even tried it on Windows "ADD/REMOVE Programs?
Looking and searching for a solution to totally uninstall R.Mize?
Many people have tried just everything to uninstall R.Mize and thought it's gone successfully. However, when they update or install another software on computer the error message comes up saying that you need to uninstall R.Mize first to do this. If you are one of the many who have tried to work out this agonising process and want to completely uninstall R.Mize from your computer.
Step 3. Locate R.Mize and click "Remove" to uninstall R.Mize.
Wait for the standard uninstall process to be finished. Go ahead and clean the R.Mize leftover files.
Step 7. Once done, scroll through this section and find R.Mize and related folder to be deleted.
In order to remove R.Mize from your computer you need to make a choice whether do it manually or pick an uninstaller software to finish the job for you.
I highly recommend you to use an uninstaller for good. Because when you uninstall R.Mize manually, it's high likely it will fail, which will cost you huge amount of time and energy and at the mean time, it can also be very dangerous on the next registry editing step.
Consequently, it is the main reason to use an uninstaller to remove R.Mize from your computer. But, what uninstaller to can be chosen to use and how will it

########
Rank: 9
Score: 25.288229
Retrieved Text: Can't uninstall N3430_LAN_BROADCOM_440x_V4.37.0.0_XP.EXE completely from your computer?
Are you getting error messages that stop you from trying to Remove N3430_LAN_BROADCOM_440x_V4.37.0.0_XP.EXE from your PC?
Frustrated because you cannot uninstall N3430_LAN_BROADCOM_440x_V4.37.0.0_XP.EXE completely from your computer even tried it on Windows "ADD/REMOVE Programs?
Looking and searching for a solution to totally uninstall N3430_LAN_BROADCOM_440x_V4.37.0.0_XP.EXE?
Many people have tried just everything to uninstall N3430_LAN_BROADCOM_440x_V4.37.0.0_XP.EXE and thought it's gone successfully. However, when they update or install another software on computer the error message comes up saying that you need to uninstall N3430_LAN_BROADCOM_440x_V4.37.0.0_XP.EXE first to do this. If you are one of the many who have tried to work out this agonising process and want to completely uninstall N3430_LAN_BROADCOM_440x_V4.37.0.0_XP.EXE from your computer.
Step 3. Locate N3430_LAN_BROADCOM_440x_V4.37.0.0_XP.EXE and click "Remove" to uninstall N3430_LAN_BROADCOM_440x_V4.37.0.0_XP.EXE.
Wait for the standard uninstall process to be finished. Go ahead and clean the N3430_LAN_BROADCOM_440x_V4.37.0.0_XP.EXE leftover files.
Step 7. Once done, scroll through this section and find N3430_LAN_BROADCOM_440x_V4.37.0.0_XP.EXE and related folder to be deleted.
In order to remove N3430_LAN_BROADCOM_440x_V4.37.0.0_XP.EXE from your computer you need to make a choice whether do it manually or pick an uninstaller software to finish the job for you.
I highly recommend you to use an uninstaller for good. Because when you uninstall N3430_LAN_BROADCOM_440x_V4.37.0.0_XP.EXE manually, it's high likely it will fail, which will cost you huge amount of time and energy and at the mean time, it can also be very dangerous on the next registry editing step.
Consequently, it is the main reason to use an uninstaller to remove N3430_LAN_BROADCOM_440x_V4.37.0.0_XP.EXE from your computer. But, what uninstaller to can be chosen to use and how will it

########
Rank: 10
Score: 25.288229
Retrieved Text: Can't uninstall B2131_AUDIO_WIN2K.exe completely from your computer?
Are you getting error messages that stop you from trying to Remove B2131_AUDIO_WIN2K.exe from your PC?
Frustrated because you cannot uninstall B2131_AUDIO_WIN2K.exe completely from your computer even tried it on Windows "ADD/REMOVE Programs?
Looking and searching for a solution to totally uninstall B2131_AUDIO_WIN2K.exe?
Many people have tried just everything to uninstall B2131_AUDIO_WIN2K.exe and thought it's gone successfully. However, when they update or install another software on computer the error message comes up saying that you need to uninstall B2131_AUDIO_WIN2K.exe first to do this. If you are one of the many who have tried to work out this agonising process and want to completely uninstall B2131_AUDIO_WIN2K.exe from your computer.
Step 3. Locate B2131_AUDIO_WIN2K.exe and click "Remove" to uninstall B2131_AUDIO_WIN2K.exe.
Wait for the standard uninstall process to be finished. Go ahead and clean the B2131_AUDIO_WIN2K.exe leftover files.
Step 7. Once done, scroll through this section and find B2131_AUDIO_WIN2K.exe and related folder to be deleted.
In order to remove B2131_AUDIO_WIN2K.exe from your computer you need to make a choice whether do it manually or pick an uninstaller software to finish the job for you.
I highly recommend you to use an uninstaller for good. Because when you uninstall B2131_AUDIO_WIN2K.exe manually, it's high likely it will fail, which will cost you huge amount of time and energy and at the mean time, it can also be very dangerous on the next registry editing step.
Consequently, it is the main reason to use an uninstaller to remove B2131_AUDIO_WIN2K.exe from your computer. But, what uninstaller to can be chosen to use and how will it

########
Rank: 11
Score: 25.260094
Retrieved Text: Can't uninstall w20cppsjp.exe completely from your computer?
Are you getting error messages that stop you from trying to Remove w20cppsjp.exe from your PC?
Frustrated because you cannot uninstall w20cppsjp.exe completely from your computer even tried it on Windows "ADD/REMOVE Programs?
Looking and searching for a solution to totally uninstall w20cppsjp.exe?
Many people have tried just everything to uninstall w20cppsjp.exe and thought it's gone successfully. However, when they update or install another software on computer the error message comes up saying that you need to uninstall w20cppsjp.exe first to do this. If you are one of the many who have tried to work out this agonising process and want to completely uninstall w20cppsjp.exe from your computer.
Step 3. Locate w20cppsjp.exe and click "Remove" to uninstall w20cppsjp.exe.
Wait for the standard uninstall process to be finished. Go ahead and clean the w20cppsjp.exe leftover files.
Step 7. Once done, scroll through this section and find w20cppsjp.exe and related folder to be deleted.
In order to remove w20cppsjp.exe from your computer you need to make a choice whether do it manually or pick an uninstaller software to finish the job for you.
I highly recommend you to use an uninstaller for good. Because when you uninstall w20cppsjp.exe manually, it's high likely it will fail, which will cost you huge amount of time and energy and at the mean time, it can also be very dangerous on the next registry editing step.
Consequently, it is the main reason to use an uninstaller to remove w20cppsjp.exe from your computer. But, what uninstaller to can be chosen to use and how will it

########
Rank: 12
Score: 25.176308
Retrieved Text: A healing arrange might allow you to certainly not panic and also proceed with the steps in the event you shed your data. This will allow you to stay beforehand and also just take right steps eventually. It Is Possible To install some good apps for this purpose or you could even hire a company which could perform the job for you personally and also formulates a plan.
OST file looks prepared at per nonindulgent protection, due to which, Windows NT verification can't be regularly work offline. Which means, to access that OST file articles you should have the correct verification towards log onto the Exchange mailbox. To make certain this, Exchange Server creates excellent encrypted cookie making use of your mailboxes distinctive entry ID as you effectively log on to that Exchange Server your body. All cookie so that put together looks saved inside Exchange Server profile and your profile saves this key for OST. Discussing this fact, OST checks this key every time you you will need to reach that OST file.
bUse stronger security anti-virus pc software additionally perform a crucial role in blocking most ransomware attacks through detecting variations to known computer viruses. Hence to safeguard your computer data remember to operate average scans to prevent ransomware and other common threats. So confirm its validity and also authenticity if your wanting to reinstall your computer data starting backup.
Consider a predicament, if you are involved in Access easily in order to find fatal mistake inside MS Access two hundred within situation Access unable to respond

########
Rank: 13
Score: 24.839022
Retrieved Text: As you already know Linux is an operating system that runs on your computer. Typically it is not compatible with windows, so when you load this into your system you are going to have a partition that will separate your Linux system from your Windows system on your hard drive.
This is fine and dandy however you are going to want to back-up your files just in case something was to happen to your computer. Even if you are just running one system there is still a chance for your computer to malfunction.
Being the responsible person that you are, you are ready to back-up your files to reduce any chance of a headache should anything happen to your computer and you lose everything. So how exactly are you going to back-up your Linux with Windows? There really is no way to do it since the two are kind of incompatible. Well there is where CrashPlan comes in to save the day.
CrashPlan is a system that is compatible not only with Linux but also Windows and Mac. It is truly amazing, now you have the ability to back-up your Linux system and your Windows system. The steps are simple and the program pretty much runs itself.
It does its own automatic updates, so when a new version comes out your system is going to update itself. If also has a daily automatic back-up system as well as unlimited space for your files! What more could you want from this terrific program? How about making it free! That is right

########
Rank: 14
Score: 24.817938
Retrieved Text: It is important to maintain a secure password, especially with services like online banking.
Web banking passwords should be changed regularly.
A sign in interface with a username and password.
Most computer experts and online security professionals recommend changing your Internet passwords and account login information at least once every three months. It may be safe for you to wait longer; it just depends on your computer habits, and how and where you surf the web.
Changing all of your passwords every three to six months can be a time-consuming and even a frustrating task, but it is a sure way to guarantee some level of safety for all of your online accounts. It is not the only safety precaution that should be considered for your login information, however. Whether you bank online or you are just sending a few simple emails, secure passwords are essential. It is also important to keep them all private. Avoid writing them down, even in your own home. Writing down a password is a quick way for an unauthorized person to gain access to your login information and every part of your online life.
Online passwords are used for everything from email accounts to website subscriptions and shopping accounts. Some of these online records even hold important financial information, such as credit card numbers. With phishing, identity theft, and other Internet crimes becoming more frequent everyday occurrences, it is important to choose a password that cannot be easily estimated or presumed. It is the people that use family or pet names that are the most

########
Rank: 15
Score: 24.776058
Retrieved Text: Other related technologies collect data from your browsing session by requesting an image from a server, known as a ‘pixel' or ‘beacon'. As part of the request, information about your browsing session is passed through – allowing the technology to collect and store the information.
Session-based cookies: These cookies store temporary information and are usually deleted when you close your browser.
Persistent cookies: These cookies are stored in your browser for a set amount of time and stay on your computer after you close your browser. They usually contain information you may want to keep from session to session (e.g. your location or username).
First party cookies: These are ‘our' cookies – the ones that we set up on your device.
Third party cookies: Other websites or servers set these cookies up on our behalf, or allow us to access their cookies for activities such as tailored advertising, or tracking our ads' performance on other websites.
Sometimes called "necessary cookies”, these cookies are needed for our sites to work properly. Without these cookies, core site services, such as accessing secure areas, can't be provided. Some of these cookies even help us to detect fraud and keep the sites secure. These cookies don't gather information about you and are not used for marketing or remember where you've been online.
By changing your browser settings, you can control how cookies are used on your computer or device. Usually, you can do this by opening the menu in the browser, and choose settings, options or privacy (it depends on which browser you're using). From there,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 24.695934
Retrieved Text: How do I create or open a different catalog?
How do I open my old catalog in my new version of Lightroom?
Are catalogs in Lightroom backward compatible?
Where is my catalog located?
Can I store a catalog on a network?
How do I move a catalog?
How do I rename a catalog?
How do I back up a catalog?
What does optimization do to a catalog?
How do I combine catalogs or move photos from one catalog to another?
How do I use my catalog on multiple computers, such as a laptop and a desktop?
How many photos can I have in a catalog?
What is the largest size photo I can have in a catalog?
Lightroom can't find my catalog. How do I find it?
My catalog can't find my photos. How do I find them?
A catalog is a database that tracks the location of your photos and information about them. When you edit photos, rate them, add keywords to them, or do other things to photos in Lightroom, all those changes are stored in the catalog. The photo files themselves are not touched.
Note: Catalogs are different from collections. Collections are an organizational tool within a catalog. See Work with photo collections.
When you start Lightroom the first time, it automatically creates an empty catalog file (for example, Lightroom 5 Catalog.lrcat) for you. To start working with this default, empty catalog, click the Import button.
For more information on catalogs, including a video tutorial, see How Lightroom catalogs work.
To create a catalog: Start Lightroom and choose File > New Catalog. Specify where you want to store the catalog, enter a

########
Rank: 17
Score: 24.669043
Retrieved Text: Mrs. Teachnology: Tagxedo! You're It!
One of my favorite, free web tools to use with my kiddos is Tagxedo. This website allows you or your students to create word collages for FREE!!! You simply go to www.Tagxedo.com and click Start Now. Then, you click Load and start typing words. You can choose from a variety of fonts, color themes, orientations, and shapes. You can even load one of your favorite fonts that you have saved on your computer. That can be done by clicking on the Font tab and then clicking Add font at the bottom of the screen.
My students created collages using vocabulary words they learned during a geometry unit. They were assigned a term that they had to describe using "math words". Here is a finished product for the term quadrilateral.
They also created collages during a Civil War unit to review key information learned during the unit.
There are so many ways this site can be used throughout the school year, and it is so, so easy. My third graders had absolutely no problem working with the site on their own.
*Students can type in a piece of their writing to check for repeated words. This could help during the revising step of the writing process.
*Make a collage of verbs, adjectives, and nouns.
*List names of students in reading groups, conference groups, desk groups, etc.
*Create a collage of words related to a character trait.
This possibilities are endless! I will definitely be sharing how I use this tool throughout this coming school year for projects in my classroom. Have

########
Rank: 18
Score: 24.509138
Retrieved Text: Mobile Computer Repair, PC service, maintenance. I come to you.
Mobile Computer & Laptop Repairs, Service & Maintenance.
From replacing laptop chargers or broken screens to completely servicing an old desktop PC, cleaning it up to make it perform better or designing, building and hosting a website for you, I've got you covered.
Mobile services available to small businesses and domestic customers.
Web design and UK hosting available from MyNetPeople, a subsidiary of Colchester Computer Man.
Why Choose Colchester Computer Man?
Why should you choose me for your mobile computer & laptop repirs, servicing and maintenance?
I do most mobile computer and laptop repair and maintenance services as a transparent 'fixed' fee.
I offer a 'All-In-One' PC and laptop health check and tune up service as either a 'fixed' fee service or monthly maintenance fee.
You can read real comments from my customers & leave your own.
My website is mobile friendly so you can still reach me for repairs or servicing even when your computer can't.
...and don't forget for all my repair, servicing and maintenance services - I COME TO YOU!
"I don't want to take my PC to a shop. It's too much hassle. Why can't someone come to me?"
So that is exactly what I do!
We all have busy lives to work around and I know that. When you contact me I'll work with you to book you in at a time and day to suit you.
ALL WORK GUARANTEED - All repair & service work I do is guaranteed for a month which may not sound very long, but in computer terms it is a

########
Rank: 19
Score: 24.495947
Retrieved Text: I can’t stress enough how important the Master Reset is to your Dell Inspiron 15–or any device for that matter–if you are already bugged by a serious settings or firmware related issue. With Windows 10, you can actually reset your laptop without deleting your files and you can also do the full reset which will delete everything you saved in it to make it like it’s new.
In this post, I will walk you through in doing this procedure so that you’ll be guided accordingly on what you need to do so as not to compromise your files and data. If you are currently having issues with your Dell Inspiron and don’t have a clue what to do next, then I suggest you reset your computer to make every problem go away.
Continue reading this post as you may find it helpful. However, if you are looking for a solution to a problem, I suggest you visit our Dell Inspiron troubleshooting page for we have already addressed some of the most common issues with this laptop. Browse through the page to find issues that are similar with yours and use the solutions we suggested. If you still need our help after that, then feel free to contact us by completing this form.
Before we begin, there are things I want you to take note. First, make sure your laptop has enough battery and with that I mean around 75%. However, to make sure your computer won’t die on you while in the middle of the reset process, plug its

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.470993
Retrieved Text: Can't uninstall YaDT 3.175 completely from your computer?
Are you getting error messages that stop you from trying to Remove YaDT 3.175 from your PC?
Frustrated because you cannot uninstall YaDT 3.175 completely from your computer even tried it on Windows "ADD/REMOVE Programs?
Looking and searching for a solution to totally uninstall YaDT 3.175?
Many people have tried just everything to uninstall YaDT 3.175 and thought it's gone successfully. However, when they update or install another software on computer the error message comes up saying that you need to uninstall YaDT 3.175 first to do this. If you are one of the many who have tried to work out this agonising process and want to completely uninstall YaDT 3.175 from your computer.
Step 3. Locate YaDT 3.175 and click "Remove" to uninstall YaDT 3.175.
Wait for the standard uninstall process to be finished. Go ahead and clean the YaDT 3.175 leftover files.
Step 7. Once done, scroll through this section and find YaDT 3.175 and related folder to be deleted.
In order to remove YaDT 3.175 from your computer you need to make a choice whether do it manually or pick an uninstaller software to finish the job for you.
I highly recommend you to use an uninstaller for good. Because when you uninstall YaDT 3.175 manually, it's high likely it will fail, which will cost you huge amount of time and energy and at the mean time, it can also be very dangerous on the next registry editing step.
Consequently, it is the main reason to use an uninstaller to remove YaDT 3.175 from your

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.470993
Retrieved Text: Can't uninstall Y-Ping 1.0.0.0 completely from your computer?
Are you getting error messages that stop you from trying to Remove Y-Ping 1.0.0.0 from your PC?
Frustrated because you cannot uninstall Y-Ping 1.0.0.0 completely from your computer even tried it on Windows "ADD/REMOVE Programs?
Looking and searching for a solution to totally uninstall Y-Ping 1.0.0.0?
Many people have tried just everything to uninstall Y-Ping 1.0.0.0 and thought it's gone successfully. However, when they update or install another software on computer the error message comes up saying that you need to uninstall Y-Ping 1.0.0.0 first to do this. If you are one of the many who have tried to work out this agonising process and want to completely uninstall Y-Ping 1.0.0.0 from your computer.
Step 3. Locate Y-Ping 1.0.0.0 and click "Remove" to uninstall Y-Ping 1.0.0.0.
Wait for the standard uninstall process to be finished. Go ahead and clean the Y-Ping 1.0.0.0 leftover files.
Step 7. Once done, scroll through this section and find Y-Ping 1.0.0.0 and related folder to be deleted.
In order to remove Y-Ping 1.0.0.0 from your computer you need to make a choice whether do it manually or pick an uninstaller software to finish the job for you.
I highly recommend you to use an uninstaller for good. Because when you uninstall Y-Ping 1.0.0.0 manually, it's high likely it will fail, which will cost you huge amount of time and energy and at the mean time, it can also be very dangerous on the next registry editing step.
Consequently, it is the main reason to use an uninstaller to remove Y-Ping 1.0.0.0 from your

########
Rank: 22
Score: 24.470993
Retrieved Text: Can't uninstall r-Library 2.162 completely from your computer?
Are you getting error messages that stop you from trying to Remove r-Library 2.162 from your PC?
Frustrated because you cannot uninstall r-Library 2.162 completely from your computer even tried it on Windows "ADD/REMOVE Programs?
Looking and searching for a solution to totally uninstall r-Library 2.162?
Many people have tried just everything to uninstall r-Library 2.162 and thought it's gone successfully. However, when they update or install another software on computer the error message comes up saying that you need to uninstall r-Library 2.162 first to do this. If you are one of the many who have tried to work out this agonising process and want to completely uninstall r-Library 2.162 from your computer.
Step 3. Locate r-Library 2.162 and click "Remove" to uninstall r-Library 2.162.
Wait for the standard uninstall process to be finished. Go ahead and clean the r-Library 2.162 leftover files.
Step 7. Once done, scroll through this section and find r-Library 2.162 and related folder to be deleted.
In order to remove r-Library 2.162 from your computer you need to make a choice whether do it manually or pick an uninstaller software to finish the job for you.
I highly recommend you to use an uninstaller for good. Because when you uninstall r-Library 2.162 manually, it's high likely it will fail, which will cost you huge amount of time and energy and at the mean time, it can also be very dangerous on the next registry editing step.
Consequently, it is the main reason to use an uninstaller to remove r-Library 2.162 from your

########
Rank: 23
Score: 24.462297
Retrieved Text: Can't uninstall B2131_AUDIO_WIN98.exe completely from your computer?
Are you getting error messages that stop you from trying to Remove B2131_AUDIO_WIN98.exe from your PC?
Frustrated because you cannot uninstall B2131_AUDIO_WIN98.exe completely from your computer even tried it on Windows "ADD/REMOVE Programs?
Looking and searching for a solution to totally uninstall B2131_AUDIO_WIN98.exe?
Many people have tried just everything to uninstall B2131_AUDIO_WIN98.exe and thought it's gone successfully. However, when they update or install another software on computer the error message comes up saying that you need to uninstall B2131_AUDIO_WIN98.exe first to do this. If you are one of the many who have tried to work out this agonising process and want to completely uninstall B2131_AUDIO_WIN98.exe from your computer.
Step 3. Locate B2131_AUDIO_WIN98.exe and click "Remove" to uninstall B2131_AUDIO_WIN98.exe.
Wait for the standard uninstall process to be finished. Go ahead and clean the B2131_AUDIO_WIN98.exe leftover files.
Step 7. Once done, scroll through this section and find B2131_AUDIO_WIN98.exe and related folder to be deleted.
In order to remove B2131_AUDIO_WIN98.exe from your computer you need to make a choice whether do it manually or pick an uninstaller software to finish the job for you.
I highly recommend you to use an uninstaller for good. Because when you uninstall B2131_AUDIO_WIN98.exe manually, it's high likely it will fail, which will cost you huge amount of time and energy and at the mean time, it can also be very dangerous on the next registry editing step.
Consequently, it is the main reason to use an uninstaller to remove B2131_AUDIO_WIN98.exe from your computer. But, what uninstaller to can be chosen to use and how will it

########
Rank: 24
Score: 24.462297
Retrieved Text: Can't uninstall K-Mail ActiveX 4.14.311 completely from your computer?
Are you getting error messages that stop you from trying to Remove K-Mail ActiveX 4.14.311 from your PC?
Frustrated because you cannot uninstall K-Mail ActiveX 4.14.311 completely from your computer even tried it on Windows "ADD/REMOVE Programs?
Looking and searching for a solution to totally uninstall K-Mail ActiveX 4.14.311?
Many people have tried just everything to uninstall K-Mail ActiveX 4.14.311 and thought it's gone successfully. However, when they update or install another software on computer the error message comes up saying that you need to uninstall K-Mail ActiveX 4.14.311 first to do this. If you are one of the many who have tried to work out this agonising process and want to completely uninstall K-Mail ActiveX 4.14.311 from your computer.
Step 3. Locate K-Mail ActiveX 4.14.311 and click "Remove" to uninstall K-Mail ActiveX 4.14.311.
Wait for the standard uninstall process to be finished. Go ahead and clean the K-Mail ActiveX 4.14.311 leftover files.
Step 7. Once done, scroll through this section and find K-Mail ActiveX 4.14.311 and related folder to be deleted.
In order to remove K-Mail ActiveX 4.14.311 from your computer you need to make a choice whether do it manually or pick an uninstaller software to finish the job for you.
I highly recommend you to use an uninstaller for good. Because when you uninstall K-Mail ActiveX 4.14.311 manually, it's high likely it will fail, which will cost you huge amount of time and energy and at the mean time, it can also be very dangerous on the next registry editing step.
Consequently, it is

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.462297
Retrieved Text: Can't uninstall C-JDBC 2.0.2 completely from your computer?
Are you getting error messages that stop you from trying to Remove C-JDBC 2.0.2 from your PC?
Frustrated because you cannot uninstall C-JDBC 2.0.2 completely from your computer even tried it on Windows "ADD/REMOVE Programs?
Looking and searching for a solution to totally uninstall C-JDBC 2.0.2?
Many people have tried just everything to uninstall C-JDBC 2.0.2 and thought it's gone successfully. However, when they update or install another software on computer the error message comes up saying that you need to uninstall C-JDBC 2.0.2 first to do this. If you are one of the many who have tried to work out this agonising process and want to completely uninstall C-JDBC 2.0.2 from your computer.
Step 3. Locate C-JDBC 2.0.2 and click "Remove" to uninstall C-JDBC 2.0.2.
Wait for the standard uninstall process to be finished. Go ahead and clean the C-JDBC 2.0.2 leftover files.
Step 7. Once done, scroll through this section and find C-JDBC 2.0.2 and related folder to be deleted.
In order to remove C-JDBC 2.0.2 from your computer you need to make a choice whether do it manually or pick an uninstaller software to finish the job for you.
I highly recommend you to use an uninstaller for good. Because when you uninstall C-JDBC 2.0.2 manually, it's high likely it will fail, which will cost you huge amount of time and energy and at the mean time, it can also be very dangerous on the next registry editing step.
Consequently, it is the main reason to use an uninstaller to remove C-JDBC 2.0.2 from your

########
Rank: 26
Score: 24.461779
Retrieved Text: Can't uninstall R.E. Floor Scheduler 2.20 completely from your computer?
Are you getting error messages that stop you from trying to Remove R.E. Floor Scheduler 2.20 from your PC?
Frustrated because you cannot uninstall R.E. Floor Scheduler 2.20 completely from your computer even tried it on Windows "ADD/REMOVE Programs?
Looking and searching for a solution to totally uninstall R.E. Floor Scheduler 2.20?
Many people have tried just everything to uninstall R.E. Floor Scheduler 2.20 and thought it's gone successfully. However, when they update or install another software on computer the error message comes up saying that you need to uninstall R.E. Floor Scheduler 2.20 first to do this. If you are one of the many who have tried to work out this agonising process and want to completely uninstall R.E. Floor Scheduler 2.20 from your computer.
Step 3. Locate R.E. Floor Scheduler 2.20 and click "Remove" to uninstall R.E. Floor Scheduler 2.20.
Wait for the standard uninstall process to be finished. Go ahead and clean the R.E. Floor Scheduler 2.20 leftover files.
Step 7. Once done, scroll through this section and find R.E. Floor Scheduler 2.20 and related folder to be deleted.
In order to remove R.E. Floor Scheduler 2.20 from your computer you need to make a choice whether do it manually or pick an uninstaller software to finish the job for you.
I highly recommend you to use an uninstaller for good. Because when you uninstall R.E. Floor Scheduler 2.20 manually, it's high likely it will fail, which will cost you huge amount of time and energy and at the mean time, it

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.461779
Retrieved Text: Can't uninstall R-Drive Image completely from your computer?
Are you getting error messages that stop you from trying to Remove R-Drive Image from your PC?
Frustrated because you cannot uninstall R-Drive Image completely from your computer even tried it on Windows "ADD/REMOVE Programs?
Looking and searching for a solution to totally uninstall R-Drive Image?
Many people have tried just everything to uninstall R-Drive Image and thought it's gone successfully. However, when they update or install another software on computer the error message comes up saying that you need to uninstall R-Drive Image first to do this. If you are one of the many who have tried to work out this agonising process and want to completely uninstall R-Drive Image from your computer.
Step 3. Locate R-Drive Image and click "Remove" to uninstall R-Drive Image.
Wait for the standard uninstall process to be finished. Go ahead and clean the R-Drive Image leftover files.
Step 7. Once done, scroll through this section and find R-Drive Image and related folder to be deleted.
In order to remove R-Drive Image from your computer you need to make a choice whether do it manually or pick an uninstaller software to finish the job for you.
I highly recommend you to use an uninstaller for good. Because when you uninstall R-Drive Image manually, it's high likely it will fail, which will cost you huge amount of time and energy and at the mean time, it can also be very dangerous on the next registry editing step.
Consequently, it is the main reason to use an uninstaller to remove R-Drive Image from your

########
Rank: 28
Score: 24.459223
Retrieved Text: Can't uninstall N10-003: Network 2005 completely from your computer?
Are you getting error messages that stop you from trying to Remove N10-003: Network 2005 from your PC?
Frustrated because you cannot uninstall N10-003: Network 2005 completely from your computer even tried it on Windows "ADD/REMOVE Programs?
Looking and searching for a solution to totally uninstall N10-003: Network 2005 ?
Many people have tried just everything to uninstall N10-003: Network 2005 and thought it's gone successfully. However, when they update or install another software on computer the error message comes up saying that you need to uninstall N10-003: Network 2005 first to do this. If you are one of the many who have tried to work out this agonising process and want to completely uninstall N10-003: Network 2005 from your computer.
Step 3. Locate N10-003: Network 2005 and click "Remove" to uninstall N10-003: Network 2005 .
Wait for the standard uninstall process to be finished. Go ahead and clean the N10-003: Network 2005 leftover files.
Step 7. Once done, scroll through this section and find N10-003: Network 2005 and related folder to be deleted.
In order to remove N10-003: Network 2005 from your computer you need to make a choice whether do it manually or pick an uninstaller software to finish the job for you.
I highly recommend you to use an uninstaller for good. Because when you uninstall N10-003: Network 2005 manually, it's high likely it will fail, which will cost you huge amount of time and energy and at the mean time, it can also be very dangerous on the next registry editing step.
Consequently,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 24.459223
Retrieved Text: Can't uninstall X Exit Widows 5.03.0922 completely from your computer?
Are you getting error messages that stop you from trying to Remove X Exit Widows 5.03.0922 from your PC?
Frustrated because you cannot uninstall X Exit Widows 5.03.0922 completely from your computer even tried it on Windows "ADD/REMOVE Programs?
Looking and searching for a solution to totally uninstall X Exit Widows 5.03.0922?
Many people have tried just everything to uninstall X Exit Widows 5.03.0922 and thought it's gone successfully. However, when they update or install another software on computer the error message comes up saying that you need to uninstall X Exit Widows 5.03.0922 first to do this. If you are one of the many who have tried to work out this agonising process and want to completely uninstall X Exit Widows 5.03.0922 from your computer.
Step 3. Locate X Exit Widows 5.03.0922 and click "Remove" to uninstall X Exit Widows 5.03.0922.
Wait for the standard uninstall process to be finished. Go ahead and clean the X Exit Widows 5.03.0922 leftover files.
Step 7. Once done, scroll through this section and find X Exit Widows 5.03.0922 and related folder to be deleted.
In order to remove X Exit Widows 5.03.0922 from your computer you need to make a choice whether do it manually or pick an uninstaller software to finish the job for you.
I highly recommend you to use an uninstaller for good. Because when you uninstall X Exit Widows 5.03.0922 manually, it's high likely it will fail, which will cost you huge amount of time and energy and at the mean time, it

================



======= Instance Index 19 =========
Input Text: A condom is a form of contraceptive for a penis, meanwhile a diaphragm is one designed for a what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- drawer
- vagina
- arm
- health center
- medicine cabinet

Target Text: vagina

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 48.33405
Retrieved Text: Expanding access to an array of reproductive health products and managing large-scale distribution: Under the USAID-funded, Expanding Effective Contraceptive Options (EECO) project, WCG and PSI are working together to introduce new methods of contraception. Large-scale pilots in Zambia, Malawi, Madagascar and India will provide women with greater choice to prevent unplanned pregnancy. New methods supported under EECO include four new product lines: a contraceptive gel; new barrier methods; a hormonal intrauterine system (IUS) and intra-vaginal rings (IVR).
Globally, 110 million women cite method-related reasons for non-use of contraception. Each product in the EECO project possesses important benefits that address one or more method related reasons for non-use, e.g., they are non-hormonal, appropriate for breastfeeding women, discreet. Additionally, because most are woman-initiated, these products have the potential to overcome access barriers related to the limited number providers and/or provider or partner bias against contraceptives.
As of June 2015, the project has registered the PATH-developed SILCS Diaphragm and Woman’s Condom in Malawi and Zambia. A background research review was performed for all EECO products, and formative and market research were completed in Malawi and Zambia for the SILCS Diaphragm and the Woman’s Condom. Marketing plans and country-specific branding and packaging were developed for both products and countries. Distribution and promotion of the Woman’s Condom will launch in Malawi and Zambia in Q3/Q4 2015. Distribution and promotion of the SILCS Diaphragm will not take place until 2016.
In April 2015, WCG completed a regulatory assessment for the SILCS Diaphragm and Amphora Contraceptive Gel in India. PSI will initiate market research in India

########
Rank: 1
Score: 35.800632
Retrieved Text: What are the most promising recent new developments in contraceptive research and implementation? What are current priorities in the research and development of new contraceptives? What are some of the new contraceptive technologies currently in the field? Which technologies are being developed for future testing and implementation? And once a new contraceptive has been developed, how is it introduced into a country? These and other questions from science to research to field implementation were addressed by a panel of experts as part of PRB’s 2010-2011 Policy Seminar series.
Jeff Spieler, the senior technical adviser in science and technology in the Office of Population and Reproductive Health at USAID, presented priorities in contraceptive technology, including working with existing technologies and adapting them to improve use. Not only does family planning enable couples to space births, but it also reduces the incidence of abortion and prevents infection from diseases that normally exist in animals but can be transmitted to humans. “If we could develop contraceptives that have other health benefits than just preventing unintended pregnancy, which is a huge health benefit, it really would change the equation for some people on why they would choose a method,” he said. He stressed the unmet need for injectable contraceptives, including a new formulation of Depo-Provera that community-based health workers can safely and effectively administer to patients. Spieler also described new hormonal implants and intrauterine devices that are low-cost, safe, and highly effective. Contraceptive vaginal rings are also an effective and convenient method. But one very low-cost method, a condom for women,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 35.77283
Retrieved Text: Specifically designed to maximize sexual sensation while helping to protect against STI's and unwanted pregnancy, Durex presents the Extra Smooth version of a trusted contraceptive. The thinnest and most transparent condom developed by Durex, Extra Smooth contains an extra hit of silky lubrication to help eliminate friction and further enhance pleasure. Nominal width 52mm. Please read included leaflet for more information on proper condom use. 8 included.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 35.097614
Retrieved Text: Women across sub-Saharan Africa face multiple threats to their sexual and reproductive health. In South Africa, almost 20% of pregnancies are unwanted and an additional 36% are unintended at the time of conception, highlighting problems in access to and effective use of contraception. The heavy burden of sexually transmitted infections (STIs), including HIV/AIDS, presents a further challenge to women’s health. In this context there is growing recognition of the importance of dual-method use, defined as the simultaneous use of condoms and a non-barrier contraceptive, as an important strategy for promoting reproductive health. While condoms alone do protect against both pregnancy and STI, condom use over the long term may lead to unacceptable contraceptive failure rates. Therefore, combining condom use with an effective non-barrier contraceptive, usually a hormonal method, helps to ensure effective prevention of both unwanted pregnancy and STI.
Morroni, C., Tibazarwa, K., & Myer, L. (2006). Combined condom and contraceptive use among South African women: scientific letter. South African Medical Journal, 96(7), p-620.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 35.093098
Retrieved Text: Dr. Elizabeth Pryor answers the question, Can I take birth control pills postpartum if I plan to breastfeed my baby?
I gave birth several months ago, and I&apos;m now thinking about resuming birth control. Is it okay to go back on the pill, or should I explore other forms of birth control? I&apos;m breastfeeding my baby and I&apos;m worried that the pill might hurt her.
This is an important time to consider birth control options. Some women falsely believe that they cannot get pregnant for several months after giving birth.
There are several forms of birth control that are safe to use while breastfeeding. Of course, barrier methods such as a condom used with contraceptive foam have no systemic effects. Other methods include an IUD or diaphragm. It is important to be properly fitted for a diaphragm as your body changes with breastfeeding. A diaphragm may not fit as well or be as effective if you continue to lose weight in the postpartum period. You should be refitted if you lose more than 15 pounds.
There is a birth control pill that&apos;s used frequently by breastfeeding mothers -- a progesterone-only pill called Micronor. In fact, it&apos;s marketed specifically at lactating women. It doesn&apos;t contain estrogen. The downside with this pill is the cost -- it&apos;s more expensive than other pills. The other very important aspect that a woman considering this pill should understand is that she must take it within three hours the same time every day. We&apos;ve all forgotten a pill at night and say to ourselves, "I&apos;ll just

########
Rank: 5
Score: 34.331825
Retrieved Text: Women healthcare providers have revealed their birth-control weapon of choice, and it's not a tiny white pill.
According to a new study published in Contraception, a striking percentage of women's health providers who take birth control use a long-acting reversible contraceptive (LARC) method like an intrauterine device or contraceptive implant. Doctor knows best, right?
For the report, researchers from Planned Parenthood surveyed 500 female women’s health providers between the ages of 25 and 44. Of the 67 percent that were using contraception, 42 percent were using IUDs or a contraceptive implant—compared to only 12 percent of women in the general population.
Contraceptive implants are considered the most effective form of reversible birth control, since human error is removed from the equation: You can forget to take a pill, but you can’t forget to use that thing chilling out in your uterus. They're currently the third most popular method among women aged 25 and 44, after the pill (19 percent) and condom (13 percent)—but use has greatly increased over the past few years.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 33.878384
Retrieved Text: Women have a range of contraceptive methods, from pills to patches to IUDs. But there hasn’t been a new form of contraception developed for men since the vasectomy became the preferred method of sterilizing criminals at the end of the 19th century. There hasn’t been a reversible method invented since the condom came into widespread use during the Renaissance.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 33.513878
Retrieved Text: Despite the important role adolescent and young adult men play in preventing teen pregnancy, few evidence-based interventions are specifically designed for young men. Three research projects, funded through a collaborative initiative between the HHS Office of Adolescent Health (OAH) and the CDC, support piloting and evaluating innovative interventions designed for young men aged 15 to 24 years to reduce the risk of teen pregnancies that can be carried out in target settings. Funded projects address a diversity of risk and protective factors and a range of intervention strategies and settings. The projects include a motivational interviewing intervention using mobile devices; a father-son intervention delivered in the home; and a group-based intervention that aims to create support for young men as they explore and redefine healthier versions of manhood for themselves.
Computer-Assisted Motivational Interviewing Intervention for Teen Pregnancy Prevention (CAMI-TPP): The CAMI-TPP intervention, for males aged 15 to24 years in clinic settings, consists of four, 30-minute 1:1 motivational interviewing coaching sessions conducted over 12 weeks. A trained health coach and a mobile application (app) enables participants to record health behaviors, identify values and future plans, and set and track goals for their health behaviors. Topics include increasing condom use, supporting a female partner’s contraceptive use, and completing a reproductive health visit with sexually transmitted infection testing.
Father’s Raising Responsible Men (FFRM): The FFRM intervention, for black/African American and Latino males, aged 15 to 19 years and their fathers in community-based settings, consists of two, 60- to 90-minute intervention sessions delivered to fathers by trained father coaches over a month.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 33.370426
Retrieved Text: "The two most widely used male contraceptives are condom and vasectomy," noted a team led by Xiaolei Wang, of Nanchang University. "A reliable and reversible medium-term [2 to 20 weeks] contraceptive method between the one-off condom and permanent contraception is urgently needed."
So, Wang's group developed a form of male contraception in which layers of materials are injected into the vas deferens -- the duct through which sperm travels from the testicle to the urethra -- to block it.
The Chinese group say they tested this method in male rats by injecting four layers of materials into the vas deferens. In sequence, the injected layers were: a hydrogel that forms a physical barrier to sperm; gold nanoparticles that heat up when irradiated with near-infrared light; ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid (EDTA), a chemical that breaks down the hydrogel and also kills sperm; and one more layer of gold nanoparticles.
While in place, the liquid layers in the vas deferens prevented the male rats from impregnating females for more than 2 months, Wang's team reported Jan 30 in the journal ACS Nano.
But when the researchers shone a near-infrared lamp on the male rats for a few minutes, the layers mixed and dissolved, and the male rats were once again able to impregnate females. This offers "an effective and reversible manner to fill the gap of current medium-term contraceptive strategy" for men, the team said.
But, "though our method is promising, there is still a long way to go for practical practice," the Chinese team said. "More animal experiments are needed to verify the safety

########
Rank: 9
Score: 33.314404
Retrieved Text: What’s more, we know older women can develop a number of complications including high blood pressure, miscarriage, diabetes and chromosomal challenges with the baby so an accidental pregnancy should be avoided at all costs.
If you’re experiencing vaginal dryness post menopause, care should be taken with using oil-based lubricants as these can split the condom and render it ineffective.
If you’ve not previously used this method you might find it awkward, and if you’re suffering from a small prolapse or from stress incontinence using a diaphragm and cap can feel uncomfortable. However, if you’re happy using this approach you’ll find that spermicides provide the extra lubrication you may need so you can use this until menopause.
Hormonal methods will not only help to regulate your periods, they may also provide for the maintenance of bone density, reduced blood loss and less painful periods, What’s more they can ease some of the menopausal challenges such as night sweats or hot flushes.
In this event progestogen only methods are recommended. Unlike the combined pill, the POP or mini pill contains no oestrogen and a lower dose of progestogen. Although this can be used up to the age of 55, you have to meticulously take them at the same time of day for them to be effective, and they may produce irregular periods or heavy bleeding. There is also a significant increase in the risk of developing ovarian cysts.
The progestogen only contraceptive injection is considered safe to use until the age of 50. However, there is some concern that the injection may reduce

########
Rank: 10
Score: 32.855427
Retrieved Text: Inside a stall in a row shops in Bhandara, just off the edge of the highway winding around the perimeter of Chitwan National Park, Mishiri Ram Mohara polished a piece of leather for the pair of shoes he was making. The cobbler, a 40-year-old father of three, spends his working hours making and selling shoes along with a seemingly incongruent companion product - condoms.
On the wooden shelves lining the plank walls of Mishiri's kiosk, handmade shoes rest next to a well-stocked corner display of the Nepal Contraceptive Retail Sales (CRS) Company's black and red boxes of Dhaal condoms and other condom brands. Although he clearly displays his wares, discretion is the key to Mishiri's condom sales success.
"Most people pretend to be shopping for shoes," he said with a sly grin, "but they rarely leave without a condom." Customers appreciate the quality of craftsmanship in his shoes, according to Mishiri, but what they most appreciate is being able purchase condoms discretely, without having to visit a shop that carries many consumable items and is frequented by friends or neighbors or relatives who might gossip is they noticed someone from the community purchasing a condom.
Discretion has paid off. Sales of condoms vastly outnumber shoe purchases in Mishiri's kiosk. "In one month, I sell 10 or 12 pairs of shoes," he says, "perhaps 15 pairs during festivals. In one month I sell 10 boxes of Dhaal." Each display-dispenser box contains 72 condoms, and, at roughly 720 condoms per month, Mishiri's sales overshadow those of the more traditional consumable goods

########
Rank: 11
Score: 32.717495
Retrieved Text: I just want to know i went for my first injection last year november and on the 6th jan 2009 and the last couple of weeks i had a bad odore and my doc said i had a bacterial infection and he gave me anti- biotics namely: amoxil, folic acid,semous sulphate and flagyl. So what i want to know is will these affect my contraceptive in anyway and will i still be protected from pregnancy.and if it does affect the contraceptive how soon can my partner and I sleep together with out a condom.
Thank you very much your advise will help allot.
I confirm that the anti-biotics will not have any effect on your contraceptive.
Thank you very much I was a bit worried at first but you cleared all the worries.
If you go for your injection on time your safe, antibiotics dont interfer with the injection only the pill.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 31.822603
Retrieved Text: Can testosterone replacement therapy prevent pregnancy and act as an effective form of birth control? Can you get a girl pregnant on TRT?
My girlfriend and I recently had an accident in the bedroom where the condom broke.
We were both stressing a little, because getting the morning after pill is a big hassle in Hungary. You have to book an appointment with the doctor, go in for a visit, and you only get 2-3 pills a year.
Even getting the regular pill was a chore, requiring a prescription and blood tests before starting.
Just three weeks earlier we had a condom break and had already been through this whole process, so she was not keen to do it again – especially considering that her mother arranges the doctor’s appointments (she’s 19 and her mother works at the hospital) and she was due to start the pill shortly.
Also, I still had to meet the parents and was hoping to do so without them thinking that I was a sexual deviant.
I had heard countless stories and anecdotes about testosterone replacement therapy affecting sperm quality and even being used as a form of contraceptive.
That got me wondering whether we even needed to worry at all. Maybe my sperm quality was so low that I was technically infertile, and we didn’t have anything to worry about?
I didn’t want to risk something like this on a hunch, so I decided to dig further, just to be sure.
NOTE: All studies and research used for this article can be found in the References section at the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 31.75721
Retrieved Text: Objective: To study the knowledge, attitude, and practice (KAP) of contraception among semi-urban women. This is a qualitative assessment of knowledge, attitude, and practices for the use of family planning methods in a community. As the various factors which influence the acceptance of family planning methods, this study was conducted to explore and to guide us to have corrective measures for the above. Methods: This study was done among 100 married women between the age group of 18-45 years attending a health facility and was questioned by a preset semi-structured performa during a fixed period. This is a cross-sectional study; the assessment included an assessment by a preset performa. The performa included details of knowledge, attitude, and practice regarding contraceptive use. Results: All women were aware of at least one contraceptive method, 11% never used contraception. The most commonly used contraceptive was condom (55%), followed by 26 CU-T, 13% pills, 6% injectable, 5% tubectomy and 3% emergency contraception. There was a lack of knowledge of modern methods of contraception. Few of them were willing for a permanent method of sterilization. There was a KAP gap of 20% in total subjects and it was more significant among Muslim as compared to Hindu women. Conclusions: Though every woman in the study was aware of at least one contraceptive method the use of the contraceptive method was not 100%. Therefore, there is a strong need for motivational strategies to make people accept the methods. Furthermore, there is a need to organize more educational programs and health camps to increase

########
Rank: 14
Score: 31.36876
Retrieved Text: A scientific breakthrough involving sterile mice made news this week, and could mean that we will see a commercially-developed Male Contraceptive Pill on our shelves within five years.
Call me crazy, but I really don’t think it’s their problem at all.
It’s my body and it’s not bloody likely I’d trust anyone with my uterus on that level. Not even my own husband.
Like it or not, it’s us women who get pregnant, carry the baby and give birth in 40-hour labour marathons (sometimes without drugs, which really blows my mind).
It comes down to the classic sales and negotiation principal: What’s In It For Me?
What’s in it for me, is that there are no little surprises turning up in my womb before I’m ready for them.
I’m not sure the benefits are all that tangible for men.
There’s way more at stake for the women of this world – and even so, it’s scarily easy to forget to pop that little pill every day.
The only benefit I see of the Male Contraceptive pill would be for men to protect themselves from unwanted pregnancies against condom breakages and women who might forget to take their own pills… if nothing else, it offers a reliable way for men to control their paternity that hasn’t been seen before.
What do you think? Is male-onus contraception the way of the future?
This sounds like a pretty good idea, but I don’t think should ever be a condom replacement in certain situations, but could be very useful as an extra precautionary step in contraception. You mentioned it would

########
Rank: 15
Score: 30.726896
Retrieved Text: You are now viewing Redtube in English. You need the latest version of Adobe Flash Player to view this video. Click here to download. You are seeing drunk hot teen fucked message either because your Flash Player is outdated or because your browser does not support HTML5 player. Remember this someone's daughter getting fucked without a condom by some randy student.
I need whore like that .
What contraceptive method u use?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 30.706146
Retrieved Text: Family Planning is one of the priority programs of Government of Nepal, Ministry of Health. It is also considered as a component of reproductive health package and essential health care services of Nepal Health Sector Program II (2010-2015), National Family Planning Costed Implementation Plan 2015-2021, Nepal Health Sector Strategy 2015-2020 (NHSS) and the Government of Nepal’s commitments to FP2020. In Nepal, FP information and services are being provided through government, social marketing, non-governmental organizations and private sectors. In government health system, currently, short acting reversible contraceptive methods (SARCs: male condoms, oral pills and injectable) are provided on a regular basis through primary health care centers (PHCC), health posts (HP) and primary health care outreach clinics (PHC/ORC). Female Community Health Volunteers (FCHVs) provide information and education to community people, and distribute condom and resupply of oral contraceptive pills. Long acting reversible contraceptive (LARC) services such as IUCD and implants are available only at limited number of hospitals, PHCCs and HPs where trained health care providers are available.
Free counselling, family planning commodities.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 30.420221
Retrieved Text: As a country, Turkey is committed to improving maternal and child health. Turkey legalized family planning education and the provision of contraception in the mid-1960s and legalized abortion in 1983. Turkey’s family planning programs have helped the country achieve a contraceptive prevalence rate of 64%. However, there is still a high degree of reliance on traditional methods such as withdrawal, which causes a relatively high rate of unintended pregnancy and abortion.
DKT Turkey was founded in 2008 with the mission of reducing the rate of unwanted pregnancies and HIV/AIDS transmission. DKT’s decision to establish a program in Turkey was based on the country’s high rates of unintended pregnancies and abortion, a low usage rate of modern contraceptives, and a high-priced commercial condom market.
DKT recently launched innovative educational campaigns to increase condom use throughout the country, and currently markets two lines of condoms and a line of lubricants, which are available for purchase in stores and online. DKT Turkey’s current strategic goals are to increase condom availability throughout the country, reduce condom prices in the commercial sector, and achieve sustainability. We are also focused on expanding our social media presence to engage.
In 2018, DKT Turkey generated 175,959 couple years of protection.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 29.94603
Retrieved Text: Most women of childbearing age use hormonal contraception methods. However, hormonal contraception is contraindicated in some women, so they use non hormonal birth control options.
The advantage of non-hormonal methods of birth control is the fact that they do not increase blood pressure; do not cause edema and other undesired side effects.
It should be noted that non hormonal birth control pills are not manufactured or sold. Therefore, all proposals to buy non hormonal birth control pills online is a scam.
In this review, you will find important, interesting and reliable information about non-hormonal birth control options. If this review does not include the answer to your question about non-hormonal birth control, please, ask your question by email or phone.
You may obtain additional information about hormonal and non-hormonal methods of pregnancy prevention in any country of the world.
Not many men and women know that condom use is one of the unreliable contraception methods. The effectiveness of the female condom is about 20%, but in the use of male condoms, this index is equal to 11%.
Effectiveness of cervical caps and contraceptive diaphragms is almost identical. Clinical data demonstrates that the effectiveness of these non hormonal contraceptives is equal to 17%. The indicator of efficiency of contraceptive diaphragms and cervical caps is lower than that of female condoms, but is significantly higher than that of male condoms.
Reliable and absolutely safe barrier contraception can both replace and supplement hormonal contraception. Women, who have forgot to take a birth control pill before sexual act, should use one of the non-hormonal birth control options

########
Rank: 19
Score: 29.932829
Retrieved Text: High Impact Practice:Support distribution of a wide range of contraceptive methods and promotion of healthy family planning behaviors through social marketing.
Social marketing in family planning programs makes contraceptive products accessible and affordable through private-sector outlets, such as pharmacies and shops, while using commercial marketing techniques to achieve specific behavioral goals. Social marketers combine product, price, place (distribution), and promotion—often referred to as the “4Ps” or the “marketing mix”—to maximize use of specific health products among targeted population groups.
There is a wide range of social marketing models to draw on; the choice of model depends on program goals, the country context, the level of investment, and time frame.1 As Figure 1 illustrates, social marketing is designed to fill the “gap in the middle,” reaching those not served with free programs from the public sector or with high-priced commercial products targeted to the wealthiest segments. In reality, social marketing programs can be designed to also reach the poor, if product prices are subsidized sufficiently. Conversely, when subsidized social marketing programs are ineffectively targeted, they can crowd out commercial brands.
1 The discussion of social marketing models draws heavily from “Social Marketing Models for Product-Based Reproductive Health Programs” (Armand, 2003).
Social marketing interventions can help achieve: (1) increased availability of family planning products, (2) increased range of available products at a variety of prices resulting in increased client choice, (3) reduced burden on the public sector by shifting clients who can pay to the private sector, (4) increased family planning program sustainability, (5) better targeting of donor funding, and (6) increased

########
Rank: 20
Score: 29.905205
Retrieved Text: Class A: essential and mandatory in all circumstances for safe and effective use of the contraceptive method.
Class B: contributes substantially to safe and effective use, but implementation may be considered within the public health and/or service context; risk of not performing an examination or test should be balanced against the benefits of making the contraceptive method available.
Class C: does not contribute substantially to safe and effective use of the contraceptive method.
These classifications focus on the relationship of the examinations or tests to safe initiation of a contraceptive method. They are not intended to address the appropriateness of these examinations or tests in other circumstances. For example, some of the examinations or tests that are not deemed necessary for safe and effective contraceptive use might be appropriate for good preventive health care or for diagnosing or assessing suspected medical conditions. Any additional screening needed for preventative health care can be performed at the time of contraception initiation and initiation should not be delayed for test results.
No examinations or tests are needed before initiating condoms or spermicides. A bimanual examination is necessary for diaphragm fitting. A bimanual examination and cervical inspection are needed for cervical cap fitting.
Abbreviations: BMI = body mass index; CHC = combined hormonal contraceptive; Cu-IUD = copper-containing intrauterine device; HIV = human immunodeficiency virus; LNG-IUD = levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine device; POP = progestin-only pill; STD = sexually transmitted disease; U.S. MEC = U.S. Medical Eligibility Criteria for Contraceptive Use.
*In instances in which blood pressure cannot be measured by a provider, blood pressure measured in other settings

########
Rank: 21
Score: 29.749718
Retrieved Text: CNN Chief Political Analyst Gloria Borger talks about the Catholic vote in this year's election.
Watch The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer weekdays at 4pm to 6pm ET and Saturdays at 6pm ET. For the latest from The Situation Room click here.
Exactly plan to express your article actually surprising. That clarity within your write-up is merely interesting and so i could anticipate you're an skilled on this particular theme. Very good along with your concur i want to to grab your own nourish to maintain modernized with the help of impending content. Thank you millions of together with be sure to maintain any satisfying deliver the results.
I'm sorry, "Atheism is not healthy for children and other living things", but your assertions regarding atheism and prayer are unfounded. Using my Idiomatic Expression Equivalency module, the expression that best matches the degree to which your assertions may represent truths is: "TOTAL FAIL".
IF THE PILL AND MALE CONDOMS WERE USED PROPERLY, ABORTION WOULD NOT BE AN ISSUE AND OBAMA WOULD NOT BE PRESIDENT BUT THESE CONTRACEPTIVES ARE STILL NOT USED PROPERLY AND OBAMA WILL EASILY WIN THE ELECTION.
Scroll down the page to see the actual numbers.
i believe its reality that you need...you are seriously missing something.
just so ya know, if you believe in god then you should be happy these babies were aborted....they are with god now afterall...shut up, grow up, and learn something outside the bibles bullshi.t.....moron.
Yes, if Bush Sr. has only used a condom properly, alot of things might have never happened.
: The failures of the widely used

########
Rank: 22
Score: 29.637802
Retrieved Text: Contraception helps someone to prevent pregnancy. There are 15 available contraceptive methods in the UK.
Norfolk’s child sexual exploitation (CSE) campaign aims to help parents, carers and professionals spot the signs of CSE and encourage them to report their concerns so they can be investigated.
A leaderboard web banner to raise awareness of the Sexual Health campaign. This is targeted at 16-24 year olds which ultimately aims to reduce rates of STIs through increased condom usage.
An MPU banner to raise awareness of the Sexual Health campaign. This is targeted at 16-24 year olds which ultimately aims to reduce rates of STIs through increased condom usage.
A skyscraper web banner to raise awareness of the Sexual Health campaign. This is targeted at 16-24 year olds which ultimately aims to reduce rates of STIs through increased condom usage.
An TV screen display to raise awareness of the Sexual Health campaign. This is targeted at 16-24 year olds which ultimately aims to reduce rates of STIs through increased condom usage.
A e-mail signature to raise awareness of the Sexual Health campaign on STIs and young people.
A leaderboard web banner to raise awareness of the Sexual Health campaign on STIs and young people.
An MPU web banner to raise awareness of the Sexual Health campaign on STIs and young people.
A skyscraper web banner to raise awareness of the Sexual Health campaign on STIs and young people.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 29.379877
Retrieved Text: Birth control pills come in packs. The most common type has 3 weeks of hormone pills. Some packs have sugar pills for the fourth week. During that fourth no-hormone week, you have your menstrual period. After the fourth week (28 days), you start a new pack.
Some birth control pills are packaged so that you take hormone pills continuously for a period of time. With pills packaged in this way, you may not have a monthly period or you may only have a period every couple of months.
Quick start. During your medical appointment, take your first pill as soon as you get the pack from your doctor. Take the second pill the next day. During the first 7 days of pills, use a backup method of birth control, like a condom or diaphragm.
Sunday start. Pick a Sunday to take your first pill, so that you do not have periods on the weekends. During the first 7 days of pills, use a backup method of birth control, like a condom or diaphragm.
Fifth-day start. On the fifth day of your menstrual period, take your first pill.
Pick a time. Link up your "pill time" with something you do every day, like brushing your teeth, eating a meal, or going to bed.
Use your calendar. Mark the days you will start new packs. You might even want to cross off each day you take your pill.
Check again. Each morning, check your pack to be sure you took yesterday's pill. If you find you've missed one, take it right away.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 29.30778
Retrieved Text: Contraceptive Diaphragm & Gel, Thread, plastic applicator and silicone diaphragm on aida cloth, 6 x 9 in., 2016.
All Content Is Copyrighted by Katrina Majkut. Any Type of Use or Reproduction is Prohibited.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 29.242186
Retrieved Text: A proposed health services fee has the potential to add $99 or $114 per quarter to the current fee.
Trojan has released an annual Sexual Health Report Card for the last eight years. Schools are graded across 11 categories, including health center hours of operation, contraceptive and condom availability, website usability and sexual health education programs and organizations.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 29.19627
Retrieved Text: The recent flap over whether or not birth control will be considered a co-pay-free “preventive service” won’t be resolved until Health and Human Services issues a ruling next August. But in the meantime, I’ve been thinking a lot about the cost of birth control, specifically, cost-effectiveness. After all, contraceptive use in and of itself saves around $19 billion in direct medical costs in the US.
I recently found a study that shows that it’s not just the cost of the birth control that Americans pay for: it’s the failure cost. As shown in this 2009 study by Princeton’s James Trussell, oral contraceptives only cost around $526 a year themselves but the cost of their failure during typical use adds another $132 a year. I was surprised to learn that one of the most cost-effective methods of birth control (aside from more permanent methods like vasectomy or IUDs) is the male condom. In fact, according to Trussell’s paper, out of 17 methods of contraception, not taking insurance into account, the patch, the pill, and the sponge are among the least cost-effective; the most cost-effective are IUDs, vasectomy, and the male condom.
The patch, the pill, and the sponge are among the least cost-effective; the most are IUDs, vasectomy, and… the male condom.
This isn’t to say that I advocate insurance companies only cover cost-effective methods of birth control, but I find it interesting that the system is set up so that even if you use a birth control method with a very high failure rate (e.g. withdrawal, fertility awareness), it’s

########
Rank: 27
Score: 29.089645
Retrieved Text: There has been an exponential growth in the number of people with Chronic Kidney Disease (CKD) needing dialysis or transplantation, increasing from 209,000 in 1991 to 472,000 in 2004. This is highly concerning due to both the human cost and the burden that it represents to the health care system. Recent comparison of the NHANES surveys showed that CKD prevalence increased from 10% in 1988-1994 to 13% in 1999-2004. Patients with CKD are more likely to die from premature cardiovascular death than to reach ESRD. In those that reach ESRD, cardiovascular disease (CVD) accounts for over half of the deaths in dialysis. The prevalence of CKD for the VA population is 20%, and 31.6% for diabetics, higher than in the general population. These observations emphasize the need of risk stratification, early detection, and prevention efforts with respect to CKD progression and the CVD burden that afflicts CKD through targeted interventions in high-risk groups (personalized medicine).
CKD is multifactorial, however familial aggregation of end-stage renal disease (ESRD) and CKD have been reported for all types of nephropathy underscoring "kidney disease genetic susceptibility ". Genetic predisposition to ESRD is stronger in African Africans. African Americans with a first-degree relative with ESRD have a 9-fold increase risk of ESRD vs. a 3-5 fold increase in whites.
Studies consistently show that CKD is an inflammatory process and that biomarkers of inflammation increase since early stages of CKD. CVD is also an inflammatory process, and genes that affect inflammation are associated with higher risk of CVD. Since inflammation is a common denominator of

########
Rank: 28
Score: 28.886686
Retrieved Text: I find breastfeeding and fertility so fascinating. Just another one of those miraculous hormonal things our body does to help us out! Did you realise that the Lactational Amenorrhea Method (LAM) is 98% effective for most mothers of babies under 6 months old?
Do You Want to Increase Fertility Naturally?
To be nearly fully breastfeeding you will need to be offering your breast milk at every feed before supplementing.
In general you're aiming for the balance of breastfeeding and fertility hormones to stay more in the breastfeeding side. That means you need to have not more than four hours between breastfeeds during the day and not more than 6 hours between breastfeeds at night.
I'm putting together some research from increasing milk supply now, but in general, if you feed around 3am (or anywhere between 2 and 4am ish) you'll get the most breastfeeding hormones going - great for supply and for keeping your period away!!
Studies show that LAM is more effective if your baby is fed at least 8 times a day, and better again if it's more than that. Demand feeding fits very well with this type of family planning.
So What Do I Need to Be Careful Of?
Basically, if you're really worried about having another baby too quickly, use protection or abstain!
I've Used Natural Family Planning Before, What Do I Need to Know After 6 Months of Breastfeeding and Fertility Increases?
For those who've used natural family planning before their pregnancy it is advisable to be a little cautious initially. The Lactational Amenorrhea Method for breastfeeding and fertility will

########
Rank: 29
Score: 28.867002
Retrieved Text: The number of abortions would decrease in the United States if only contraception and birth control were promoted to a higher degree, abortion advocates say, but the new abortion report issued today by the Guttmacher Institute puts that notion to rest.
The report showed the decline in abortions that had been taking place over the last two decades has finally stopped. Instead, abortions increased very slightly, though the addition of abortion centers to the new 2008 report that did not make their abortions totals known in 2005 likely accounts for the increase.
The stoppage of the decline in abortions come as Planned Parenthood and abortion advocates successfully lobbied the Obama administration and Congress to shift taxpayer funding from abstinence education to family planning, arguing it will decrease abortions further. Yet, the report indicates a majority of abortions took place after contraception failure.
The Guttmacher report shows “54 percent of women who have abortions had used a contraceptive method *usually condom or the pill) during the month they became pregnant.” These figures are similar to those of a report in Spain showing abortions doubling despite increased family planning promotion.
Despite the figures and the failure of birth control and contraception to arrest the abortion figures, Planned Parenthood said in a statement it should be promoted further.
The report “underscores need for access to affordable birth control ” the abortion giant added.
But Thomas Peters of CatholicVote.org says Planned Parenthood is clearly misreading the numbers.
“In other words, when faced with the raw numbers that contraceptive use does not rule out “unplanned” pregnancies, Planned Parenthood

================



======= Instance Index 20 =========
Input Text: A continent is a large area of land, but the globe is mostly covered by an what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- ocean
- australia
- asia
- continent
- island

Target Text: ocean

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 33.463924
Retrieved Text: Australia is a most famous trip vacation location locations among the globe traveler. Australia has world sixth quantity geographical land which has all around sea. Australian mostly individuals inhabited nation edge in places; these towns situated Australia edge. These mostly metropolitan areas are harbor locations.
Australia has actually two most famous landmarks you’re Uluru and 2nd Opera House. Uluru landmark is normal but Opera home is manufactured. Uluru location is central associated with the country but opera home location is Sydney town harbor.
Uluru: Uluru landmark is an all natural muddy mountain which can also be a pilgrimage location for earliest Australian men and women. Uluru situated in Northern Territory State. Most well-known closest city and airport is Alice Spring. Around Uluru land level located big wilderness wildlife Sanctuary Park. Uluru landmark around area is 200 km squares and also this is located on national highway (NH) number 4. Uluru location is hot environment area. Any human anatomy can reach on Uluru but this will be complete with danger small creatures and breasts.
Opera House: opera residence located on Sydney city harbor. This was started to build from 1959 and completed constructed on 1973. This is certainly a beautiful landmark which synthetic and now detailed of this UNSCO heritage record. Routine hundreds foreign and domestic tourist arrived at go to this landmark. Which tourists arrived at Australian Continent after that opera household and Sydney Bridge are first chosen tourists.
Sydney Bridge: Sydney Bridge can also be a famous traveler place. This is started initially to develop from 1922 and completed

########
Rank: 1
Score: 32.91689
Retrieved Text: Zealandia is the geological continent that encompasses New Zealand and New Caledonia. It includes land that is mostly submerged, but during ice ages, was above sea level.
Zealandia is ​​5 million km² making it the eqivalent of two-thirds the size of its neighbour, Australia.It spans north to New Caledonia and further south than New Zealand's own sub-Antarctic islands. New Zealand comprises the largest part of Zealandia that is not submerged, followed by the main island (Grande-Terre) of New Caledonia. In geological history, these islands were the main mountain ranges of this continent when it was above sea level.
Zealandia as seen from satellite images.
According to scientists, Zealandia comes remarkably close to the Australia continent off the coast of Queensland, a mere 25km in fact. But what makes Zealandia a continent even though it is currently 93% covered by sea? First thing to consider is that much of the current continents such as Africa could be covered by sea in the distant future and that wouldn't affect their continent status. To be considered a continent rather than a micro-continent or fragment of another continent, certain criteria is required. The following is what distinguishes Zealandia as Earth's eighth continent.
It also helps explain the movement of the other continents after Gondwana broke apart.
Approximate shape of Zealandia next to Australia.
The discovery of Zealandia was not sudden, but a slow realisation upon reflection of accumulated data. While there is no organisation responsible for defining continents like there is for planets, the aspiration for Zealandia to be recognized as a continent is not new.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 31.107424
Retrieved Text: Solar Pillar in Antarctica, ice crystals in the air at low temperatures lead to a whole host of atmospheric phenomena such as this.
Antarctica is the planets most spectacular and pristine wilderness.
UK scientists working in Antarctica have found some of the clearest evidence yet of instabilities in the ice of part of West Antarctica.
Located on the southern latitudes of the Earth, Antarctica is home to the South Pole.
A map of Antarctica reveals this continent to be surrounded by the Southern Ocean and divided in half by the Transantarctic Mountains.
Being the coldest, driest and windiest on average of all the continents, Antarctica does not have any permanent human residents.
Antarctica is the last vast wilderness on the planet.
Check out what other travellers are saying about Antarctica.
Bluelist it › If you want your list to be considered for the Antarctica book, use the keyword 'highlight'.
Antarctica is the southernmost continent and encompasses the South Pole.
Antarctica is surrounded by the Southern Ocean and divided by the Transantarctic Mountains.
Glaciologists in Antarctica are concerned with the study of the history and dynamics of floating ice, seasonal snow, glaciers, and ice sheets.
Antarctica consists of two major regions: W Antarctica (c.2,500,000 sq mi/6,475,000 sq km), a mountainous archipelago that includes the Antarctic Peninsula, and E Antarctica (c.3,000,000 sq mi/7,770,000 sq km), geologically a continental shield.
Antarctica is surrounded by the worlds stormiest seas.
Antarcticas frigid nature was revealed by the second voyage (177275) of the English explorer Capt. James Cook.
Antarctica means “opposite to the Arctic,” the Earth’s northernmost region.
The last continent to be discovered, Antarctica remained hidden behind

########
Rank: 3
Score: 31.059307
Retrieved Text: What are Large Igneous Provinces?
More than a million cubic kilometers of volcanic material may be released by a large igneous province.
Brazil is home to large igneous provinces.
Large igneous provinces are covered in igneous rock, which is formed by hardened magma.
A large igneous province (LIP) is a large portion of the Earth's surface covered in magmatic (i.e., igneous) rock, usually basalt but also rhyolite, which erupted in a geologically short period of time, typically a million years. A large igneous province may be hundreds of meters thick, typically covers an area millions of square kilometers in extent, for a total volume of about a million cubic kilometers. Most large igneous provinces are produced by a volcano complex releasing about a cubic kilometer of lava per year (a lot) for at least a million years, though sudden, abrupt super-eruptions may release more than 2,500 cubic kilometers of magma at once.
Large igneous provinces are responsible for creating new land around preexisting cratons (continental cores). Two examples include Central America, created through volcanic activity, as well as the Caribbean islands. The whole area around Indonesia is volcanically active, and most of its islands are cooled magma rather than normal cratons. Originally, all of the continents were created by volcanic action, but most of them are so old that evidence of specific large igneous provinces in pre-Cambrian times is hard to come by. Ancient large igneous provinces may consist of dike swarms, meaning they deposit rock veins that cut abruptly across other rock strata, standing out to geologists.
Large igneous provinces may

########
Rank: 4
Score: 30.27978
Retrieved Text: Africa’s largest country is mostly covered by the Sahara desert. Large oil and natural gas deposits sit beneath the sandy and rocky terrain, making Algeria the wealthiest African nation.
The Sahara desert is found in the northern part of Africa and covers roughly 10% of the continent (3 500 000 square miles). It stretches from the Red Sea to the Atlantic Ocean.
It covers many African nations, such as Chad, Egypt, Libya, Mali, Mauritania, Morocco, Niger, Sunda, Tunisia and (of course) Algeria.
Despite taking up almost 10% of the African continent, this is not the largest desert in the world – only the largest hot desert. The largest desert is in fact the continent of Antarctica at around 5,000,000 square miles.
The area pictured is just over 55 miles south of El Ménia oasis – also known as El Goléa – in Algeria’s Ghardaïa province.
Sentinel 2A was launched in June, designed specifically to deliver the wealth of data and imagery that are central to the European Commission’s Copernicus programme.
Let us know what #space image you think should be the next #IOTW through Twitter, Facebook anda Instgram.
What to recieve regular email updates?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 29.988325
Retrieved Text: The area of present day Oklahoma was submerged under a shallow sea, which extensively covered the southern continental shelf of Euramerica. This continent consisted of the North American continent, together with parts of the Baltic states, and parts of Europe, including England. To the southwest of Oklahoma was a deeper basin or submarine trough, which spanned much of modern-day Texas. The North American continent sat on the equator, and most of the large continents were collected together in a supercontinent called Gondwana, which spanned from south polar regions to the equator.
The map shown above is called a Mollweide projection. By comparing continental positions on this map with those shown on a similar projection of the modern earth, it will be seen that the American and Chinese continental masses were somewhat closer together during the Lower Devonian than they are today.
Expansive submerged margins of these continents were blanketed by very fine carbonate mud mixed with skeletal detritus from dead organisms that lived in these waters. Evidence of these deposits have been found and described in many parts of the world as seen in the page of this site entitled Lochkovian Exposures. Large areas of Germany, the Czech Republic, other central European countries and Morocco formed a submerged continental platform between Euramerica and Gondwana. Photographs of the deposits at Black Cat Mountain are shown in the page entitled Hunton Rocks.
Notice that the shallow sea covering the region of modern Oklahoma sat on the southern Horse latitude. To the west was a nearly open ocean that spanned a large

########
Rank: 6
Score: 29.864248
Retrieved Text: You are here: Earth > LET'S EXPLORE The Earth > What's it like at the poles?
"What's it like at the poles?." Earth, LET'S EXPLORE The Earth, Q-files Encyclopedia, 4 Jun. 2018.
Earth, LET'S EXPLORE The Earth, s.v. "What's it like at the poles?," accessed April 21, 2019.
The North Pole lies not on land but in the ocean: the Arctic Ocean. It is permanently covered by ice, although the size of the ice cap shrinks in summer months as the ice melts. The South Pole lies on the continent of Antarctica. This huge, mountainous landmass is mostly covered by an ice sheet all year round.
A map of the Arctic Ocean. Some of it is covered by ice all year round.
The North Pole lies on a floating sheet of ice, 2–3 metres (6–10 feet) thick, in the middle of the Arctic Ocean. In winter, pack ice forms around the edges of the ice cap. These are slabs of ice that are constantly being broken up and crushed together by the movement of the water underneath. Greenland is mostly covered with ice throughout the year.
If Greenland’s ice cap were to melt completely, the world’s sea level would rise by more than 7 metres (23 feet).

########
Rank: 7
Score: 29.323359
Retrieved Text: A small world globe with the land areas covered with sandpaper and the water surfaces painted blue.
Invite the child to come and work with you. Bring him over to the globes and point to the sandpaper globe. Give the child the name of the material. Show the child how to carry the globe by using two hands around the wooden base of the globe. Have the child carry the sandpaper globe to the table and have him place it in the center of the table. Then have the child sit to your left.
- Feel one of the rough parts (one of the continents).
- Have the child feel it.
- Have the child feel another spot (or another continent).
- Feel one of the smooth surfaces (one of the oceans).
- Have the child feel.
- Turn the globe and have him feel another smooth surface.
- Do a Three-Period lesson for “land” and “water”.
To help the child develop a concept of the shape of the earth.
Visualization of the distribution of land and water over the earth.
Preparation for the painted globe.
Remember to have the child sensitize his fingertips before this lesson.
This Montessori Video shows how to present a child with the sandpaper globe.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 29.164755
Retrieved Text: As a cartographic lover, it was sad to discover that the Earth’s surface is perfectly drawn today thanks to the advanced technology tools that we have, specially the spatial satellites. I would have liked to live in the Discovery’s Era, when there were left unexplored regions yet, waiting for being showed in a map.
But it seems that I was wrong. So how happy I am.
In February, they have appeared some news about two ancient continents submerged beneath the Indic and Pacific oceans. Both would be part of a massive continent called Gondwana, the southern split of the super-continent Pangaea 200 million years ago, fragmented by the tectonic plates. At the end, this tectonic process would organise the current position of the now well-known continents (Asia, America, Europe, Africa, Oceania and Antarctica).
Mauritia owns its name to the islands where was discovered: Mauritius Islands. However, its extension goes much further, taking up the Mascarene archipelago and its adjacent plateau, forming an arch from Mauritius Islands and Reunion Islands, in the southernmost, to the north of the Seychelles Islands in the northernmost.
During the Triassic Period, Mauritia was part of the vast continent of Gondwana, until the division of India and Madagascar, when Mauritia was finally submerged into the ocean, 85 million years ago.
But, what does difference Mauritia for the rest of the areas under sea level? Here is where researchers from the Oslo, Liverpool and Witwatersrand universities have shed light on that subject.
All started with a research which had as its objective to confirm the hypothesis of that the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 29.097502
Retrieved Text: Find the best price for rental cars in Australia using the form on the left. Rentalcars.co.uk compares the prices from several companies simultaneously and finds the best price for car rental in Australia. When you book through us there are no hidden costs or credit card fees. Furthermore all prices include all mandatory insurance.
Australia is both a state and a separate continent, with an area of nearly 7.7 million km2, represents well over 85% of the total land mass of the continent Oceania. There are currently around 20 million people in Australia. The Australian indigenous people (Aborigines) constitutes only 2.2% of this population, while the vast majority are descendants of European immigrants. The dominant language of the country is English.
Australia is an independent state within the British Commonwealth and has Queen Elizabeth II as the formal head of state, represented by a governor general. In practice, it is Australia’s own government, led by the Prime Minister, together with the parliament governs the country. Australia is a modern state with consistently high prosperity and well-developed infrastructure. Among the major industries are manufacturing, agriculture and tourism. Education is also strongly emphasized, and the country has as many as 38 universities.
Part of what else distinguishes Australia, the special fauna. The lives of the animals that are not found elsewhere in the world, such as the kangaroo, koala, vombat (opossum), platypus, emu ostrich species etc. Large parts of the Australian continent consists of deserts and savannas, but in rainforest areas, there are some interesting and rare plants. More rain forest

########
Rank: 10
Score: 28.888475
Retrieved Text: Among numerous findings throughout the years, researchers around the globe have stumbled upon certain discoveries that should have never been made. Some of these discoveries directly contradict the beliefs and ‘tales’ set forth by mainstream scholars about mankind, its origins and ancient civilizations that inhabited our planet in the distant past.
It has become a popular belief that ancient civilizations across the globe were in fact much more advanced than what mainstream researchers are crediting them for. Numerous maps discovered in the past are clear indications that the story told today by scholars is incomplete, and there are numerous missing links in our history. These ‘missing links’ are being put together by these incredible ancient maps that prove mankind inhabited our planet much longer than what mainstream scholars believe.
However, the existence of these incredible maps proves that in the distant past, ancient explorers had an extremely well-developed cartography system comparable in precision with the one we have today. The maps are also evidence that ancient mankind knew the exact shape and size of the Earth, contrary to popular beliefs, and used spherical trigonometry, and precise and elaborate mathematical calculations, as if thousands of years ago, an unknown civilization undertook a global-scale project of mapping te entire planet like no one has ever done before.
One of the most intriguing maps is the Zeno Map. Published around 1380, the enigmatic maps accurately depicts the coasts of modern-day countries such as Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Germany, and Scotland. Mysteriously, this ancient map also depicts the EXACT latitude and longitude of a

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.586607
Retrieved Text: As an American, I’ve always been accustomed to clearly defined state, national, and continental boundaries. The border between Canada and the United States, for example, may be an arbitrary line of latitude, but we all know exactly where it is—what’s in, and what’s out. We know exactly where North America stops and Central America starts; we also know when we’ve reached the easternmost or westernmost edge of the continent because we run into an ocean. Sure, there’s the odd island off the coast here or there, but conceptually, these cause no problems for my notion of what a continent is.
The map of South America, though, has always offended my sense of geographical tidiness. At the southern end of the continent, the land sort of swoops out to the east—but wait, that last big chunk is actually an island. Is that part of the continent? And what about the bazillions of smaller islands littering the coastline to the south and west? If I’m on one of those islands, am I on the continent or not? The geological answer is yes—I’m on the same continental plate. The political answer is also yes—any given spot of any given island is uncontroversially under the control of either Chile or Argentina. But to the average person on the street (or boat, as the case may be), these boundaries are neither visible nor intuitive. Today, we can get the answers to such questions from highly accurate maps. Hundreds of years ago, though, the answers were far less obvious. Speculation about continental boundaries

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.398825
Retrieved Text: The Great Plains of North America slope east from the Rocky Mountains, extending south from Canada, through Nebraska, and on into Texas.
The rolling plains (hills) of eastern Nebraska (farm country) are crisscrossed by numerous small rivers and streams. In the central plains, the land is more rugged and quite hilly.
In western Nebraska much of the land is blanketed by the Sand Hills, a large area of rolling sand dunes (formed by wind) and mostly covered by vegetation. In the far northwestern corner of the state stands a small area of unusual formations of sandstone and clay (The Badlands) that then stretch into South Dakota.
Chimney Rock, a prominent column of clay and sandstone, resembling a tall factory chimney, is located to the southeast of Scottsbluff.
In the elevated high plains of western Nebraska stands the state's highest point; it's not a mountain after all, but rather, an elevated rise of pasture land. The state's lowest point is along the Missouri River.
The two major rivers of Nebraska are the massive Missouri along its eastern borders with Iowa, Missouri, and South Dakota; and the Platte River system, a tributary of the Missouri River, that drains a large portion of Nebraska and the Great Plains.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 28.122639
Retrieved Text: THE WORD hemisphere means “half a sphere.” In geography, the term refers to half the Earth, and the enclosing boundary line of a hemisphere is a great circle. A space traveler viewing the Earth from a great distance will see only half the earth, a hemispheric perspective. This is true because the Earth is a sphere and only one side of the Earth can be seen in any one particular view.
Our only look at the entirety of the Earth’s surface is through world maps. The map view of the world is important for that reason despite the fact that every map 1) is a scaled-down replica of the Earth, 2) presents a generalized view of the Earth’s surface, and 3) is a distortion of the Earth’s surface to varying degrees. There are an infinite number of possible hemispheric views of the Earth. When an observer looks directly at any particular point on the Earth’s surface, a hemisphere is defined. However, there are a number of hemispheres that have special importance for the discriminating viewer. For instance, if the equator is the great circle enclosing a hemisphere, the viewer will be seeing either the Northern Hemisphere or the Southern Hemisphere. In both cases, the center of the hemispheric view will be one of the poles. Viewing the Southern Hemisphere would show vast expanses of the southern oceans, interrupted by the southern extremes of South America and Africa, about half of AUSTRALIA, all of NEW ZEALAND, and a few scattered islands in the PACIFIC OCEAN. In the center

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.945515
Retrieved Text: The average depth of the oceans is ~3000 metres. It would seem that the water budget of an Earth-like planet is rather contingent. Venus is significantly closer to the Sun than the Earth. Did it lose its water or never have it. Mars still has some vestigial water. But could they have had more. Could the Earth have had more? Could it just as easily have ten times as much water or a tenth?
Ten times, to first approximation gives an average depth of 30,000 metres, so no islands at all. How common are pue water worlds of this kinds? Would they have ice caps? (I'd guess not.) Doubling the amount of water would raise the sea level by 3000 metres. That would still make Mount Everest a substantial mountain at a height of about 5700 metres above sea level, but what percentage of the world would be dry land? I am sure I have talked before about my wish to see an atlas of the Earth with different sea levels, both higher and lower than at present. I'd guess that there wouldn't be that great a percentage above the raised sea level. The Tibetan Plateau though has an average height of ~4500 metres, so would be well about the sea level and is three times the size of metropolitan France. That would presumably be the largest island-continent. The whole of Australia would be submerged and even most of Antarctica, despite it being the highest continent on average. There might be a fair-sized island in South America.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.941307
Retrieved Text: Figure out who's playing in the Biome Generation round!
The map reminds me of a fractal type of map from Civ, which is neat. But I feel like there's going to be a lot of water, even once the map is overlayed on the sphere and continents take a more natural shape. Could we maybe have one or two larger bits of land that aren't as narrow? Maybe fatten a few sections of existing land a bit.
I actually created it with the equal proportions of land to water as Earth. The difference is that the land is more spread out (i.e. narrow).
I'll whip up some options and we can go from there.
If none of these work I can keep going. Also orientation can be altered for any of them.
I like number one the least. Two and three are both really neat!
I'll put up a poll!
Remember to view them on Google Earth to get a true perceptive on what they look like.
I keep getting an error when trying to open the maps in Google Earth. How exactly do we do it?
There should be a button called "Add Image Overlay." Click that. A menu will pop up. Click the "Browse..." button and select the map you want to use. You'll see the map but it won't take up the whole globe. Use the green lines on the edges to resize it to take up the whole globe. Be careful when dragging it up to the poles, it's very finicky about that. Then, instead of making a new overlay to

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.80126
Retrieved Text: Planet Earth taken from space.
We obviously know more about Earth than any of the other planets. Earth is the largest of the four terrestrial planets, the other terrestrial planets being Mercury, Venus, and Mars. By terrestrial planet we mean that Earth has a hard rocky surface. The composition of the Earth is similar to other terrestrial planets in that it has an iron-core which is surrounded by a molten mantle which, in turn, is surrounded by an outer crust. We live on top of the crust.
There are many things that make Earth unique among the Solar System's planets. First, Earth is the only planet that we know of that contains life. Not only does earth contain life, but it supports millions of different forms of life. Another difference is that the Earth is mostly covered with water. Around 71% of the Earth is covered with salt water oceans. Earth is the only planet that has water in liquid form on it's surface. Also, the Earth's atmosphere is made up of mostly nitrogen and oxygen while Venus' and Mars' atmospheres are made up mostly of carbon dioxide.
Satellite picture of the continent of Africa.
The earth has seven large land masses called continents. The continents include Africa, Asia, North America, South America, Europe, Oceania, and Antarctica. It also has 5 major bodies of water called oceans including the Atlantic, Pacific, Indian, Southern, and Arctic oceans. The highest point above sea level on Earth is Mount Everest and the lowest point is the Mariana Trench.
The Earth is composed of a

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.465818
Retrieved Text: mining in antarctica advantages and disadvantages. Iron ore is widespread in surface rocks in Antarctica advantages disadvantages mining metals Solution for Mining advantages disadvantages iron ore.
Dec 18, 2013·OSLO (Reuters) A kind of rock that often contains diamonds has been found in Antarctica for the first time, hinting at mineral riches in the vast, icy continent where mining is banned.
There are deposits of minerals such as coal and iron ore in Antarctica, but there are vast economic and technical difficulties associated with the recovery of mineral deposits. The Antarctic ice cover is, on average, 2.5 km thick and this means that very little of the land is accessible for exploration, so work would have to take place under the ice sheet.
Mining in Antarctica Australian Antarctic Division. Mining in Antarctica. An iron outcrop in the Prince Charles Mountains. (Photo John Manning) There are deposits of minerals such as coal and iron ore in Antarctica, but there are vast economic and technical difficulties associated with the recovery of mineral deposits.
mining in antarctica disadvantages md. mining in antarctica advantages and disadvantages. Mineral resourcesDiscovering Antarctica Mining in Antarctica would be very difficult, dangerous and expensive as the climate is so harsh, the ice is very thick and .
Apr 20, 2018·mining in antarctica advantages and disadvantages con vet. The disadvantages of setting up a mining (copper, gold , Mining is generally done two , What are the disadvantages of setting up a mining (copper, gold, , any mineral) field in . Get Price disadvantages of mining copper vimec. advantages and disadvantages of

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.424164
Retrieved Text: Today there are about 195 recognized countries in the world. These independent countries are self-governing nations with their own authorities and international diplomatic recognition of sovereignty. 193 of these countries are members of the United Nations (Vatican City and Kosovo are not members).
Asia is the largest continent. There are 50 countries in Asia. World's largest country Russia and World's most populas country China, highest point on earth Mt. Everest and lowest point on earth Dead Sea are all in Asia. About 60% of world's population lives in Asia.
Africa is the second largest continent. There are 54 countries in Africa. World's largest desert, Sahara Desert is in Africa which occupies 25% of the total area of Africa. It is the second most populas continent.Africa is also the hottest continent.
Europe is the sixth largest continent. There are 51 countris in Europe. It is the most developed continent.It covers 2% of the Earth's surface or 6.5% of total land area.
North America is the third largest continent. There are 23 countries and 23 dependent territories in North America. It covers about 4.8% of total Earth's surface and about 16.5% of earth's land area. It is entirely within the Northern Hemisphere and nearly all within Western Hemisphere.
South America is the fourth largest continent. There are 12 countries and 3 dependent territories in South America. It is located in the Western Hemisphere and majority of it in the Southern Hemisphere.
Australia is a country as well as a continent. Australia along with independent island nations and dependent overseas territories in the Pacific is

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.4215
Retrieved Text: Asia is the world's largest continent, encompassing an area of 17,177,000 sq mi (44,500,000 sq km), 29.8% of the world's land area. The Himalayan Mountains, which are the highest and youngest mountain range in the world, stretch across the continent from Afghanistan to Burma. The highest of the Himalayan peaks, called Mount Everest, reaches an altitude of 29,028 ft (8,848 m). There are many famous deserts in Asia, including the Gobi Desert, the Thar Desert, and Ar-Rub'al-Khali ("the empty quarter"). The continent has a wide range of climatic zones, from the tropical jungles of the south to the Arctic wastelands of the north in Siberia.
The continent of Asia encompasses such an enormous area and contains so many countries and islands that its exact borders remain unclear. In the broadest sense, it includes central and eastern Russia, the countries of the Arabian Peninsula, the far eastern countries, the Indian subcontinent, and numerous island chains. It is convenient to divide this huge region into five categories: the Middle East, South Asia, Central Asia, the Far East, and Southeast Asia.
Iran is separated somewhat from the rest of the Arabian Peninsula by a great gulf which divides it from most of Saudi Arabia. This gulf is known as the Oman Gulf where it meets the Arabian Sea and is called the Persian Gulf as it extends past the Strait of Hormuz. Most of Iran is a plateau lying about 4,000 ft (1,200 m) above sea level, and this plateau is crossed by the mountain ranges of Zagros and Elburz. These

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.22165
Retrieved Text: In addition to a fierce attitude, the wolverine's physical attributes, like huge paws and thick, water-repellant fur, are well-suited for living in harsh, snow-capped mountains. Characteristics like these are what allow wolverines to survive sub-zero temperatures while scaling 1,500-foot vertical climbs across ridgelines with daunting names like the Iceberg Notch. But tragically, the wolverine's very symbiosis and interdependence with its natural surroundings is also what makes it a modern-day canary in the coal mine for the impacts of climate change.
"We think about the polar bear when we think about the poster child for climate change, and that's appropriate, but the wolverine is unfortunately in the same boat," says Preso. "They're really dependent on areas that have maintained snow pack into the spring period and increasingly in the Rocky Mountains, that's a dwindling landscape."
"I've seen just without pulling out photographs or maps each year the changes that occur [in Glacier]. Now when we go up to monitor the size of the glacier … we walk across rocks and land that has not been exposed to the atmosphere for probably 500 years," says Fagre. "So, in a sense, we're kind of the first people to walk on that in many hundreds of years since it was covered by ice."
But it's not just glaciers that are disappearing. Hemlock and cedar forests widespread across the Crown are giving way to lodgepole pine, an evergreen tree that acts as a giant matchstick to the area's increasingly dry landscape. And like the wolverine, the American pika, a small mountain-dwelling mammal that's extremely

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.106804
Retrieved Text: The Pacific Ocean is the largest of the world’s oceans. It stretches from the west coast of North and South America to the east coast of the Asia and Australia continent. Keeping in mind the world is a sphere, this map shows the Pacific Ocean on both the left and right sides. That is because they are actually connected with the top left of North America almost touching the top right corner of the Asia Continent. The Pacific Ocean represents nearly half of the world’s water surface. It is actually larger than all the land surface area on earth. The Pacific Ocean is also home to the deepest point in the ocean, called the Mariana Trench.
The Atlantic Ocean separates the continents of North America and South American from the European and African continents. It contains salt water and accounts for 20% of earth’s surface area. If you look closely at the map you will see that the Atlantic Ocean takes the general shape of the letter “S.” It is also the second largest ocean on earth after the Pacific Ocean. It is connected to the Arctic Ocean to the north and the Southern Ocean in the south. The Atlantic Oceans deepest point is called Milwaukee Deep which reaches a depth of over 28,000 ft.
The Indian Ocean is the 3rd largest salt water ocean body on earth. Both the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans are larger. It separates the east coast of Africa from India and Australia. The Indian Ocean is connected to some of the most trafficked

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.860315
Retrieved Text: Travel back in time on a dinosaur adventure and tour an Earth very different from today — a time before the continents as we know them existed, when lush landscapes covered Africa and greenery was the norm in Antarctica. With advanced animatronics, a multilayered narrative, fossils, authentic casts, cutting-edge research, and immersive design elements, you’ll experience the Age of Reptiles as it comes to life!
Dinosaurs Around the World invites you to grab your prehistoric passport to Pangea and discover how plate tectonics, land bridges, and volcanic activity allowed dinosaurs to disperse to all corners of the globe, giving each of the seven continents its own unique selection of these giant reptiles.
In addition to animatronics, the exhibition also features information about the geologic time scale, geology, geography, and climatology. The exhibition poses questions to the visitor about the reign of the dinosaurs and helps them to discover how dinosaurs lived on each continent, how they interacted with each other, how geography impacted their behavior and diets, and what the continents were really like at the time.
The exhibit is produced by Imagine Exhibitions.
Celebrate your birthday with Dinosaurs! Click here to find out how.
Take a sneak peak at Dinosaurs Around the World below!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.836246
Retrieved Text: January 11, 2019 (by Asif Shamim) - "Antarctica was the final continent on our checklist," says Lynden Air Cargo President Rick Zerkel. "Now we can cross it off." Lynden Air Cargo has joined a short list of operators that serve all seven continents by starting a new project in support of an Italian Antarctic Expedition team doing research on the icy land mass.
The month-long mission lasted from Oct. 30 through Nov. 30 and involved carrying supplies from Christchurch, New Zealand to Italian base Mario Zucchelli Station and Phoenix Field at McMurdo Station, the U.S. base in Terra Nova Bay, Antarctica. According to Lynden Air Cargo Captain Pat Madland, Terra Nova Bay is about 2,000 miles and 7 hours from Christchurch, and Phoenix Field is 300 miles further south and about 8 hours flying time. "This was accomplished with an augmented crew to allow for rest," Pat explains. "We also carry a loadmaster and mechanic." The whole operation requires nine people on the ground in Christchurch.
"This high-profile project illustrates Lynden Air Cargo’s capabilities in remote locations," says Adam Murray, Director of Business Development and Marketing. "With 98 percent of the continent covered in ice, there are no cities or villages. This is another addition to our capabilities and we hope to provide this service next year and on an ongoing basis if possible."
"The cargo on the first two trips to Terra Nova Bay consisted mostly of helicopters. We carried two Squirrel helicopters on each trip. Since then, the cargo has been scientific equipment and food," Pat says.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.800722
Retrieved Text: Key difference: The North and South poles are Earth’s ending poles. The North Pole is the northernmost point of the Earth's axis; commonly known as the Arctic region. While, the South Pole is the southernmost point of the Earth's axis; commonly known as the Antarctic continent.
The Earth’s North and South poles are known as the end poles lying to the extreme points of the earth. The north and south poles comprises of the Earth’s Polar Regions. The North Pole is the Arctic region, which is located in the middle of the Arctic Ocean surrounded by continents. On the other hand, the South Pole comprises of the huge Antarctic continent surrounded by oceans. Both, North and South poles have some factors in similar to each other, while there are many such factors which differentiate them from each other.
The North Pole lies to the northernmost point of the Earth’s axis. It’s the region of floating ice sheet with no land mass, known as the Arctic region.
It is mainly located in the north polar ocean. This regions includes several larger islands such as Greenland, Spitzbergen, Franz Josef Land, Severnaya Zemlya, Wrangel Island, Bank Island, Victoria Island, Ellesmere Island and various others that all boarder the countries like Russia, Canada, Alaska and Greenland. The Arctic Ocean is surrounded by continents. The seasonal icebergs found here are calved from the glaciers. This region has its own natural Floral and Fauna which adds a terrific beauty in its nature. The humans also reside in the North Pole.
The South Pole lies to the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.747732
Retrieved Text: Which is the world's highest, driest, coldest and windiest continent? Which is the only place on earth not yet ruined, still untouched by the destructive hand of man? Australasia? Or "the ice", as Antarctica is referred to by its old friends? Of course, the former still has 5 large areas as yet untouched, but nothing like the huge virgin expanses of "the ice".
Now, the virgin continent has become the source of yet another conflict between scientists and environmentalists. The latter believe that 10 Antarctica must be maintained as such and that scientists should be careful not to leave behind anything that might damage the environment. Scientists say that limited local environmental impact has to be expected and accepted, because the continent is an important natural laboratory for estimating the effects humans have on the globe, even 15 functioning as a kind of early-warning system for the whole planet.
There is a treaty designed to protect this continent which has only 8,000 inhabitants and most of them not permanent , but contains 70% of the world's fresh water. Oil and minerals cannot be exploited, 20 but what controls are there on the growing number of scientists, explorers and even tourists?
2. According to the passage what is the main reason for the conflict between the scientists and the environmentalists?
(A) The possible environmental damage.
(B) The use of Antarctica as a laboratory.
(C) Antarctica is becoming a tourist spot.
(D) Antarctica is being used as an early-warning system.
3. What cannot be said about Antarctica?
(A) It's the only place on earth still not ruined.
(B)

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.589548
Retrieved Text: Not to be confused with Oceania.
"Australia Plate" redirects here. For the continental plates, see Australian Plate and Indo-Australian Plate.
* Often considered part of Asia (Southeast Asia).
It is the smallest of the seven traditional continents in the English conception. The continent lies on a continental shelf overlain by shallow seas which divide it into several landmasses—the Arafura Sea and Torres Strait between mainland Australia and New Guinea, and Bass Strait between mainland Australia and Tasmania. When sea levels were lower during the Pleistocene ice age, including the Last Glacial Maximum about 18,000 BC, they were connected by dry land. During the past ten thousand years, rising sea levels overflowed the lowlands and separated the continent into today's low-lying arid to semi-arid mainland and the two mountainous islands of New Guinea and Tasmania. Geologically, a continent extends to the edge of its continental shelf, so the now-separate islands are considered part of the continent. Due to the spread of animals, fungi and plants across the single Pleistocene landmass the separate lands have a related biota.
New Zealand is not part of the continent of Australia, but of the separate, submerged continent of Zealandia. New Zealand and Australia are both part of the wider regions known as Australasia and Oceania. The term Oceania is often used to denote the region encompassing the Australian continent and various islands in the Pacific Ocean that are not included in the seven-continent model.
With a total land area of 8.56 million square kilometres (3,310,000 sq mi), the Australian continent is the smallest and lowest-lying human-inhabited

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.57634
Retrieved Text: Europe is, by convention, one of the world's seven continents. Comprising the westernmost peninsula of Eurasia, Europe is generally divided from Asia to its east by the water divide of the Ural Moutains, the Ural River, the Caspian Sea, and by the Caucasus Moutains to the southeast.[Europe is washed upon to the north by the Arctic Ocean and other bodies of water, to the west by the Atlantic Ocean, to the south by the mediterranean Sea, and to the southeast by the black Sea and the waterways connecting it to the Mediterranean. Yet the borders for Europe - a concept dating back to classical antiquity - are somewhat arbitrary, as the term continent can refer to a ciltural and political distinction or a physiographic one.
Europe is the world's second-smallest continent by surface area, covering about 3 930 000 sq. mi or 2% of the Earth's surface and about 6.8% of its land area. Of Europe's approximately 50 states, Russia is the largest by both area and population, while the Vatican City is the smallest. Europe is the third most populous continent after Asia and Africa, with a population or about 11% of the world's population.
Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, FYR of Macedonia (Republic of Macedonia), Malta, Moldova, Monaco, Montenegro, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia*, San Marino, Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey*, Ukraine, United Kingdom, Vatican City.
* - countries, located in Europe just partially.
No visa needed for US sitizen in themost European countries. Visa is needed for Russia. Look Destination Guide for specific country.
Europe has

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.50232
Retrieved Text: The International Food Policy Research Institute (IFPRI) has published an atlas illustrating the current state of African smallholder agriculture.
The Atlas of African Agriculture Research and Development comprises a series of maps and short analyses that showcase and locate the continent’s diverse agricultural challenges and opportunities. Seven topics are covered: political, demographic, and institutional classifications; the footprints of agriculture; growing conditions on the continent; the role of water in African agriculture; drivers of change in African agriculture; access to agricultural trade; and human welfare.
In briefs facing each map, the Atlas answers four questions: What are these maps telling us? Why is this important? What about the underlying data? Where can I learn more? By presenting a broad range of geospatial data and explanatory text, the analysts hope the Atlas will serve as a reliable and up-to-date guide for informed decision-making, which can help speed, broaden and sustain Africa’s agricultural productivity.
What is this map telling us?
Livestock-producing agricultural systems cover 73 percent of Africa and stretch across several climates (Map 1). To some extent, these climates determine what type of farming is practiced. In Africa, livestock-producing systems are broken into two main categories: livestock and mixed crop-livestock. These systems exist in three common African climates: arid/semiarid, humid/subhumid, and temperate/tropical highlands.
Livestock systems are most prevalent on grazing lands in arid climates that cover large swaths of Africa. Mixed crop-livestock farming systems are either rainfed or irrigated. Rainfed systems are much more common (although areas of Sudan and Egypt have important irrigated mixed systems that present different opportunities and constraints).
There are

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.370222
Retrieved Text: Queen Elizabeth II owns all of the land of Canada.
Canada is situated in the northern portion of the continent of North America. It is the 2nd largest country in the world by total area, covering approximately 3.85 million square miles. Canada is subdivided into 10 provinces and three territories. It is one of the most highly urbanized countries in the world with about 82% of the population living in large and medium-sized cities. The capital of Canada is Ottawa while the largest metropolitan areas include Toronto, Montreal, and Vancouver. Canada is both a constitutional monarchy and a federal parliamentary democracy with the Queen as the head of state. Economically, Canada is highly developed and has the 5th highest nominal per capita income in the world.
Canada occupies the larger portion of the continent of North America. It shares its land borders with the United States. The country extends from the Atlantic Ocean in the east to the Pacific and Arctic Oceans to the west and north respectively. Canada’s coastline is the longest in the world at 151,019 miles and its border with the US is also the longest in the world, stretching about 5,525 miles. The country covers a total area of approximately 3.85 million square miles, accounting for approximately 41% of the continent. Canada boasts the highest number of lakes in the world at 2 million with 563 lakes covering an area of more than 39 square miles. Much of the lakes are freshwater lakes.
Canada experiences a diverse climate, varying from temperate to subarctic climate. The

================



======= Instance Index 21 =========
Input Text: A cow farm has quite the smell, that's why they tend to be located in a remote what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- corral
- nursery rhyme
- northern california
- rural area
- barnyard

Target Text: rural area

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 32.417416
Retrieved Text: You are here: Home / Farm & Garden / Beef Cattle / Why is That Cow Eating Her Placenta?
Why is That Cow Eating Her Placenta?
First you see the cute new calf. Then, you see the cow eating her placenta. Yuck!
The cow eating her placenta after birth is actually a pretty normal thing. Believe it or not, the cow eating her placenta is a healthy cow.
After the calf is born, the placenta sack must also be born within eight hours. Then, what should be done with it? Well, thankfully, this cow is cleaning up her own mess. But why else would this cow be eating her placenta?
Well, I’ve been raising cattle for over 30 years but I still remember clearly as a child: Let the cow eat her placenta. It’s healthy for her. It’s giving her energy. This is what I was taught to believe.
And when I read on different sites and sources mentioning possible side effects of eating placenta, it’s hard for me to dismiss three decades of allowing cows to eat their placenta after raising and managing a healthy grass fed cow herd with no problems from natural practices, like eating their placentas.
I’m going to share with you my thoughts and link to some scientific sources from research. I’m not saying it’s good or bad when you see a cow eating her placenta. Really, I could care less if she eats it or not. I just want my cow to be a healthy good mom and take care of her baby.
But I am going to

########
Rank: 1
Score: 31.081251
Retrieved Text: Looking for organic products that the whole family can use? Four Cow Farm products have made their debut in the UAE all the way from Queensland, Australia. Four Cow Farm is a family run business dedicated to bringing you 100 % natural and organic lotions and balms.
When it comes to my family, I feel better when I can use organic products. These products are made with only the best natural ingredients and preservatives. They do not use any chemicals, artificial fragrances or synthetic detergents.
I have 3 kids ranging from 6 months to 4 years old. My 2 year old suffers from occasional eczema. I decided to use the baby wash and baby lotion on the baby and on the toddler. This worked so well. I have been using for a month and now that I think about it, my toddler has not had any sort of eczema flare ups since. The products are fragrance free but they do leave a light, clean smell on the skin.
This initially has a faint nutty smell when first applied but then the chamomile and rosemary set in. To be honest I used this only twice on the baby because I keep the jar upstairs in my room. I use it daily. It is non greasy and leaves your skin feeling super smooth. Great for after shower, before bed. When you wake up, you feel soft and clean. A great way to start the day. Hey, just because it’s called Baby Oil doesn’t mean Mama can’t use it!
When your little one

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.161348
Retrieved Text: If there is one thing in particular that’s guaranteed to make a grown-up feel (and act!) like a kid again… it’s a tall glass of creamy, cold, chocolate milk. A close second is perhaps a bowl of creamy ice cream. You’ll find both – and more – plus loads of fun at this (organic) dairy farm in South Carolina.
They're happy because they live on a lush, 100-acre farm out in the country where they rotate to a new, green field every day, and where the fields are fertilized with only organic nutrients.
And Happy Cow Creamery turns it into all sorts of delicious products you can purchase at their farm store. The milk is bottled on the farm, making it as fresh as you can possibly get. The farm also makes rolled butter, also available in the farm store.
But milk isn't the only thing they make at Happy Cow.
And if you love the milk, then you're sure to love the farm fresh ice cream packaged in a variety of flavors. From Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough to Banana Pudding, Cookies 'n Cream, and more, there are so many flavors you may need to bring a larger cooler to get your selection back to your home.
Don't forget to visit the happy cows when you visit the farm. They love posing for photos!
And then, head inside to see all of the goodies the store has in stock. Happy Cow's farm store also sells some canned goods and items made by local craftsmen. You'll find a variety of things to browse

########
Rank: 3
Score: 29.910149
Retrieved Text: Will-O-Crest Farm is a family owned and operated business located in Clifton Springs.
Will-O-Crest Farm is a family owned and operated farm that began in 1976 with 100 cows and 160 acres. Bill and Barb Young have grown their farm to the current size of 1,500 cows and 3,500 acres and are proud to work alongside their children, Matthew, Steven, Hannah and son-in-law Matthew Worden. Will-O-Crest Farm prides itself in taking good care of their cows, people, land, and community because they believe that it takes all of those pieces to sustain the farm for generations to come.
Matt: It’s the love of being able to see things grow, develop and prosper. Whether it’s the crops in the fields, the calves in the hutches, or a new employee learning a skill and sharing in our passion, there is never a shortage of change and hope for the future.
Hannah: Farmers don’t farm to make money (there are much easier ways to make money!). They farm because they have a passion for the land and their livestock, and it’s no different for me. Growing up I learned that I needed to have a job that allowed me to be in the barn with cows because there’s just something about being around them that I love. It’s a feeling that is really hard to explain.
Will-O-Crest Farm will be one of our host farms at the Dairy Cow Birthing Center. Come visit them on Labor Day weekend!
Why did you choose to be part of the Dairy Cow Birthing Center?
Hannah: I love sharing

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.510214
Retrieved Text: Later today, we’ll be releasing Daisy and her new Mom out of the barn and into the pasture. We’ve kept an eye on them for the last couple days and not only has Daisy’s mom truly accepted her as we hoped, she’s now become very defensive of her baby. Every time I enter the barn she shakes her head up and down at me, flinging lots of snot around. She also paws the earth like a bull getting ready to take out a bullfighter.
We’re quite pleased that she is taking her role as Mom so seriously, but can do without the dramatics. I’ll take a video of their release into the pasture to share with you.
Nothing has changed with Donald and his “Mom”.
For the last three days, besides using molasses and grain, we’ve been trying a product called “Orphan No More”. It’s a smelly powder that when sprinkled on an orphan calf is supposed to elicit feelings of motherhood on the part of the cow.
After both of them were put back into the shed, Harland turned Donald in with the cow to see what she would do. Donald, bless his heart, headed straight for her udder. The cow wasted no time in expressing her opinion of him by swinging her head around at him and kicking him. Harland removed the b**** cow from the pen.
“Orphan No More” should be renamed “Orphan No Less”.
But we’re not ready to give up just yet. We”ll give it a few more days. You never know.
Come back soon for a video

########
Rank: 5
Score: 29.483185
Retrieved Text: Come smell, touch, listen, and observe farm animals – up close and personal! Whether rabbit, chicken, honeybee or cow, each animal has its own characteristics and needs. Let your students explore the animals’ environments, their lifecycles and why we raise them. Students also have the chance to handle some farming tools.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 29.474794
Retrieved Text: Guided tours are on Wednesday and friday with previous reservation.
Morning 12:00 a.m.: It starts with a guided tour around our facilities and operations (farm animals, cow farm, and milking chamber). Next, you will be able to watch a live demonstration of how we make our cheese. To conclude the visit you will be offered a complete sampling and tasting experience of all our products typical of Menorca : 3 types of cheese, sobrassada, carnixulla, "crespellines", carquiñolis, bread, wine and water.
Average duration of the visit: 60 minutes.
Our farm is located on Minorca in the municipality of Es Mercadal. It is an agricultural plot with many years of history. If you would like to come and visit us, we would be delighted to give you a guided tour. You can meet the animals, admire the surrounding nature and, of course, taste them.
WINTER: October 1 to May 31 Monday to Friday 8:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. Saturday 9:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m.
SUMMER: June 1 to September 30 Monday to Friday 8:00 a.m. to to 8:00 p.m.
Saturday 9:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. and 5:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m.
Sunday (Only August) 9:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m.
Subaida has been in the Montañés family, founders of the well-known cheese brand El Caserío, since 1840. Our family has passed down our tradition of cheese-making unchanged for three generations. The Georgian-style house is presently inhabited, so only the exterior may be toured.
With an area of 865 acres Subaida contains forests of pines and oaks. We also have 124 acres reserved for grain farming (corn in

########
Rank: 7
Score: 29.416996
Retrieved Text: Paula Hynes travelled to Kenya to spend two-and-a-half weeks with a remote Maasai tribe.
A CORK DAIRY farmer found herself drinking the blood of a cow in remote sub-Saharan Africa as part of a new documentary.
Paula Hynes runs a highly successful dairy farm in Aherla in Cork with her husband Peter. The pair picked up the Farmer of the Year title in 2016.
She recently travelled to Kenya to spend two-and-a-half weeks with a remote Maasai tribe.
The Maasai are a distinct ethnic group of pastoralists that inhabit southern Kenya and northern Tanzania.
They are one of the more well known African tribal groups due to the areas they inhabit being close many sites of interest to tourists.
There are many Maasai tourist villages where people can visit to get a sense of their culture.
The Maasai people are famed warriors and also cattle herders.
Paula spent time with them learning their farming techniques and how they farm and survive and subsist on much harsher terrain than Ireland.
She did it as part of the RTÉ’s three-part documentary the Hardest Harvest, the first episode of which airs tonight.
Paula spent her time with the Maasai during a severe drought, and she was unsure if her farming skills would be of any use in such a vastly different terrain.
Increasing urbanisation, as well as climate change and changes in culture in recent years has put the Maasai way of life – which has been ongoing for thousands of years – in jeopardy.
Email “This Cork dairy farmer drank blood fresh from a cow when she spent time farming

########
Rank: 8
Score: 29.375874
Retrieved Text: Home / Itineraries / India Itineraries / Farm to Table Meals, Artisanal Cheeses and Cute Dogs: This Organic Farm Near Delhi Has It All!
The fast-paced urban life is sadly such that it hardly leaves us with time to focus on ourselves and what usually ends up suffering the most are eating habits. If you&apos;re someone who&apos;s been consuming junk for way too long, a good, wholesome detox meal might just be what you&apos;re looking for!
Located on the outskirts of New Delhi, Tijara Organic Farm is a gem hiding in plain sight, to say the least. The beautiful farm not only promotes organic farming but also lets visitors get a taste of the simplicity of life here. There&apos;s so much happening within the farm premises and yet there&apos;s always a sense of peace and calm—one visit and we bet you&apos;ll be planning your next one already!
What is Tijara Organic Farm?
Run by the mother-daughter duo of Sneh and Pratiksha, Tijara Organic Farm is a paradise for anyone who understands the dynamics of organic farming and has a palate for organic meals. Located just a couple of hours from Delhi, Tijara is an out and out self-sufficient farm. The expansive property opens its gates twice every week to visitors, offering three and a half hours of farm tours, organic food, artisanal cheese tasting and playing around with their furry dogs and cats.
Right from the moment you set foot in Tijara Organic Farm, you know it&apos;s going to be an experience unlike any other. What greets you is a lush

########
Rank: 9
Score: 29.221226
Retrieved Text: What will soon be the largest DeLaval free flow cow traffic robotic milking farm in North America is currently under construction in Western New York.
In this month’s edition of The Navigator we are sharing a (6) VMS milk-first, bedded pack layout with grazing access. This design is quite simple in that everything is covered under one square roof yet offers automation that is easy to learn for the cows and manage for the producer.
We take a closer look at Rolleyview Farms, a VMS facility in Chilliwack, BC, Canada owned by the Tap family.
Our featured barn is a prototype of one of DeLaval’s most popular North American robotic barn designs. Why you ask? Above all, cows in this barn have the potential to be highly productive and that all starts with cow comfort.
Here at DeLaval, we are designing more large herd robotic facilities. We are rethinking everything in order to satisfy the criteria of cow comfort, cow flow, labor efficiency, flexibility of design, and future expansion. Regardless of farm size, these principles do not change. However, aspects such as herd management, milk transport, cow walking distances, manure management, and ventilation certainly do.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 29.036888
Retrieved Text: From Foe To Fodder | Summer 2013 Out Here Magazine | Tractor Supply Co.
For lots of farmers and ranchers, fighting weeds is a constant, and costly battle, waged every year with gallons of herbicides.
It doesn't have to be that way, Kathy Voth says. The best weed killer may be a cow.
"It's so much less expensive than herbicide," Kathy says. "And as it turns out, weeds are more nutritious for animals than grass is."
Livestock for Landscapes, which teaches farmers and ranchers to use their cows as all-natural weed control. That means training cows that weeds are yummy.
"What we found is animals eat what they've always eaten," Kathy says. "Just like farmers do what they've always done."
Cows don't usually gravitate toward weeds. When they're out at pasture, they're more likely to stick to grass. But that's not because they don't like weeds, Kathy says, and it's not because weeds are bad for them. It's simply out of habit.
But Kathy has developed a weeklong training method to convince cows to try something new. Training starts with cow candy, such as rolled corn and oats.
"What they learn is, every time I show up and put something in the feed tub, it may look strange or smell strange, but if you try it, it will be good," she says.
By the fifth day, they're enjoying a diet of, say, leafy spurge. That's huge, because leafy spurge is a creeping perennial weed that can reduce rangeland cattle carrying capacity — or how many cattle a field can adequately feed — by 50 to

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.955673
Retrieved Text: Wow, I could tell by their website that they are a serious operation, but goodness! Gorgeous venue for weddings and events, serious science and passion behind raising their cattle and their own coffee blend to boot! Dang! Thanks very much for being a part of the tour, Janet. The chili looks fantastic--and good luck with the floors!
Thank you, Andrea! Love that you are (still) reading along!
I just love your photo of Preacher! Best cow photo ever! <3 Oh my gosh and he has his own coffee blend hahahaha that's awesome!! That is one beautiful venue too! Wow this farm is the whole package! AND an air bnb! What!!! I need to stay there! Can't wait to make this chili! Thomas will love it!
Summerfield is SO POPULAR at many restaurants in our area. Now I see why! I didn't know about the market. Wow! Color me impressed. And I didn't know about the coffee, either.
We love Chili in this house and will definitely put this in the rotation. And what a lovely spot! Thanks for sharing it.
Oh my goodness that chili looks amazing and I know it is because of that delicious beef! The store looks so fun and the whole post has me inspired to go hug a cow. :-) Thanks for a great report of what had to have been a fun day.
What a beautiful farm. I want to live in that cottage! Your chili and cornbread look delicious. My girls love chili and it's perfect for those chilly days! Can't wait to try the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.89871
Retrieved Text: Home / When the Cows Come Home!
When the Cows Come Home!
It was hot! It was humid! It was August in southern Minnesota and I was assigned to bring the cows home (with a little help from my sisters, Dorothy and Elda) in time for milking. The cows were allowed to graze in the "far pasture" during the daytime because the grass was, indeed, "greener on the other side of the fence". They liked it there and needed some encouragement to return to the barn.
We solicited the help of our trusty herd dog, "Charlie", to get the job done. But, first we needed to get to the far pasture ourselves. There was a big gate which we could open to leave the barnyard but we found it easier to jump into the pasture at the junction where the fence met the cow tank (the tank serving as part of the fence, making it convenient for the animals to easily find a drink of water).
Toward the end of summer it was not unusual for a green, fetid smelling algae to cover most of the water in the tank. Some of the algae even found its way to the bottom of the tank (not harmful to the animals, but nonetheless unattractive and very smelly).
We would grab onto the fence post next to the tank to assist getting to the top corner of the junction, then pivot and jump down to the other side. We had done it many times without mishap until on this August day sister Dorothy made

########
Rank: 13
Score: 28.873198
Retrieved Text: This is a classic compost, but with a trick up its sleeve: it’s supercharged. High-quality compost typically undergoes a heating and cooling cycle in which microbial life flourishes. We’ve introduced a Secondary Activation Phase™ in which organically approved ingredients are added at a specific stage, resulting in a unique bio-catalytic effect. Nutrients are metabolized by microbial life in the compost and are more readily available to your plants. Purple Cow Activated introduces humus – assisting in soil aggregation, making nutrients more available for plant uptake.
Look around your local store or farmers’ market. Shoppers pick up fruit and vegetables. They squeeze, smell, knock, and even listen to it. Then they select another for comparison and repeat until they have located the “perfect” it. Unfortunately, this selection process doesn’t determine the quality of produce.
Think back to eighth grade science class. The nutrients in our fruits and vegetables don’t just magically appear. They come from the soil. They only come from the soil.
There is a recipe – a very careful, very patient, very precise recipe – for giving back to the earth. It’s part science, part passion, and it was crafted by Purple Cow Organics.
It’s a recipe that won’t just grow a better tomato. It creates healthier, more beautiful landscapes – on a farm, in a park, on a golf course, or an urban rooftop. It naturally promotes growth and resists disease. It is what Mother Nature would brew up if we weren’t constantly getting in her way.
At Purple Cow, our team draws from experience in organic farming, environmental

########
Rank: 14
Score: 28.830683
Retrieved Text: Holy Cow is a whimsical tale about friendship, religion and the human race as seen through the remarkably insightful eyes of a cow by the name of Elsie Q. (and communicated to her cow-author, American actor David Duchovny).
Elsie is a fairly happy cow living on a farm in the US. She spends her days getting milked, sleeping, eating and gossiping with her BFF Mallory about the bulls, which they feel increasingly interested in. Though her mum disappeared, she knows that all cow mums do so at some stage and she's otherwise pretty content with her unremarkable life. Until The Event.
In a bout of curiosity, Elsie wanders up to the farm house and through the window she watches a shocking documentary on the Box God about the meat industry, which makes it horrifyingly clear what has really happened to her mum and what will happen to her as well if she stays on the farm.
Elsie realises that the only way to escape her terrible fate of being turned into burger patties is to travel to India, where cows are worshiped rather than slaughtered. Several other animals on the farm – a Jewish pig, who refers to himself as Shalom, and a anorexic turkey called Tom – find out about Elsie's plan and decide to join her pilgrimage to escape similar fates. They don human disguises, practice walking on two legs and head for the airport.
It all sounds absolutely mad and it certainly is, but the story is also incredibly clever. Interspersed with remarkably spot on cow-humour and

########
Rank: 15
Score: 28.751799
Retrieved Text: P.E.I.'s only certified organic beef comes in small packages — right from the farm.
Dexter is a heritage breed of cattle from Ireland, and not only are they hardy, needing only pasture or hay — they're also almost comically short, standing around a metre tall, and are about 30 per cent smaller than conventional breeds.
"They've been around for hundreds of years, going back to the days of the Celts," said Mike Lafortune, who with his wife Evelyn started the Dexter Cattle Company in 2014 in North Milton, P.E.I.
"They were also known as the poor man's cow, because the landholders at the time — they would have one cow, and that cow provided them with milk, with meat and with heat — because they would bring it in the house!"
Lafortune raised Dexter cattle in Colorado for 20 years before moving here, and has now collected and bred a herd of about 75. He plans to grow the herd to about 200.
"They're extremely docile. That's one of the things that I like the most — they're just a lot of fun to be with," Lafortune said, scratching the cows behind their horns. They're so docile, in fact, the cattle do not need to be de-horned, or castrated.
From a business standpoint, he said, Dexters can be "quite profitable" — not only do they produce meat, but they give a "wonderful" milk, Lafortune said. They milk a few for their own personal use and make cheese, he said.
The profitability comes from the fact that Dexters do not need to be fed

########
Rank: 16
Score: 28.70055
Retrieved Text: Run Cow Run - The game the meat industry doesn't want you to know! ♥ Help the cow to escape from the farmer ♥ One day, the little cow realizes what happens to all of the farm animals and makes an escape for her life! While being chased by the vicious farmer, she rescues other farm animals from their cages and tries not to end up as a steak in the farm’s slaughterhouse. Jump over obstacles, slide under windmills, set the farm animals free and collect coins to purchase unique power-ups that will help the cow make it to freedom! DODGE the angry farmer! New Flappy Cow Mini-game: Flap the little wings of the Cow and avoid getting hit by the obstacles! Features: • Free Game • Amazing 2D Graphics • Smooth Gameplay • Unique Power Ups • "Google Play Games" Achievements and Leaderboards • Android TV support - Control with remote control D-pad, no need for external joystick • Save Farm Animals: pig, chicken, duck, sheep and Noogra (the squirrel from Noogra Nuts) • Free Run Cow Run clock widget included • New Flappy Cow Mini-game! Go vegan, save the cow! (This game is also suitable for vegetarians and carnivores) Award winning game - Best Running Game (GameIS) Inspired by the true stories of the cows: Maxine and Yvonne.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 28.566187
Retrieved Text: Farming in Ardcroney, just outside Nenagh, Co. Tipperary, Matt Cleary runs a herd of approximately 300 cows under a spring-calving system.
Since the unshackling of milk quotas in 2015, the farm has entered expansion mode. Now, a large herd of predominately black and white cows takes centre stage on the farm and graze across approximately 220ac.
With the increasing herd comes an increasing workload. Matt and two other employees work full-time on the farm.
However, to reduce labour and improve accuracy at pressure points during the busy times of the year, a new drafting system was installed.
Unhappy with the accuracy of a previous system, the Saber Draft arrived on the farm last year.
“As the numbers got bigger, drafting was a problem – AIing cows and picking cows out for drying off. We had a previous drafter, but it wasn’t that accurate; we weren’t that happy with it.
“We put in the Saber Draft during the back end of last year – before we started to dry off – and it has worked a dream.
“Before that, we had drafters and maybe you would have 80-90% accuracy. That’s OK when you are drying off, but when you are trying to AI cows and you come out and there are a few cows missing, it’s not good enough,” Matt explained.
Calving is beginning to wind down on the farm and attention will turn to breeding in the coming months. Although the Saber unit is in its first year, Matt is confident of the system for the breeding season.
“We’re in the middle of drawing up

########
Rank: 18
Score: 28.508291
Retrieved Text: I Miss My Facebook Games!
When I'm writing, what I do usually is to play in between articles. Playing makes my mind relaxed and it kinda releases the extra information I have stored from the previous article's research process. It refreshes my mind and makes it ready to take in more information. As far as I know, when my mind gets overloaded with information, I am less productive. That's why I need to unload information in between writing tasks.
Now that I'm too busy, my information unloading activity is constricted to walking for a minute or gazing out of my window. I miss my farm in Farm Town and Farm Ville! I want to know if there are new items like pond supplies or not. I want to milk my pink cow to get strawberry milk. But everything has to be prioritized so all I can do is wait until I have lesser work load. Such is the life of a work-at-home mom. Hay!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 28.498453
Retrieved Text: Kindifarm’s calves are very friendly.
They are dairy calves and mostly have Jersey or Fresian breeding. These breeds tend to have very long and lean bodies. Its only as they grow older that they start to look more rounded.
Cows drink about a bathtub of water a day.
It takes 2 days for cows to process grass into milk.
A cow can produce about 100 glasses of milk each day.
Cows have a single stomach, but four digestive compartments. When they are grazing, cows swallow the grass and mix it with water in their rumen. It is then swallowed into the reticulum and squashed into cuds. Each cud is burped back into the mouth and chewed about 60 times for a minute! The mushed cud goes into the omasum, and then the abomasums. It is now ready to enter the bloodstream and keep the cow healthy and strong.
An average cow moves its jaw more than 40,000 times a day.
Cows do not bite grass; they curl their tongue around it.
Cows have an acute sense of smell and can smell something up to 10kms away!
Jonathan Balcombe tells of the friendship between a cow and a leopard in a village in India. Apparently when they meet the the cow licks the leopard in its neck and head. They are now good friends and the leopard visits the cow regularly!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 28.373957
Retrieved Text: Forget Babe the Blue Ox and Bessie the cow! You'll be the popular cow of all when you wear this Adult Happy Cow Costume. Tell the other cows in the pasture to move over...you got some grass to chew on!
Even if he's never been to Pamplona, your child can wear this Child Bull Costume. Pair it with a cow for a farm theme, or with a matador for a bullfighting theme, or with a cowboy (or cowgirl!)for a rodeo theme. And for once, anyone who says this costume is bull will be right!
What do you call a grumpy cow? Moo-dy! Well you will most certainly not be a grumpy cow while you wear this adorable Child Cow Costume. You'll have the coolest costume in the barn when you show up as a spotted cow!
Get moooo-ving on this Cow Ears and Tail Set. Its a quick, easy and affordable way to celebrate the season of ghouls. Once he's done being a haunted cow this set makes a perfect costume for a school play! It would have to be about animals of course.
"I just need a little more cowbell..."If you've got a big night planned as your favorite barnyard animal, turn your cow costume up a notch with this Cowbell accessory! You'll be able to smooze with all the other animals of the farm or the jungle. Just don't try to sneak up on anyone. You're cowbell ring will be a dead giveaway!
The other team better mooove over! Chear on the home team from the stands in this

########
Rank: 21
Score: 28.363138
Retrieved Text: Home » Our Blog » Dairy Farm Tour » Why be a Farmer?
The post below is written by Claire Stanley, a dairy farmer who grew up on Paul-Lin Dairy Farm in East Fairfield, Vermont.
Claire with her parents on their farm.
A very thoughtful friend recently gave me Sky Chalmers’s book, Sending Milk, a photographic story about dairy farming. The book’s introduction by Stephen Kiernan asked the question: Why be a farmer? It seems a simple question, but once you really sit and ponder, it becomes quite thought provoking.
Asking a farmer why they are a farmer could be compared to asking a cow why she is a cow. I feel that we are born farmers; it’s in our blood, passed down from one generation to the next. Farmers are a special breed; tough, weathered, hardworking, and persistent; rising daily before dawn to take on the day.
I was born and raised on a small dairy farm in rural Vermont, so ‘far out’ that we’re almost Canadian citizens. We are not a typical dairy farm, by any means – there are three major things that are different about our farm. First, we milk about 20 cows, which is considered tiny, even when compared to the average farm size in the state of Vermont. . Secondly, we have no machinery on our farm. There are no tractors or other large equipment that many people think makes a farm, a farm! And lastly, we farm with Jersey cows – the brown ones. About 99% of the cows producing milk today are Holsteins;

########
Rank: 22
Score: 28.140577
Retrieved Text: Why hug a tree when you can cuddle with a cow? Yes, that’s right, I said cuddle with a cow. This is an actual thing you can do in the Netherlands!
Why cuddle with a cow?
For one, cuddling can reduce your stress levels and improve your health, so says science. “Stimulating touch receptors under the skin can lower blood pressure and cortisol levels, effectively reducing stress,” says psychologist Matthew Hertenstein, PhD, director of the Touch and Emotion Lab at DePauw University.
Moreover, a cow’s body temperature is slightly higher than ours (39 degrees Celsius), while their heart rate is lower than ours, which, while lying against a cow, causes you to feel very relaxed.
Cow cuddling: wellness trend on the rise?
While the world still seems to be enthralled by goat yoga, cow cuddling (koeknuffelen in Dutch) is on the rise! It seems that the practice originated here in the Netherlands, which is not surprising considering the country is one of the world’s largest exporters of dairy products, and, therefore, home to a lot of cows. In fact, there were 1.693.385 dairy cows in the Netherlands in 2017, according to Statistics Netherlands (CBS).
All over the Netherlands, you can find farms that offer the cow cuddling experience. However, it is slowly spreading to the rest of Europe (Belgium, Switzerland) and even the US! Mountain Horse Farm in upstate New York offers a “Horse & Cow Experience”, which will set you back a staggering 300 USD for a 90-minute cow cuddling session for two people.
During a cow cuddling tour, you will slowly

########
Rank: 23
Score: 27.97204
Retrieved Text: with a can of red paint out to "educate" drivers.
And this smart bovine knew exactly where to stand.
He really is that much of a Saint.
I havent worn off all his fur...yet.
Next week : Interview with Mr. Foresterman!
"Farm Friend Friday" at Verde farms is havin' a Blog Hop with some fancy Cow bustin' moves!
Farm Friend Friday at Verde Farm!
And now double the fun !!
Oh you are too funny. :) Love the signage too!
love the picture! I miss driving through the Black Hills,enjoy the scenery!!
That picture is a classic! How funny!
Mr. Foresterman is wonderful!! You guys seem like the perfect pair--I love it. The COW sign is so funny and what are the odds of the cow posing :) LOL I know you are very busy too--hang in there--spring will come soon and hopefully we can enjoy it and slow down a tad.
Thanks for linking with FFF!
Your Mr. Foresterman has that long-suffering look down pat! I would have yelled stop to get that shot too.
You lucky girl, married to a Saint! If I had screamed, stop! (and I would have to, to be heard above the radio) and I opened the door to get out, I would be tumbling into the ditch and he MIGHT notice or turn to me and going to tell me to latch the door - find me missing.
That center picture is priceless!
Nothing wrong with a high pitched scream every once in awhile. Keeps everyone on their toes. Great photos!!
Such a perfect photo op! I would have screamed too!
I really liked this post. Very

########
Rank: 24
Score: 27.865366
Retrieved Text: The Marty MacDonald's Farm theatre shows are a range of fun, interactive, song-filled adventures, set on the most colourful farmyard, home to a host of lovable puppet characters. They feature Justin Fletcher & Nicole Davis from CBeebies as the voices of Pongo the Pig & Molly-Moo the Cow, are particularly suitable for 2 – 7 year olds and last for 80 minutes (including a 15-minute interval), followed by our popular cast meet & greet after the performance!
Worse still, the machine has stopped working, so they need to fix it before the Toy Maker comes to get it back!
Join Marty, Sally the Scarecrow, Pongo the Pig, Molly-Moo the Cow and Sheena the Sheep in a fun, musical, interactive adventure to repair the Toy Machine, save the day and give the world back its toys!"
Head, Shoulders, Knees And Toes, The Wheels On The Bus, The Hokey Cokey, The Grand Old Duke Of York, Mary Mary Quite Contrary, Old MacDonald Had A Farm, and many, many more!
"Today is the day that Pongo the Pig has been waiting for - that's right, it's his birthday! He's been dropping hints to his friends all year, so is looking forward to a fantastic party... but the trouble is, nobody seems to remember!
Molly-Moo the Cow is making a mess baking, Sheena the Sheep is rehearsing with her band, and Marty MacDonald is in the middle of decorating - whatever can they be up to?
Come dressed in your best party clothes and help make Pongo's Party a day to remember, by joining in a

########
Rank: 25
Score: 27.845995
Retrieved Text: The main leftovers of a cattle farm is dung. The animal excreta is a good source of energy that can be used as firewood alternative.
It does not stink and can be stored easily. Its it widely used in many places all over the world as fuel.
You can also use it to fuel your furnace if you don't like to cook on it. Using it in your fireplace won/t make your house smell of cow dung.It burns just like coal.
Store several days of excreta so that batch processing can be done.
Mix the dung with water to make a thick paste. Use gloves for hygiene purposes.
You can make it in any shape but it has to be kept in mind that it has to burn and has to be dried before that. So a thin flat round saucer shape is best fitting for the purpose.
It would take 3-5 days depending on the weather to dry completely.
The dung cakes are high in calorific value and are very good for fire places and barbecue cooking.
You can also add it to pots or farm land to use as a organic fertilizer.It contains about 3 percent nitrogen, 2 percent phosphorus, and 1 percent potassium (3-2-1 NPK).By mixing this compost into the soil, you can improve its moisture-holding capacity.
It's (depending on the farm) just grass and maybe grains, probably add a good flavor! I'd give it a whirl once, anyway, but I wouldn't tell anyone who was eating that day lol.
Its a fuel used in a huge part of rural Indian homes. And

########
Rank: 26
Score: 27.760326
Retrieved Text: Cow cuddling is nothing to laugh at. According to the Mountain Horse Farm, one of the leaders in the cow cuddling industry, two people can cuddle with one of their cows for only $75 an hour and four can cuddle with a cow for $125 an hour, although I think a cow might feel over-cudulled with that many people fawning over it. I did some figuring on the back of a napkin that may cause you to change your opinion about cow cuddling. If I owned 100 cuddling cows and if they cuddled for ten hours a day seven days a week I'd make $125,000 per day, based on the prices the Mountain Horse Farm is charging. If I was open for business 365 days a year I'd gross over 45 million dollars! I think you'll agree, that's a little more than we can make raising cattle for beef.
The Mountain Horse Farm is also into horse wellness and juice cleanings although they don't offer goat yoga yet. What, you've never heard about this craze sweeping the nation either? If I could amass the aforementioned 45 million dollars I would then have the funds necessary to buy some nannies and start goat yoga. From the videos I saw on the Internet all you do in goat yoga is turn a bunch of juvenile goats loose in a room so they can crawl all the the women while they are engaged in yoga poses such as lotus pose, the wild-thing pose, peacock pose or the cow pose, which

########
Rank: 27
Score: 27.729477
Retrieved Text: An indigo dyeing process involves tying a cloth item with rubber bands to create patterns, then soaking in dye and rinsing it, before hanging it up to dry.
DIY rose chocolate from mySeed Organic Rose Farm; Hakka “mini burger” from Zhuo Ye Cottage.
Sleeping on bales of hay and enduring pre-dawn waking hours used to be my preconceived notion of farmstays. I might even have to go tech-free.
But I could not be more wrong about the leisure farms in Taiwan when I visited four of them last year.
Authentic and close to nature, they offer all the creature comforts of a modern resort.
Some are high in the mountains amid tranquil surrounds, while others boast vast open spaces that are ideal for picnics and camping.
Each leisure farm has its own unique charm, with no lack of activities to keep visitors of all ages occupied — and coming back for more.
I had such a good time chillaxing at the farms that I couldn’t help but wonder: What have I been missing out all this while?
At Flying Cow Ranch (www.flyingcow.com.tw/en/) in Miaoli County, you can get up close to farm animals.
I tried my hand at milking a cow, but my lack of skill only yielded mere drops of milk. I was also apprehensive when I reached for the bovine’s warm belly with my icy fingers, chilly from the morning air (and yes, the cow flinched a little when I touched it).
My attempt at bottle-feeding a calf was more successful. All I had to do was to hold the bottle securely while the

########
Rank: 28
Score: 27.648123
Retrieved Text: Whether for environmental, health, or ethical reasons, the past few years have seen a dramatic shift in consumer attitude toward learning more about where their food comes from. This is especially true when it comes to animal products.
Consumers are increasingly seeking out smaller, local farms focused on raising their animals humanely and sustainably, rather than depending solely on supermarkets for food. Sumas Mountain Farms, run by Trevor and Kelly Newton, is an example of that type of farm.
Located in Abbotsford, just minutes from the city centre, they raise pastured chickens, pigs, and grass-fed cows. Since starting their farm in 2005, they have seen demand for their products steadily grow. One of the few farms in B.C. offering grass-only beef, Vancity Buzz spoke with the Newtons to learn about why that’s an important distinction.
It seems that people are increasingly interested in knowing more about the food they’re eating, particularly meat. Have you noticed this with your customers?
The Lower Mainland is home to a growing number of people who are not only health conscious but also interested in every aspect of their food, from its nutrient density, to how it gets produced, to where it comes from, to its impact on the land and the animals. These folks view their food as more than simply food, per se. I think it’s more than a fad, more than just a temporary phase. So we try to provide families with food that is raised with a view to the health of people, animals, and the planet. We’re grateful to have

########
Rank: 29
Score: 27.518892
Retrieved Text: Dear Town of Plattsburgh, You Need to Change Your Policies!
Tomorrow is the first of three, yes THREE, meetings with the planning board, which means that it will be a least April until we can start building anymore shelters in the field. I know that these regulations are in place for a reason, but with more and more people deciding to raise their own food I think they need to reevaluate how they go about regulating small farms. It's ridiculous that we have to go through the same process as a commercial farm when we only have a few animals. The Planning Board officer said that ours is the first situation of this kind in the town, but just because we are the first doesn't mean there won't be others. We are doing everything that the town has asked of us, and while they are working with us, what of the next backyard homesteaders? Do they really expect every person that wants to own a few chickens, goats or pigs to go through a three month planning board process, plus have an engineer draw up their plans? We only have one 20' x 20' preeminent structure planned; all the others will be portable and on skids, yet we still have to have an engineer's stamp on our plans. I don't even want to think about what that is going to cost.
I know that the main concern is that we are right up against a sub-division, but we are taking every precaution that our animals are not a

================



======= Instance Index 22 =========
Input Text: A cow is pretty boring, unless they jump over a moon in a what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- nursery rhyme
- stable
- rural area
- meat farm
- northern california

Target Text: nursery rhyme

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 34.202297
Retrieved Text: This adorable 11" personalized stuffed cow from Aurora Plush makes a great gift for any occasion. Clementine Cow is part of Aurora's Sweet and Softer line and is ultra soft and cuddly! Your cow will arrive wearing a T shirt personalized with your message and one of our graphics or your own photo, or logo. If you are putting a photo or logo on your stuffed animal T shirt, please upload a large, high resolution image using the link above (.jpg or .png format). *Please note: We cannot print copyrighted images unless you have a signed release form.
I'd jump over the moon to hear you are feeling better.
Just heard you've mooo-ved to a new house. Congratulations!
Mooo-ve on over "“ Jessie's 4!
Just herd you've been sent out to pasture "“ Isn't retirement wonderful?
I'm leading the stampede to wish you a Happy Birthday!
I'll love you till the cows come home!
The cow jumped over the moon"¦.Baby Michael Adam just jumped into our lives!
Don't be a cow-ard"¦reach for the stars!
Use plush Clementine Cow as a table center piece "“ plop her on some green Easter grass and erect plastic fencing around her.
Desperate for a baby gift? What could be cuter than plush Clementine Cow (wearing a t shirt personalized with the newborn's name and date of birth) propped at one end of a crib?
Play pin the tail on the cow and present the winner with a stuffed Clementine cow.
Imagine your child's teacher pulling Clementine Cow from a box and reading a personalized message on the cow's t shirt such as

########
Rank: 1
Score: 33.82577
Retrieved Text: What's your child's favorite nursery rhyme? We love Hey Diddle Diddle so we created an interactive fine motor craft. As your child turns the paper plates to have the cow jump over the moon you can work on teaching prepositional position words, too!
Are you ready to make a cow that actually jumps over the moon? You'll need two paper plates, kids' scissors, a brad, and crayons or markers for this craft. Cut out the inner circle of one paper plate. Cutting something sturdy like paper plates is great practice for beginning scissor skills!
Decorate the circle to look like the moon. I told our daughter that she could make a full or crescent moon. She chose a full moon but if you want to try a half moon you'll still need to leave the circle intact but only color half of it.
Draw a cow on the outside rim on the back of the second paper plate. You could also try to find cow stickers that would work well!
Attach the two plates together with a craft brad. Children will need assistance with this part as the brads can be sharp. I poked holes in our plates first to help with this step, too.
Holding on the the moon, children can twist the cow plate to make the cow jump over the moon! We used this Hey Diddle Diddle craft to practice position words.
"Can you put your cow over the moon?
Now he is beside the moon!
How could you put the cow under the moon?"
Printable Preschool Nursery Rhymes Journal by Fun-A-Day!
That

########
Rank: 2
Score: 32.760773
Retrieved Text: We were super excited to make it out to The Rose Theater once again. It's such a great place to feel inspired. This time Goodnight Moon was showing.
I always like to get a photo of the boys by the poster for the musical or play.
The show started right on time. It's always good to be a little early, so we can pick our seats. Isaak wanted to sit in the balcony this time.
It's 7 o'clock and time to go to sleep in The Great Green Room, but restless Bunny can't get to sleep. An Old Lady tries to help Bunny get to sleep, but has trouble doing so. His room comes to life with Mouse that sleeps under his bed, and other characters that jump out of a book and into his room. The cat with a fiddle, a red balloon, the telephone, clocks, dancing bears, socks, kittens, mittens, and a cow jumping over a moon are a few things Bunny encounters. Bedtime sure was entertaining!
September 2nd through the 18th. It's 60 minutes long without an intermission. Make sure if you have young ones with you they go to the bathroom before the show.
September 18 2 PM and 5 PM.
If you missed it Shrek is coming to the theater soon!
Best for ages 5 and up. I thought preschoolers would have liked it as well!
I never knew bedtime could be so entertaining. The characters sang, jumped, and danced around.
I liked the message that one can do whatever they set their minds too. The cow didn't think he/she

########
Rank: 3
Score: 32.541946
Retrieved Text: This piece is a kinetic chandelier based on the nursery rhyme “Hey diddle diddle”, and an homage to our late co-founder. It contains a hand-carved cows head in English Alabaster, a cast milk bottle (resin and onyx powder) and a fin of book binding leather in the 2D form of a jump. Each of the three items is held in perfect balance by a series of brass rods, each of which also holds a moon for the cow to jump over. We wanted to crate a mobile chandelier. Previous pieces had led us down a lunar path and so someone jokingly said, “I know, how about The Cow that Jumped Over the Moon.” What started as a joke gradually became a discussion and finally a design.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 31.518639
Retrieved Text: A brooch inspired by the nursery rhyme hey diddle diddle. This one of a kind brooch features the cow jumping over the moon part of the rhyme.
I created the brooch by crocheting coloured copper wire. I gave the cow Botswana agate stone hooves and horns and tiny black onyx stone nostrils and eye. The cow has a brooch pin on the back and the moon hangs under the cow with silver plated jump rings, two round ones and a star one in between.
The cow and moon brooch all together measures 6.5cm (2.6 in) tall and 5cm (2 in) wide.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 30.528688
Retrieved Text: After runnning over a lot of sharks, a rabbit continued to jump on the moon.
One cow appears out of a map, and another cow appears out of the cow. The cow will be a member of Ark.
Mr.gogh,do you like this woman?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 30.29189
Retrieved Text: Nope! Sleep knocked me out.
But last night, i made a strong come back. I laid down to figure something out and i got the solution before Sleep hit me.
Tonight i look forward to implementing it.
Previously, i've written a function to take the substring of an XML string, while preserving well-formedness. E.g. xml_substring( "<p>The brown <span class='light'>cow jumped over the lazy</span> moon</p>", 50 ) produces <p>The brown <span class='light'>cow jump</span></p>. What i need now is the rest of the string, i.e <p><span class='light'>ed over the lazy</span> moon.</p>. And i figured a way to build this into my recursive algorithm. So far i see only one problem with this, viz. an element with an id attribute can't be split into two.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.608568
Retrieved Text: Subject: Re:  Evidence For Alien Visits To Earth?
>>>You still missed the point I was trying to make.
>>I agree to disagree with you, as I do disagree with you.
>are proof that we have mammal neighbors?
>>>Yes, and a cow can jump over the moon. Where is your evidence?
>>there is no such evidence.
>that our physics laws may not be universal. So what?
I love the quote from Philip Roth.
feel free to respond privately or in the chat group.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 28.379803
Retrieved Text: I LOVE LOVE LOVE Homesteading! While most days are filled with frustration; the hard work and perseverance always pay off! We brought home a couple of bred cows last month, two weeks later one of them gave birth. I have been fighting for fresh milk ever since. Trying to earn Missy Moo’s affection has been challenging. I’ve been kicked by a calf, head butted in the stomach by his horned Momma, stepped on, pooped on, and chased across the field.
Today, my son drank fresh, raw, cows milk with his breakfast.
Accomplishment is a wonderful feeling. The best part: it tastes amazing! I realized yesterday that I should have been recording the process because, frankly, someone could probably learn from my mistakes. I’ve spent hours watching YouTube videos about milking cows… not a single one of them warned me that my cow *might* jump over the barn stall when I separated her calf from her. Have you ever seen a cow jump? I remember a nursery rhyme that said a cow could jump over the moon, but I always just chalked that up to child’s play. Nope. It might actually be possible. But that experience is in the past now.
Today, I drank real milk.
After a great deal of trial and error, I found that moving Missy and her calf into a small barn lot away from the other animals was vital. They have been dependent on me for food, water, and mineral, in addition to having to put up with me moving around them to clean out the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 27.545343
Retrieved Text: The moon landings have always been controversial. Were they real? Were they filmed in a secret studio somewhere?
Seriously. It doesn’t matter if they went there. Even if they did, they just left right away. Maybe the put in a flag. Maybe they brought back some rocks. Whatever! They didn’t put down any roots. It was like when the Vikings first visited N. America. Big deal!
Unless you go there and set up shop, FOR GOOD!, it’s a pretty useless trip. The moon isn’t even a really great place to go on vacation.
But finally that’s all behind us. NASA has just unveiled plans to go there for real! We’re going to build cities and stay there!
It’s only been done a million times in books. And it looks like it will be pretty good there. You can jump high, and stuff.
Pleased as punch, is I think how they describe it.
Let’s get this done, people. We need a backup plan because this ship is going down.
They haven’t released real estate prices yet. But you’d better start saving. Or not. Maybe it will be cheap like Minnesota was! Space is the last frontier, dude. It’s big!

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.41181
Retrieved Text: This is a new space police procedural mystery from S. Evan Townsend - Treasures of the Rogue Moon.
. . . what fools these mortal be!
Jil Handaughter and Rick Bailey are living in hiding, hoping the Core Empire or the Interstellar Militia and Police won't find them. Hiding is safe, but boring. When a strange creature offers them the chance to find an ancient artifact on a "rogue moon" that can do "something wondrous," they jump at the opportunity.
Pursued by Core Empire operatives who want to take Bailey back to Earth for execution and the authorities who want to put Jil back in prison, they race across the galaxy looking for clues to the artifact. But the mysteries add up: what does the archaic race of the Agrocrageenans have to do with it, and what does that strange being that appears to have telepathic powers want?
Will Rick and Jil find the rogue moon before the authorities or the Core Empire catches up to them? Is it worth risking their lives for the treasure of the rouge moon?
Treasures of the Rogue Moon is free for Kindle Unlimited subscribers. If you want to see if subscribing is right for you, can get a Kindle Unlimited 30-Day Free Trial.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.031311
Retrieved Text: We would jump over the moon for you! Announce your child’s adoption with this white flat card featuring a blue border and the whole gang from “Cat and the Fiddle”: the dish, spoon, laughing dog, cow, moon, and of course, the cat with the fiddle. Your personalized text is printed on the flat card inside the border. Blank (unpersonalized) card is available and compatible with most desktop printers, so you can choose to print it yourself at home or have us custom print it for you. Perfect for adoption announcement.
Be the first to review “Baby Cat and the Fiddle Adoption Announcements” Click here to cancel reply.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 26.042933
Retrieved Text: So, like anyone who reads the paper or pays halfattention to what’s going on in the world, I knew that Oscar De La Hoya was fighting way back when but as I tend to do with boxing, I ignored everything about it. You see, boxing makes for great movies (even though I’m not a Rocky fan) but watching the sport? No thanks. Oh, I admire the shape these guys have to be in, but I really don’t like watching the actual sport until I saw a picture of Floyd Mayweather Jr. Holy cow, Oscar de la Hoya’s opponent tomorrow is a cutie. Hmm..maybe I’m rethinking this boxing thing.
a cutie until the 4th round.
that’s funny because i realized most of my favorite sports movies are boxing movies — raging bull and when we were kings — but i’ve never watched a real boxing match.
The problem with boxing is that it tends to be boring. Unless it is olympic boxing because they only have three rounds, so they HAVE to hit each other.
I’m kind of into this fight for some reason. I root for De La Hoya because every hates him just because he is pretty. I can relate to that, so I will always have his back.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.498808
Retrieved Text: The cow tripped over the moon / Tony Wilson ; Laura Wood.
Lindfield, NSW : Scholastic Australia, 2015.
1 volume (unpaged) : colour illustrations ; 26 cm.
Hey diddle diddle You all know the riddle a cow jumps over the moon. But the moon is very high in the sky. How many attempts will it take before Cow makes her famous high-flying leap?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.34725
Retrieved Text: Berger 215 highbred or. 230 tactical?
Discussion in 'Reloading' started by Maina, Jun 22, 2015.
You left out the 230 gr Match target hybrid. Based on the highest BC it would be the 230 gr match version. Based on what Broz has contributed the 215 might be your best choice for deer with a bit more expansion.
Broz said he preferred the 215 over either 230 unless the shots were going to be close on the larger bodied animals like elk.
Don't worry about seating the any of these hybrids deeply into the case. Even with a substantial jump to the rifling the hybrids usually will shoot with little or no seating depth tweaking.
Three of us chose the 230 gr match target hybrid. Two rifles are the 300 RUM the other a 300 WSM. My RUM shot a cow elk at 250 yd and the 300 WSM shot a cow elk at 300 yd. I saw the results. Both bullets exited and the elk died quickly. The other RUM shot an AK moose at approx. 80 yds and an aoudad at 680 yds. Both times the bullet exited and animals died quickly.
In my opinion, In a RUM either would be a good choice for what you want as long as you don't push the 215's too hard. By that I mean I see plenty of expansion with them from a 300 win at 3035 fps. I would not want to push the 215 to 3100 or 3200 for use on soft deer at distances below 500~600 yards.
I love the 215's

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.306488
Retrieved Text: No doubt, you have noticed those ads running on the front page for Maals, and you’re wondering, well, what is this brand (and watch)? Rest assured, we’re only showing you stuff (in terms of advertising) that we think is interesting. For this particular round, the ad world bled into the editorial (though we do maintain strict firewalls between those teams), as we learned that there was a prototype we could be loaned. So, why not? Let’s poke around and see what you’ll get should you pre-order your own Maals Jump Over The Moon.
Now, first off, that name. Looking at the dial, of course, you see nothing that would indicate anything of space, or the moon – at least if you’re me. I originally though it got it’s name from the caseback. As it turns out, no, that’s not the case. It’s actually the case of a “Jump Hour” indication being over the moon phase. Hence, Jump over the Moon. Then, on the back, the theme continues with an engraving based on art by Okse. You’ve got a stylized astronaut bounding over the lunar surface, and in the background, you can see a UFO beaming something onto Earth. The engraving itself is decently deep, so it should stay there a good long time, without being too much of a magnet for wrist crud.
Now, back over to the dial side of the Maals Jump Over The Moon. This is what grabs most peoples’ attention, I’m presuming, as it is quite different. Showing it to friends at work, they

########
Rank: 16
Score: 24.883701
Retrieved Text: After spending the last half hour trying to fix my last post and giving *crosses her fingers that this will work* a_gothic_beauty her credit for the info, I am now prepared to make a post. However I have nothing really exciting going on. I skipped class *again* today...but I HAVE to go tomorrow because I have a test and I'm not falling behind on tests this semester. That's what always kills me.
Uhhh...let's see. That's really about it. Other than the stuff that I'm sure you all REALLY don't want to know my life has been pretty boring. I've mostly been sleeping and crocheting a scarf for Brian and making him a chocolate cow. Other than that I've been eatting, sleeping, and taking care of the cat and dog.
Sigh...I need a life...anyone selling one? Cheap.
what exactly is a chocolate cow?
Good luck on ur test.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 24.554655
Retrieved Text: The Cancer sun Aries moon person is someone who is likely to possess the courage to follow their heart and do what they believe is right. They are probably less emotionally clingy than other cancerians and less guarded as well. They are restless and always trying conquer their fears but are unafraid to wear their heart on their sleeves. The sun in Cancer, moon in Aries combo suggests someone who is direct and expresses their needs and desires in a straight forward manner. They come across to others as very genuine and non beguiling but maybe a little competitive and arrogant.
They express themselves honestly and will tell you how they really feel so that you will always know where they stand. Their emotions can be intense and explosive. Their mood swings can go from sugary sweet to raging hell lord with little warning but fortunately, their tantrums are pretty brief and when it is all over with, they are usually the first to kiss and make up again.
The Cancer sun Aries woman is bound to be formidable and combative. They are emotionally strong and sure-minded and are unafraid to fight for what they want. In the heat of the moment, they can deliver and they often thrive under pressure. They fancy themselves a leader and trend setter. They are very independent and emotionally low maintenance and they have the ability to rebound very quickly from disappointments and setbacks. The Cancer sun Aries moon female is less likely to be domestically inclined and more interested in branching

########
Rank: 18
Score: 24.223907
Retrieved Text: Tone down the Netspeak Netspeak is the main culprit when it comes to unsuccessful first mails. Everyday boring life turns into an adventure along with me! It is also worth noting that most often discuss this from the point of view of a man contacting a woman, since that was my experience, but my hope is that the thoughts here are helpful to anyone. You could always spruce it up a bit and go with a foreign greeting, but make sure you know what it means otherwise you could come off looking like a bit of a Del boy.
The word pretty is a perfect case study for our point. Religion is always a bit of a minefield in the dating game and you really need to be careful not to offend anyone or risk being offended yourself. On a dating app like Tinder or Bumble, difference between codifying and consolidating statutes online you can take a quick glance at her photos and bio to see if any common interests jump out.
Mentioning something yummy-sounding works just as well on dating apps. Guys need to know that when they send super generic messages, women can tell they copied and pasted that exact message to lots of other women.
Women are too smart to fall for them. But ideally you should just disbelieve the whole thing.
So while you should avoid using netspeak too much, using slang or an unusual greeting is considered a great move. Better to focus on interests, or even better, common interests.
You have to keep her attention

########
Rank: 19
Score: 24.218397
Retrieved Text: There's a great book called "Welcome to Moonbase" by Ben Bova (1987) written from the perspective of an established colony on the moon providing an information handbook for someone recently relocated to live and work there. A lot of ground is covered, from governance, technology, buildings, recreation, mining, food, farming. I have fond memories of reading this book, and this article reminded me of it. I think about that book often, it was, like this article, very inspiring. It's interesting to see how the ideas about moon habitation have, and have not, changed over the past 30 years. The mention of "3d printing" the building structures in this piece, for example.
I would expect tunneling to take the place of printing buildings, for a couple of reasons. First, you can process the tunnel machine tailings for resources like water ice, which you can then use for air and fuel and biology. Second, you can live in the tunnels, which would give you as many meters of regolith as radiation shielding as you wanted. And, interesting side fact, the Boring Company TBM will fit inside a BFR.
Interesting. I just finished The God's Themselves by Asimov and the moon colony was all underground in that book.
20th century science fiction should always be taken as a how to guide for space colonisation. Now about that FTL transport.
The links you posted show that 1/2m of slightly compacted regolith provide adequate protection from most radiation. It might be that 3d printing some components and burying them in regolith is much easier than

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.11501
Retrieved Text: Lately I'm not good at getting up and shooting the sunrise or sunset. Instead I prefer to stay in where it's cozy and warm, walking on the treadmill and doing my exercises for my back. However, Tuesday morning I could see the moon waning in the sky and thought it might be pretty to capture it as it set on the bay. So here we go.
Geese were flying in repeatedly, that is until the sky started to lighten up a bit. It seems they prefer to travel in low light. Hmm... don't they know I'm trying to get a picturesque shot here?
I've been trying to add work to my Redbubble and Society 6 websites. It takes a lot of time to set up photography websites, work on images and then post them, all the while trying to figure out if you're charging to much, to little, or what. Both sites seem to be quite good, though I suspect Society 6 has product that is a bit higher quality. I know they charge enough for their services! Holy cow! But, I guess that's the way it goes if you want someone else to do all the work, right?
We had snow yesterday and rain this morning, which turned everything to ice. Seeing as how we are in the northeast though school was ON both days. We're hardy folk here in NH. Or stubborn. Could be a combination of both. Yes, I believe that's what it is. Ha haa!!!
I'm glad you went out and took these lovely moon shots

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.112816
Retrieved Text: THIS IS THE COW JUMPING OVER THE MOON WHIRLIGIG !!
THIS COW JUMPING OVER THE MOON TIMES SINCE HITCOUNTER WAS SET ON NOVEMBER 11, 2003!!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 24.062778
Retrieved Text: A teenage boy is being treated for his injuries in hospital after a sheep fell on him from a mountain crag.
The Mourne Mountain Rescue Team found the casualty on steep ground at Slieve Bearnagh, in County Down, Northern Ireland, after being called to the scene on Friday (August 17).
The boy had been walking with a group and the sheep is believed to have fallen from an adjacent crag.
A Mourne Mountain Rescue Team spokesman said: "The casualty was assessed and treated for a range of potential injuries including head, neck, back, abdominal and leg injuries.
"When packaged, the casualty was evacuated by stretcher to track access and a team vehicle.
"After a short transfer to road access, the casualty was handed over to the Northern Ireland Ambulance Service for further treatment and the onward journey to Hospital.
"For information, we believe the sheep was uninjured and left the area unaided."
A number of social media users saw the funny side to the bizarre incident, while wishing the youngster a speedy recovery.
David Flanagan posted: "What is the natural world coming to? Pigs might fly, a cow was seen to jump over the moon and now a base-jumping sheep. Hope the guy that got in the way of its antics makes a full and quick recovery."
Dave Dickson wrote: "Well done MMRT. I’ll be up there in September. We’ll watch out for flying sheep!"

########
Rank: 23
Score: 24.022478
Retrieved Text: For the last week in Adelaide we have had the Royal Adelaide Show. This is basically a week long show with amusement rides, craft stalls, local food and wine produce and lots and lots of animals!
In the main arena the horses are taking part in many competitions and out of all the animals my daughter absolutely loved watching the horses. She kept saying…”horse…jump”! She is only just turning two, so her vocabulary is not outstanding, but horse and jump I heard over and over and over again!
She seemed very much a country girl and in her element watching these horses. So for this week I decided to take a peek at some cowgirl birthday party ideas.
Are you sitting comfortably and ready to take a a look at these five wonderful features? Great….let’s get started!
First up for the week is this stunning vintage cowgirl party by Craftiness is not optional. I absolutely love every detail of this party and the straw hats and bandanas given to the kids on arrival was just gorgeous. Get the kids into the spirit of the theme right from the beginning and you know they are going to have a great time. The party favors look pretty amazing too, don’t you think?
Next on the list for our cowgirl birthday party ideas is this party by Strawberry Mommy Cakes. It is bright and colourful and inspired by Toy Story. I love all the details on the dessert table….including the desserts…lol. This next cowgirl party by Home Made By Jill is pink and girly

########
Rank: 24
Score: 23.914944
Retrieved Text: Alright so while checking out his game a few times, we can finally come to this section of the review where we can pinpoint a few ideas. Make the medals harder as you level they seemed to easy to atain, and some english version buttons would be a nice gesture.
It's not really hard when you have learned the pattern. After that it is almost possible to play with closed eyes and there is no need for fast reactions.
Consider the obstacle where you need to run under a block before jumping over another as number 0, or 7. The next obstacle is number 1 where you just need to do a single jump. 2 is a single jump. 3 is a doubble jump. 4 often spawns before landing and in that case can be ran under. Else just do a single jump. 5 is a doubble block. Do an early single jump. 6 is a single jump. Start over.
The game bacomes pretty boring after a while but it is good to know that fast reactions isn't the key.
Pretty hard game after playing for awhile. You really need the reaction time of a cat to get pretty far. The blocks come at you pretty fast which can be distracting at times. I found myself jumping when I didn't need to which caused my death (my fault). The music is pretty soothing at least but only gets annoying after awhile. I noticed there wasn't any options to change languages. Also, I found the high score table sticking on my

########
Rank: 25
Score: 23.761787
Retrieved Text: The Source > Modern > Format Discussion > What deck do you reccomend for me?
View Full Version : What deck do you reccomend for me?
You could go for Tron. UW and GR have a decent MU against blue based control. Another possibility is Affinity, if you are good at it.
Storm is okay too. You will win G1 and have a hard time G2/3, but Blood Moon and Defense Grid help.
Blue Moon is obviously also good against 3-color decks.
Blue moon is surprisingly poor against tarmo-twin.
However, it just shits on UWR, as UWR's main win condition is celestial colonnade.
To be fair, it isn't really Blue Moon as a whole, it's 99.9% the card Blood Moon. I mean, pretty much any deck that resolves Blood Moon against UWR Control will win unless the UWR Control lucksacks his way into all of his basics + his 1-2 SB Wear/Tear (that he may not have even boarded in).
You'd be surprised how much work Spreading Seas does at keeping decks off of a certain color.
Oh I know, we have a couple Merfolk players every week at FNM. Seas can definitely be annoying, but it is nowhere near as game-ending as a resolved Blood Moon against UWR Control.
Unfortunately I would probably say UWR Control.
Tarmo-Twin is a great aggro deck and combo deck. With it's two-pronged attack style it's hard to shut it down, simply control it as it's essentially Goodstuff.dec with an Oops I win combo in it.
UWR Control nuts all flavors of Twin pretty hard. BGx also nuts Twin pretty hard too,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 23.682837
Retrieved Text: Strength Basics: Training Beginners - Boring?
One of my clients remarked to me the other day, "This must get boring." This meaning what? "Beginners."
Actually, no. For me, it never gets boring.
One of my friends trains athletes pretty much exclusively. He teaches running mechanics every week, year in, year out. Jump mechanics. Landing. Cutting. Throwing. You name it, he teaches it. Does getting amateur and professional athletes better get boring? Not to him. He clearly loves his work. I'm the same way with teaching the basics to beginners. You watch someone go from totally unable to do something as intended to getting it done.
I've coached people from being unable to balance on one leg to single-leg squatting. From being able to do only a single pushup on a 45 degree angled barbell to multiple pushups off the floor. From in pain constantly due to muscle imbalances, excess weight, and nagging chronic misuse of their joints to remarkably pain-free movement. It's not magic - I'm not a doctor, I'm not doing surgery, I'm not prescribing medication. I'm just teaching movement within the bounds of what you can do now and expanding those bounds.
I get great satisfaction out of my role in helping people get back their athleticism. Or get back their movement. Or learn how to do some basic exercises, learn the gym lingo, and go off on their own with improved confidence.
When someone goes from "can't" to "can" you've been a part of giving them back control of their lives they had lost. It doesn't matter if that

########
Rank: 27
Score: 23.584557
Retrieved Text: Max and I have just read the most bizarre book. I'm still trying to get my head around what we read but to a 4 year old it all made perfect sense, so much so we ready it again!
Nonsense lies at the heart of many beloved nursery rhymes..... the cow jumped over the moon and the dish ran away with the spoon - to me this makes perfect sense, I've grown up with this story and at first giggled at it, thought it funny and strange and then.... well just accepted the surreal and the 'poppycock' of the world of rhymes.
So why did I struggle with this book? I feel like Pan all grown up, I've forgotten how to play and have fun reading a gobbledegook story book and enjoying it..... fortunately my 4 year old is still very much in never-land.
The book is aimed for children between 3-7 and as I said at the start - is rather bizarre, it gets the brain juices flowing and will almost certainly cause discussion. Max is so desperately trying to read and asked me to read each line and he then repeated it back, by the second read of the book because it's in rhyme form he almost knew the next line before I read it.
He couldn't get his head round the two headed snake with no tail, but fully accepted a fish in the a cage and a bird in the water.
I can't say it was a book I enjoyed reading, but it was very much a

########
Rank: 28
Score: 23.555796
Retrieved Text: Today I was reading Curious George to Luke, and after "He was a good little monkey, and always very curious." I added, "Just like Luke." Luke protested that he wasn't curious, but I said he always wanted to know things, just like George.
Then Luke said, "I not live inside TV." I said, "Certainly not. You live outside the TV." Luke replied, "I live in front of the TV." Which is, of course, about right.
I often wear my hair up in a pony-tail so when Luke asked me what I was doing, I told him. You never know what a kid will remember, but today when I was putting up my hair, Luke told me I had a horse head.
A few days ago I was talking to Grandma on the phone with Luke on my lap. Luke started pressing his ear up to the side of my head opposite the phone. After a minute, I realized what he might be doing, so I asked him if he was trying to hear Grandma. Yep.
For a long time, Luke hasn't wanted me to sing lullabies to him when putting him to bed. A few nights ago, though, he was pretty upset. I couldn't figure out exactly why - he seemed to be remembering upsetting events from the day, so he was crying a bit and I wasn't really able to stop him. As usual, I asked if I could sing him a song. He said yes! And when I started singing, he stopped crying. That's an easy way to

########
Rank: 29
Score: 23.54648
Retrieved Text: This entry was posted in Blogging, Fables & Folklore, Florida, History, moon, Nature, Objects of Beauty, Real Personal History, Texas, The RV Life, The South, Travels, Uncategorized and tagged full moon, Hunter's moon, lunar cycles, Pecos, Phases of the moon, snow moon, wolf moon.
At every age the moon has brought different thoughts to mind. As a young child filled with innocence I looked for a cow jumping…later on it was a man sitting, contemplating…what? I’m not sure…as a teen it was all about love..the specialness of a moonlight walk..in the winter it was the beauty of the fresh fallen snow or the warm sandy beach . As an older person it brings back memories.
About the drums…who knows what they could convey…we said a lot through morse code!

================



======= Instance Index 23 =========
Input Text: A cube has a top, bottom, two sides and what else?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- corner
- in between
- center
- front back
- one side

Target Text: front back

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 31.455359
Retrieved Text: You can make beautiful cube shaped tree ornaments using old Christmas cards, some ribbon and a couple of buttons. It sounds too good to be true, right? There are so many Christmas cards that are just too pretty to throw away or even to give away.
This cube shaped ornament lets you show almost the whole Christmas card, and if you want to remember who sent the card to you, cut the top or bottom of the cube from the signature area.
You don't have to display all the cube ornaments on the tree either, leave off the ribbon hanger and stack a few on an end table, place some on a wreath, tuck them in an arrangement or make a Christmas cube garland for the mantle. Once you see how really terrific these cubes show off your Christmas cards, you'll think up many more uses for them.
Narrow trims, ribbons, glitter chenille strips, etc.
Print the patterns on cardstock. Be sure you carefully cut the "v" shapes where shown on the pattern. Then, when you trace the pattern onto your Christmas card you'll score across from one "v" to the opposite "v." You don't have to cut the "v" when cutting the Christmas card.
Apply glue to the tabs on the side pieces, match to the straight side on the other side piece and apply pressure til they adhere. Notice that the tab is to the inside of the cube.
This is shown when wide Christmas cards were used. Use the smaller side pattern for the narrower cards. Each side corner

########
Rank: 1
Score: 31.10225
Retrieved Text: A little while ago, I saw that someone made a cube matrix, so I wanted to try the same thing. However I am running into a few issues.
Details first; three sides - Left, Right and Top made from 6 P10 panels 2 for each "side"
Layout in Xlights: How can I "parallelogram" the individual matrices to form the perspective cube sides and top.
layout in Falcon: layout seems straight forward if I treat them as individual outputs from the octoscroller and the layout tab on Falcon should be a non issue, but we will see once everything gets rolling.
Once I get the isometric perspective view in xlights correct, the effects should look awesome, but when I try to layout everything, it leaves gaps in different spots and an effect applied across all three matrices doesn't look as fluid as it should be.
I excel whipped this model and it is exactly how I want it for the Xlights layout. Next is to see how well the setup and translation to the BBB is through FPP.
k. Hitting a wall here in trying to get this to work in FPP. How would I best layout this in the LED panel setup? I have previously setup signs that were flat and in a rather basic configuration. 2X3 where calling the outputs is fairly easy. In this instance, when I try to apply what I have done previously, I get some very wacky results. I have it setup as the top separate from the sides. That makes it three separate panels, but with

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.98442
Retrieved Text: for the production of the Cruces Plummeri & Christmani.
of which we spoke earlier today.
the higher (Plummer, Christman) crosses from a solved position.
the eager cubist may learn exactly what these configurations are.
and body-slicing centerslices meet in the front face.
centerslice 90 either way (your choice).
on the right and left sides.
1.	Perform doubleswap on front-back.
place. This will be either 90 deg. left or right.
3.	Perform doubleswap on front-back.
4.	Undo step 2, i.e., turn FRONT 90 deg the "other" way.
You will see the floor-parallel centerslice begin to form a band.
back face, but the WRONG two places on the back face. Easy.
cubies wind up in the right place.
floor-parallel slice should now be a solid band.
Look at the top of the cube. Make it the front.
them to get solid crosses, and then you should have the Crux Christmani.
Study well what you have: three pairs of alternated crosses.
is a direct route from solved that is more intuitive.
Take the cube, turn the body-slicing centerslice up 90 deg.
of trebly-interleaved colors: that is the characteristic of the CP.
Look at the TOP or BOTTOM. Let's say the TOP. Make it the front.
remember to look for after aligning centers to taste.
We're gonna rotate the y y y band into the horiz position.
solid color-band of the floor-parallel slice.
crosses on both. Do it.
Take what had been the top just now, and call that the front.
body-parallel plane is correct and complete.
inspectionof the top bottom and sides of the cube will show.
This is true of the back, as well.
It is done. Consider it.
triply-rotated canon of centers , edges, and corners appears.
of the CP that only

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.322365
Retrieved Text: This step, along with the next step, is the most difficult to teach because there are so many possible starting situations. Fortunately, after the steps it takes very little effort to complete the rest of the cube, so please be patient on the steps one and two.
In this step, it is important to remember that the center of each side of the cube does not move, so that each party that color. You must bring all the pieces of another color on that side. In the example below we take the red / green pieces to match with the red and green. Here are the most common measures for this step. You must do this for all four sides to make a cross like the “after” picture below.
Again, this step is a little harder to teach than the steps to follow because the number of possible start situations, but the picture below will help you through it.
Find a corner piece on the bottom layer that belongs on the top. In our example this image is cut any corners with green in it. Move this section to lie on the bottom layer directly below the appropriate place in the top layer of the cube. In other words, places where the pieces should start to be in the same column as the place where you want the piece ended. Then, see the picture below to solve. Make sure you look at the true picture began. Perform this step on all four sides.
In this step, the goal is to

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.916346
Retrieved Text: 1) Measure out 4 lengths of canvas that are 12 and 1/4-inches wide and 30 1/4-inches long.
2) Mark a spot on each canvas that is 1-foot from the top and bottom edge on both sides. Mark a spot directly center of both the top and bottom edge. Mark a straight edge line that goes from the side spots to the top and bottom spots.
3) Cut along the lines to produce the tapered edges you need for the top and bottom of the cube design you’ll sew.
4) Pick the design you wish to stencil on each side, mark off the pattern and paint the desired color. Set them aside to dry.
5) Pin the 4 sides together, starting with the tapered ends at the bottom and begin sewing. Be sure to keep the 1/8-inch seam and painted sides to the outside.
6) Stop sewing once you reach the top tapered ends. Stuff with the cushion cube.
7) Close off and sew the remainder by hand.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 29.735266
Retrieved Text: Home › Amazing Furniture › Pair of Zebra Hide Cube Ottomans 20"
Our stunning pair of zebra hide cube ottomans are amazing for a variety of uses and design. Forsyth craftsmen select the finest hides that artistically compliment five sides of the cube. It takes two full zebra hides to make this beautiful pair. Our cotton canvas is sewn on the bottom and used for the piping detail on top. The 20 inch cubes are filled with over 20 pounds of stuffing. No frame work is used. This creates a striking look and an incredibly comfortable seat.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 29.627771
Retrieved Text: The figures in this document represent a sample cube. You should match as many colors on your cube as possible to the figures, then make mental notes about which colors correspond between your cube and the figures. In addition, the middle-center pieces are numbered for reference such that 1 and 2 are opposite each other and 3, 4, 5, and 6 go around the cube in a circle. Finally, the diagrams show all six sides of the cube by pretending that mirrors are being held up so that you may see the "hidden" sides.
The directions for what parts of the cube to turn and when are given in a code that is relative to the current positioning of the cube. Each side or slice descriptor refers to a side with respect to the figure the move is referenced to. This means that the front side can be a different color, depending on the diagram being used. The code is easy to follow and instructive diagrams are included for each of the moves.
V for the vertical slice (between the left and right sides).
Although the directions are relative to the current positioning of the cube, the numbers assigned to each side always stay with the same color/side they were originally assigned.
There are no symbols listed for the bottom, right, and back because these directions do not require them.
The numbers tell you which direction to rotate a given side or slice and how many times to rotate it: 1 for one quarter turn clockwise, -1 for one quarter turn

########
Rank: 7
Score: 29.303402
Retrieved Text: You make ice cube tray chocolates from the top down. Start by pouring melted chocolate into your ice cube tray. Then with a clean pastry brush, paint the sides of the tray with chocolate and let sit for a couple of minutes before placing in freezer for 2 minutes.
Fill your try with your favorite fillings. We filled ours with peanut butter, marshmallow, and a mixture of caramel and chopped peanuts. We also tested maraschino cherries, which makes another great filling.
Remove from freezer and now you’re ready to pour some chocolate on top as the finishing touch. Then, it’s back in the freezer for an hour.
It’s cool to see what a beautiful mold the ice cube tray makes.
Finally, the moment you’ve been waiting for! Gently twist the ice cube tray to release the chocolates from the tray. You’re friends and family won’t believe how simple and fun this is.
Place the chocolate chips and coconut oil in a microwave safe measuring cup or bowl.
Microwave the chocolate in 30 second intervals until melted (stir between each interval) should take about 90 seconds depending on your microwave.
Spray the ice cube tray lightly with cooking spray, and use the pastry brush to coat all sides up to the top of the tray. Also, use the brush to remove any excess cooking spray so there is not a pool in the bottom of the trays.
Fill the ice cube tray about ⅓ full with your choice of chocolate.
Allow the chocolate to sit in the ice cube tray for 2-3 minutes.
Tilt the trays and

########
Rank: 8
Score: 29.190796
Retrieved Text: I'm currently trying to make a grid like material for a cube that masks the top and bottom faces (i.e. only the four walls of the cube are grid like, all other sides are hollow). See the figure below, where the blue check marks are good, and the red x needs to be masked.
Anyways, I'm a little stuck on this and does anyone have any recommendations? (Would also love to find a way to remove the glitching that occurs when the grid size is overlapping, see preview window top side of cube by material of blueprint).
if you aren't rotating the cube the vertex normal vector for the top face is 0,0,1 the other the side faces are something,something,0. I think the bottom face is 0,0,-1 so I think if you took the vertexnormalws then use a component mask so you only get the blue channel, then use and abs node, you should get a mask for the top and bottom of the cube.
It worked, thank you so much @IndieGameCove!!!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 29.075687
Retrieved Text: These mazes are on the opposite sides of each other, and are thus mirror images. Look at the bottom one with the white border, and start in the bottom right where the yellow path comes out. Follow your way through on the yellow and orange path until you come out the top left. Or, start on the left side and follow the green and orange path until you come out the right side. Thus, two mazes on one grid.
Since most of the cube art is one-sided, its easy to do. This was two sided, so a bit trickier, but because the mazes are mirror images, they are easier than having two different images on both sides.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 28.31156
Retrieved Text: 2. Grease 13x9x2 baking dish with nonstick spray.
3. In a medium mixing bowl combine spinach, cheese, and French fried onions. Mix well.
4. Lay cube steaks flat and spread mustard on top. Then layer each steak with the spinach mixture, press to flatten.
5. Roll up each cube steak.
6. Place remaining spinach mixture in bottom of baking dish and place each rolled up cube steak on top.
7. In another mixing bowl combine oil, paprika, garlic powder and pepper and brush over cube steak rolls.
8. Cover dish with foil and bake for 30 minutes.
9. Uncover dish and bake for an additional 10 minutes.
1.Rub the olive oil over both sides of the steaks.
2. In small mixing bowl combine pepper, salt and garlic powder.
3. Sprinkle mixture on both sides of steaks.
4. Place steaks on grill, medium heat. Grill, flipping only once, for 2-3 minutes per side.
5. Serve with choice of sides.
This is an extremely easy recipe. Feel free to add your own spices to the mixture. Don’t be afraid to experiment!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.941664
Retrieved Text: Each side of the Ultimate Alphabet Activity Cube has something for babies to explore. Through the five sides of interactive play on this electronic activity cube, babies and toddlers will be exposed to more than 80 animations on an LED screen and more than 250 songs, melodies, sounds, and phrases all about letters, numbers, shapes, colors, and animals. There are even 13 double-sided letter blocks to help with fine motor skills through building play.
The main side of the cube has the LED screen. Turn on the toy by selecting either Learning Mode, where kids will learn about letters and hear fun sounds and tunes, and Explore Mode, where kids will learn more about letters and objects, answer simple questions, and hear fun sounds and tunes. In either mode, place one of the letter blocks into the letter recognition slot to activate the sounds, phrases, and music.
On this side, kids can also press the number/animal buttons to hear about numbers, shapes, colors, animals and their sounds, and music. Slide the bear to activate even more sounds and animations. There is also a rattling, rolling ball and a bead slider.
Another side of the cube has a block chute where kids can drop the letter blocks to hear the cube count them or play fun music and sounds.
The back of the cube has a block sorter. Kids can drop the blocks through the slots and then take them out when they tumble to the bottom.
The fourth side of the cube has spinning gears, animal sliders, and flipping pages for

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.925905
Retrieved Text: The 2×2×2 pocket cube has been completely analyzed; each configuration is at most 14 moves from start. If you do not have access to such a cube, concentrate on the corners of a standard cube, and try to ignore the centers and sides.
Use this form to enter the current configuration of your pocket cube. The form contains six text entry fields, one field for each face. The first field asks for the 4 colors that appear on the top face. Each color is indicated by a single letter. Use any letters you wish, but be consistent. Most people use initials (i.e. r=red, b=blue, g=green, etc). When entering the top face, start with the back row and proceed left to right, as though you were reading a printed page. The second field asks for the front face. Enter the colors of the top row first (left to right), then the bottom row. After you have entered all six faces, submit the form, and I will provide a minimal path back to start.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.185265
Retrieved Text: Some of my African fabric has a design of squares which makes it perfect for a simple African purse pattern. The squares are not necessary for the pattern, but they do help to make a pretty purse. Usually when I make a clutch bag I layer the fabric and then fold it in thirds so that the front of the pouch part consists of three layers. For this purse pattern, I have used a single layer of fabric for the front of the pouch and it makes for a very simple and quick project.
Lay the lining fabric with right side down. Add the wadding and then the top fabric with right side up – the same layering as for any quilt. Pin to secure the layers.
Make a loop for the button: fold the edges of the strip in to the middle and then fold in half so that all the raw edges are concealed. Sew along the strip to keep the folds in place.
Turn under a small double hem on one 6.3/4″ edge of the fabric for the front of the pouch. Sew in place. Place this rectangle on the lining fabric with right side up. Make sure that the hemmed edge is at the top. Place the button loop in the middle of the bottom edge, on top of all the layers. Pin.
Fold the binding strip in half along the length and press. Place this on the top of the African purse pattern fabrics with the fold towards the middle and all the raw edges

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.133448
Retrieved Text: Why is my ClearlyFrozen ice cloudy at the bottom of the cubes?
You let the ice freeze too long - you get the best results when you empty the tray before the assembly freezes solid and "the cloud" pushed down under the blue tray gets pushed back up.
Why is there so much ice stuck to the bottom of the blue ice tray?
Again - you let the ice freeze too long - you get the best results - and don't have a lot of ice frozen to the bottom of the blue tray - when you empty the tray before the assembly freezes.
In a regular ice cube tray, the ice freezes from all sides, trapping a cloud of dissolved air and impurities in the center.
Why is the ice in a bar or restaurant clear?
Commercial establishments have dedicated commercial ice makers, like what you see when you fill an ice bucket while staying in a hotel. Those machines employ pumps, motors and specialized refrigeration surfaces to produce clear ice. They are expensive, take up a lot of room, use a lot of electricity and require water pre-treatment and frequent maintenance. And they only make small pieces of ice, not large "rocks."
How do you make clear ice at home - what makes ClearlyFrozen ice clear?
By contrast, the ClearlyFrozen tray is designed to work passively in an ordinary freezer. Because it is insulated on the sides and bottom, the ClearlyFrozen tray freezes directionally, from the top down, pushing "the cloud" of dissolved air toward the bottom of the tray, and through

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.087597
Retrieved Text: For every vinyl record collector, storage is a primary concern. This is especially true for record collectors with large collections. To maintain the physical and sonic quality of your record collection, LP records must be stored horizontally in a well ventilated room. Storage cubes or small crates are optimal units for vinyl record storage. They allow you to store your records horizontally and to transport them easily.
Purchase five thin sheets of plywood or pine wood. Make sure each piece of wood has the same thickness, and use the same type of wood for each sheet.
Measure out two pieces for the sides of the cube, at 14 by 10 inches. Then measure out two more pieces at 14 by 10 inches for the front and back pieces. Finally, measure out the bottom, or base, piece at 15 by 10 inches. Use a small framer's square when marking out each piece to avoid any uneven saw cuts.
Label each measured sheet as you mark them out. For instance, label the 15 by 10-inch piece "Bottom," and the other pieces "Front," "Back," etc.
Cut out each piece with a bandsaw or jigsaw. Cut as straight as possible to avoid an unlevel cube. Avoid using high-powered saws with thin, lightweight woods like pine.
Assemble the five pieces into a cube formation to see how it looks. Lay the bottom piece down, and line up the first side piece with the bottom piece. Make sure the corners and edges are perfectly aligned.
Use a tack hammer to nail the first side piece to the base

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.057898
Retrieved Text: At least one kind of mouse will be stirring this Christmas: Download our ornament templates, and then add your pictures to fashion personalized decorations.
With printed sides faceup, score the four corners of each square with a bone folder. Fold corners up at 90-degree angles. Using a glue stick, attach squares to form ornament.
Trim edges with scissors if making rounded-edge cube. Thread a long needle with ribbon; pull through a corner, adding a bead and knotting. Or pull a double strand of ribbon through top and bottom; add two beads and knot.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 26.920994
Retrieved Text: of rest of cube, etc?
I have no idea who found it out or how they did it, but I can tell you the sequence of moves to rotate corners and stuff. I have a Rubik's book lying around somewhere.
I too got a book on how to solve it.
Here's a link to the official rubik's onine.
At last summer vacantion I've solved this game for a week. I haven't got any books about rubik cube. My strategy truely isn't the best, but it solves RK for about 5 minutes.
What is krassi_holmz saying. I don't understand.
Did he solve the cube without learning some special moves??
up their sleeves when they figured out those amazing moves?
figured that one out himself, just guessing.
Yep, I think krassi got it all by himself ... gosh.
I got two levels, but kept on messing up on the third, so had to go buy the darned book.
The center is a fixed 3D cross, so you could write down the transformations in relation to it.
The third level is truely the worst. I've got 4 operations and very unlike logic for solving it. And first I wanted to solve it by mathematical way. You can form a matrc transformations and matric equations but it goes bery slow.
The third level isn't that hard, you just have to sort that one out before you look at the others.
I think anyone that can solve it without learning the solution tricks has got to be a genius! Even learning the moves and when to apply them requires some aptitude, which I was able

########
Rank: 18
Score: 26.817411
Retrieved Text: More complex polyhedral shapes are accessible this week, with up to 38 faces, building on the skills developed over the last couple of installments.
Our first subject is this quince, a big, blocky, firm fruit. It suggests a solid, blocky-looking polyhedron, such as the rhombicuboctahedron. But for an extra twist (literally) we will carve a pseudorhombicuboctahedron, taking us out of the Archimedean into the Johnson solids.
The approach to carving this polyhedron is to use the fact that its projection in all three orthogonal directions is a regular octagon. In other words, we can start by carving an octahedral prism as tall as it is wide, and then carve the pseudorhombicuboctahedron (PRCO for short) out of that.
Moreover, every octagonal projection has a square face centered within it. So the proper template that you need is this square in an octagon — you can download it, and print it out at varying scales until you find one that fits the dimensions of your fruit well. Make the first flat cut and judge which size to use by the resulting cross section, remembering that your finished sculpture will be exactly as high as it is wide.
Note that in this case it is OK if the corners of the template extend slightly past the actual cut cross section at the top and bottom, so long as the bulk of the fruit extends past the boundaries of the template, since the PRCO is in effect chamfered and so the material near the corner will be cut away anyway. In any case, taking

########
Rank: 19
Score: 26.744886
Retrieved Text: Two pont perspective is a powerful tool to create 3 dimensional elements on a 2 dimensional plane. The technique is similar to that used in One Point Perspective, but is slightly more advanced.
The horizon line is where the eye sees the horizon. This is placed in the beginning of the drawing and can not be moved. In my example I have set it neer the center for simplicity, but you can move it to any place on the plane to create different points of view. In two point perspective the vanishing points are chosen for you. They are the left and right extremes of the Horizon line. All of our guidelines will be drawn 2 either of these two points.
In 1 point perspective you only see one side of the structures. In 2 point perspective, both the left and right side of the structure are seen. This technique is great for drawing things with a view at the corner of the structure, such as a building or a city corner, but the technique can be used for mapping out softer subjects as well.
You will only see the bottom of the structure if the bottom of it is above the horizon line. conversely You will only see the top of the structure if it is bellow the Horizon line.
We start by drawing the vertical line that is the corner of the cube. Your fist guidelines are for the sides the lines to the left go to the left vanishing point, and the lines to the right go

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.7096
Retrieved Text: Cubix is Cherry Mobile’s online-only sub brand. Launched mid this year, the original Cubix Cube was affordable yet usable in a day-to-day life. Sporting a 5″ HD display with 2GB of RAM and 2000mAH and priced only at 4,490Php, the Cubix Cube was one hell of an entry-level smart phone.
Entering the fourth quarter, with Cubix Cube performing great on the market; Cherry Mobile introduced a follow-up with the Cubix Cube 2. At the almost the same price point of 4,999Php; the Cubix Cube 2 is a huge upgrade compared to the original iteration. We are not only talking about specification-wise but as well as in the aesthetics division.
With a 5.7″ Full HD screen, this phone is significantly larger than the original Cube, it has premium looking metal sides while the top and bottom being plastic. We were also waiting for a fake 5.7″ inch screen with the home bottons on top of the screen; but to our surprised, the trio buttons are located on the bezel at the bottom part of the phone. The whole screen is technically for your usage. Basically the whole screen part of the phone is usable. The ear speakers is located on top together with the 8MP front camera.
Moving to the back part of the phone, the 13MP rear camera is prominently seen. Two rear speakers are also located on the top and bottom part while a two copper pins are strangely located on the back. The two copper pins was supposedly be for a back case for a wireless charging

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.520475
Retrieved Text: Project one required knowledge about form active structures. We were tasked to suspend a one pound cube using only tension and compression. After creating study models out of fishing line, MDF board and cardboard, we were able to pinpoint the correct position and tension of the strings. Our design uses only two strings and a wooden dowel to suspend the cube. One string compresses the cube against the wooden dowel while the other string runs along the bottom of the cube. The string on the bottom suspends the cube using the tension created from the wooden dowels it runs over.
Before undertaking this project we decided to research popular trusses and use them to help our design process. After researching, we decided to design our bridge using a Camelback Truss, which creates a geometric curvature on the top of the bridge, dispersing the loads. We cross braced the sides of the truss, and we doubled up the dowels on the top and bottom of the bridge. Then we decided to use cross bracing along with horizontal dowels to span the width of the bridge. Our final step in manufacturing our bridge concluded after we added diagonal struts to the interior structure of the bridge. However, due to a slight manufacturing error, our bridge wasn’t completely level when resting on the table. Besides this slight error, we were happy with the finished project.
Our structures class weighted our bridges to test the maximum total loads that they could handle. As we were adding weight to the bridge, it was

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.419703
Retrieved Text: angle An angle is formed by two rays that share a common endpoint. Each ray is called a side of the angle.
area The area is a measure of the surface covered by a figure.
complementary angles If the sum of the measures of two angles is 90°, then they are called complementary angles.
cone A cone is a solid figure with one circular base and a vertex.
cube A cube is a rectangular solid whose length, width, and height are equal.
cylinder A cylinder is a solid figure with two parallel circles of the same size at the top and bottom.
equilateral triangle A triangle with all three sides of equal length is called an equilateral triangle.
hypotenuse The side of the triangle opposite the 90° angle is called the hypotenuse.
irregular figure A figure that is not a standard geometric shape. Its area cannot be calculated using any of the standard area formulas.
isosceles triangle A triangle with two sides of equal length is called an isosceles triangle.
perimeter The perimeter is a measure of the distance around a figure.
rectangle A geometric figure that has four sides and four right angles.
right triangle A triangle that has one 90° angle.
similar figures In geometry, if two figures have exactly the same shape but different sizes, we say they are similar figures.
supplementary angles If the sum of the measures of two angles is 180°, then they are called supplementary angles.
trapezoid A four-sided figure, a quadrilateral, with two sides that are parallel and two sides that are not.
triangle A geometric figure with three sides and three angles.
vertex of

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.37579
Retrieved Text: In JavaSCAD only the primitive types generate any visible object. Everything you want to see should be a primitive type - however it cutted, scaled or translated any other way. All primitive types are descendant of the abstract Atomic3dModel class which is descendant of the Abstract3dModel abstract class which is the base of every 3D object in JavaSCAD.
Every property of all primitives should be passed through constructor, so there are no setters for those.
There are six primitive types in JavaSCAD: cube, cylinder, prism, sphere, polyhedron, and ring. We will talk about the polyhedron and the ring later, so let's look what the other four do.
Represents a cube or cuboid centered on the zero coordinate. It has two constructors. With a numeric value it will represent a cube. With a Dims3d object it will represent a cuboid. The dimensions is defined by the x, y, and z values of the Dims3d object.
Represents a sphere centered on the zero coordinate. Not surprisingly its only parameter is the radius of the sphere. The granulity of the sphere is controlled by the values given to the Consts. Please be aware that if you didn't create a Consts object yourself and use the SaveScadFiles class it creates one for you with the default constructor of Consts.
Represents a cylinder or a cone centered on the zero coordinate. There are two ways instantiating a cylinder. With a radius and a length it will be a cylinder. With two radiuses and a length it will be a cone. If the two radiuses given for

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.32802
Retrieved Text: F2L is the second step of the Fridrich method for solving the Rubik's cube.
In this step 4 F2L pairs are inserted into their correct positions thus completing the first two layers.
F2L is an incredibly important step of the Fridrich method that can be done intuitively without the use of algorithms. It takes a while to master, but when you eventually to get into it, it will decrease your times significantly.
There are 41 basic cases that you can run into if you only consider a single pair and assume everything else to be solved. See the links section at the bottom for all cases and how to solve them.
Cube Rotations are to be avoided as much as possible. As a beginner you will find this hard, but try going towards reducing cube rotations to maximum of about 2-3 each solve.
This PRINTABLE PAGE (pdf) contains some F2L solutions (thanks Andy!). But I would encourage you to only use the page to get inspiration.
Here is a listing of some F2L techniques that you can use to get faster. Note that these are not required for you to get extremely fast. I know people that average in 12-14 aseconds and they barely use of this stuff. Instead they just turn very fast and have an extremely good look ahead.
This is an important part of getting faster. Many times you want to insert into a slot other than the one in front of you (FR slot). Sometimes you want to insert to the back, or the left, etc. It is very

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.287859
Retrieved Text: We designed this as a 3-1-1 toiletries bag for air travel.
The 3D Clear Organizer Cube is a one-compartment organizer cube with clear front and back panels. A simple and unobtrusive plastic hanging hook inside of the 3D Clear Organizer Cube allows you to hang it on a towel rack, cabinet, wall hook or the like. The 3D Clear Organizer Cube was designed specifically to meet the TSA 3-1-1 liquids-program requirements. It works great for that purpose and, unlike a ziplock bag, is reusable and guaranteed to last through years of use as a toiletries kit when you're traveling and as an everyday organizer bag when you're not.
We give you the option of adding a Shoulder Strap to the 3D Clear Organizer Cube, allowing you to hang the Cube from a towel rack or doorknob, or wear it over your shoulder while waiting in the airport security line. The shoulder strap is the same strap included with our Side Effect bag: 5/8" nylon webbing, adjustable, with plastic snaphooks (no pad).
A band of 1000 denier Cordura® nylon, 420 denier High-Tenacity Classic Parapack nylon or 200 denier Halcyon nylon fabric (you choose the color) wraps around the top, sides, and bottom. A #5 YKK Aquaguard® zipper with two plastic sliders zips the 3D Clear Organizer Cube. Two O-rings on the left and right exterior sides of the 3D Clear Organizer Cube allow you to clip a Key Strap to the 3D Clear Organizer Cube and attach it to the O-rings inside your larger TOM BIHN travel bag, messenger bag,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.082922
Retrieved Text: The Home Furnishings Braque Cube Ottoman Vinyl Espresso with its warm neutral color is an easy way to update the look of your home. The Home Furnishings Braque Cube Ottoman Vinyl Espresso is upholstered in an espresso brown vinyl with square tufting on all sides it also features plastic non marking feet. A great style at a great value.
It's lightweight and will slide across hard floors as you put your feet on the edge, so having your legs stretched out with your feet on top is best. The four rounded white caps on the corners of its bottom ensure that the ottoman glides rather than scrapes across the hardwood floor. The Home Furnishings Braque Cube Ottoman Vinyl Espresso is a great way to enhance the decor in your home.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.015041
Retrieved Text: The following question was submitted by Rich (let me know if you want a link to somewhere?).
Consider an NxN chess board. What is the minimum number of Rooks (Castles) that it would take to dominate the board? Now consider an NxNxN hyper chess board. What is the minimum number of hyper rooks that it would take to dominate the board (NB Hyper Rooks can move up, down and across - ie in all 3 dimensions)?
The following image contains the answer as it was sent to me by Rich. I can't get the formulae to show in the comment section, so this is my best solution. So consider this a spoiler alert!
I assume that by "dominate" you mean cover every square? It definitely takes N rooks to dominate an NxN chess board. For 2x2x2 it only takes 2. For 3x3x3, it only takes 3. However, I think it takes more than 4 for a 4x4x4 board. The other two worked with guys just along the diagonal of the cube.
I think you can do it with less. I don't know if this will come out easily in words or not, but here goes.
A 1x1x1 and 2x2x2 cube are the exception to what I'm thinking and I agree that the N=1, is 1 and N=2 is 2.
With every other cube, try this.
Top layer: put a rook on the NorthWest (NW) and SouthEast (SE) corner.
Bottom layer: put a rook alternate corners, NE and SW.
This covers the outside rim of the top and bottom layers and also covers the corners of

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.914968
Retrieved Text: What better way to show off your amazing collection of origami paper than by folding an origami model that takes 6 pieces to make. With these modular origami cube instructions, learn how to easily fold a sturdy box that can be used to store gifts, hide secrets, or even play a game of dice!
Note: For this easy origami cube model, you will need to fold six modular units that will then be connected together to form the cube. You can use different colored origami paper on each side, however, the finished modular units will only show the color that is facing away from you during Step 1.
Start with a square sheet of paper, and turn it until it looks like a diamond. Fold it in half horizontally and vertically. Unfold.
Fold the top and bottom corners toward each other so that they meet at the intersecting creases made in Step 1.
Fold the top and bottom edges toward each other so that they meet in the center.
Fold the left corner in so that it touches where the top and bottom flaps meet. Repeat on the right corner.
Fold the top-left corner down so that the left edge lines up with the bottom edge. Then, fold the bottom-right corner up so that the right edge lines up with the top edge.
Lock the flaps created in Step 5 by inserting each of them into the flaps created in Step 3. The left triangle flap will go into the bottom flap and the right triangle flap will go into the top flap.
Turn

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.688192
Retrieved Text: Ivoiregion - 3 ways to make a paper cube wikihow. How to make a paper cube folding an origami cube get a square of paper and fold it form a tent fold the corners then, take the point of the little triangle this forms and fold it to the center line tuck the triangles repeat for the other side continue until all four original corners. How to make a paper cube: 10 steps. I will show you how to make an origami paper cube in less than 3 minutes these paper cubes are really fun to make! after you finish making the cube, you could also try putting a led inside the cube to make awesome lighting effects! credit for the led in the cube goes to gorillazmiko. How to make a paper cube youtube. I show how to make a paper origami cube there are many different ways to make a paper cube i chose this method because the cube is pretty easy to make and looks good. How to fold origami paper cubes frugal fun for boys and. To make the cubes, you'll need 6 pieces of square paper we used 6 x 6 inch origami paper, which is ideal, but regular copy paper will work also step 1: start by folding a piece of paper in half, and then open it back up. How to make a paper cube snapguide. If you want to do this, pay attention : first make a square then fold it in half fold the four corners and

================



======= Instance Index 24 =========
Input Text: A day didn't go by without somebody needing a saw, that's why everybody had their own at the what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- toolbox
- hospital
- basement
- logging camp
- tool shed

Target Text: logging camp

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 42.38231
Retrieved Text: For several years, our family lived in a small village on a island in the South Pacific. One of the things that everybody there knew how to do really well was use a knife. A big machete. A bush knife. A bush knife is an all purpose tool. You clear your garden with it. You dig up taro with it. You shave kindling for a fire with it. You smack open a coconut with it. As long as you have a bush knife, you'll never go hungry. It's like having your own fast-food restaurant along.
Learning to use a knife starts early. Babies often have their own knife. (It's a butter knife, but still. You could poke an eye out with that thing.) Hacking at tree roots with a paring knife is a common hobby for toddlers. And it's normal to come upon 40 or 50 kids mowing the school soccer field by swinging their 40 or 50 bush knives all at once. By the time these folks reach adulthood, they are knife experts.
Now I didn't grow up needing a bush knife in my life, and my knife education had stalled out somewhere around the chef's knife. So when I arrived in the South Pacific in my mid-20's, I had the approximate knife skills of a 3 year old.
Of course everyone assumed I would know how to use a bush knife. Every adult does.
But after that first trip up to the garden with the women, the one where I was trying to dig up a taro and

########
Rank: 1
Score: 36.345966
Retrieved Text: MI: Yeah, they would be, they'd take us out by helicopter sometimes. Not very often, but if they had no way to get you out there and they wanted to get you out there fast, theyI went out a few times on the helicopter, quite a few times, but most of the time if you went out it was because they had another reason to go out there too. I remember going out there on a helicopter a lot more times than I ever remember coming back on a helicopter 'cause they were quick to get you out there but they didn't necessarily want to get you back on a helicopter (laughs).
JK: So if the weather was bad they would fly crews out?
MI: Well the missile crews if the weather was good they almost always went by helicopter especially to the further sites. Everybody else went by truck most all the time.
JK: Would I be wrong if I said that there was a difference in how those Combat Crews were treated along with police and?
MI: Oh yeah that'd be pretty common knowledge. Officers are, that's the way they're supposed to be, I mean, they were supposed to be treated better (laughs) that's why they were officers and we weren't.
JK: So you drive back to base and you recall an uneventful drive back.
JK: OK, at some point you filled out a form.
MI: Yeah and I would've said that it was the next morning, but at some point I was called by my NCOIC, the non-commissioned officer in

########
Rank: 2
Score: 34.39341
Retrieved Text: On a September day in 2013, Gucci Mane looked around his studio, The Brick Factory, and noticed that he had more firearms than friends. At that time, he was completely strung out on codeine and so alarmingly paranoid that no one wanted to be around him—even his now-fiancé, Keyshia Ka'oir.
"If I was going back to jail anyway, I might as well go find these niggas I'd been having problems with," he remembers. He'd decided to go after some old friends that had been sending threats his way, even if that meant killing them before they got to him. Those plans were railroaded when a cop noticed him storming around Atlanta's Moreland Avenue, eventually tranquilizing him for being armed and unwilling to cooperate. That was the last strike needed to send Guwop to prison for three years.
This scene, which reads like a drugged out crime thriller on A&E, is how the prologue of The Autobiography of Gucci Mane begins. The rapper's memoir, written with Neil Martinez-Belkin, is a thorough look into the experiences that molded one of rap's most polarizing figures in recent memory. It's out September 19 under publishing house Simon & Schuster.
The Gucci from that fateful day—who'd go on to serve nearly three years in prison before getting released in May of 2016—is not the one on the other end of the line during a recent conversation. At the beginning of our exchange, he is quick to thank me for calling. The less-congested and well-put-together Guwop that's been on screens over the past year sounds

########
Rank: 3
Score: 33.977337
Retrieved Text: Which on it kind of like comes difficult? It comes a comes naturally.
Irma Cesar thank you for being on Silicon Valley successes as a lot of fun. And we learned a lot of great information. But you know, what do you wish you had time to say on this show that we just didn't have time to cover.
Irma, would you like to go first?
speaking of cultural intelligence, and talking about what makes you successful, as a leader, it's important to know your audience, it's important to know who are your clients, and with that, you can understand them better, and you'll can empathize with them. And not only that, but also just think on their shows, right? Like, what do they want? What What can I offer that they will like, and that will be very, very useful for your business.
detailing it's it's a big example of how organizations can be more useful or more resourceful for everybody.
you know, innovation and some others are followers, but other researchers have found that that is not really key, that termination for a startup or for someone to succeed, you know, if you kind of generalize the country because, you know, everybody's different and everybody has different perspectives and in opportunities, honestly.
How was that switch with your co founders from going from a colleagues at the university to now kind of being their boss.
that really helps what happens when you want to add people to your team? How have you gone about doing that? Because I'm a three person

########
Rank: 4
Score: 33.731922
Retrieved Text: A lot of symbols, a lot of adepts, one name: evil.
I bet everybody has had at least once in his lifetime the tendency of hitting somebody or something. Everybody has sweared at least once in his life. I guess nobody can be perfect, except The All-Mighty One (God, in his three persons: The Father, The Son and The Holy Spirit). The main problem is that if we hit somebody for the first time or if we swear that somebody, we are tempted to do it again. Yes, a lot of people say that we shouldn't start doing this kind of things in the first place. That's right, we shouldn't start doing these things, but we've got to be aware of the world we live in. The best thing we could do is not to give too much attention to what people say. It's not an easy task and it may even a total failure, because if one lives in his own world, he will go crazy.
But still, a lot of people do nasty things on purpose. This leads to a more troubling question: what is the meaning of being evil? Have you noticed that when you do a good deed, you feel happy, enlightened, but when you do something really nasty, you feel happier, powerful and superior. When you hit somebody in the face, you want to hit him again, you want to see blood, but when you finally see it, you realize what you did, but you walk away like nothing happened. You do it

########
Rank: 5
Score: 33.46578
Retrieved Text: Andy Cohen chats with Sam Talbot.
Getting Sam Talbot on the phone is like trying to reach the President, except that I bet President Bush has less on his calendar these days than Sam.
I finally hunted him down for a chat as his new kitty cat meowed loudly in the background.
I HAVE TO START WITH THE GROUP'S DISLIKE OF MARCEL. IT SEEMS LIKE A "LORD OF THE FLIES" THING BUILT AND BUILT AS THE COMPETITION WENT ON. IT SEEMS LIKE YOU GUYS JUST DIDN'T LIKE HIM BUT IT'S HARD TO SHOW HIM ACTUALLY DOING ANYTHING TO YOU GUYS BECAUSE THERE ISN'T ONE INCIDENT THAT HAPPENED... CAN YOU EXPLAIN IT?
It's not that he is a bad person.. The lord of the flies thing is not the right mentality. Marcel has great ideas and is a good cook. He is an instigator and it is hard to explain. There's a lot of things that he did. Did he deserve to get manhandled? NO. That was ridiculous. When Frank threatened him, that's not right. I don't hate him. He has an ability to get under your skin and I have heard that the producers are finding a hard time showing why he's provoking us. You're not going to find one incident but it's a lot of undermining, sly vindictive comments that built and built and built. You're never going to see him lash out at someone -- it's not like that. It's all under the breath stuff that drove us crazy.
YOU ARE GETTING FLACK FOR NOT JUMPING IN AND STOPPING

########
Rank: 6
Score: 33.433125
Retrieved Text: Amber Tierney was one of the first seven bachelorettes The Bachelor star Ben Flajnik eliminated during Monday night's premiere of the ABC reality dating series' sixteenth season.
During a conference call with reporters on Thursday, the 29-year-old critical care nurse from Waverly, NE, talked to Reality TV World about her The Bachelor experience -- including whether she had any insight as to why she was eliminated so early on, what she thought about Anna Snowball's decision to blow past Ben and avoid an introduction after she exited the limo and whether she thought her hunting hobby intimidated Ben and played any role in her ouster.
Reality TV World: Do you have any insight as to why you might have been eliminated? Did you think you were forming a connection with Ben or no and what reasoning do you think went in his decision to let you go so early on?
Amber Tierney: I still really don't know. I think that he has a little bit of time to talk -- to try to get to know, or form some sort of connection with, 25 different girls. I didn't have any one-on-one time with him and as you saw with the first episode, the one-on-one time that I did get, he was blindfolded [by another girl].
So, we didn't really get a chance to form a connection or have chemistry. The only meeting that we had was that initial meeting. So, I think that if we would have gotten some time together, my personality would have definitely shined through and I

########
Rank: 7
Score: 33.395477
Retrieved Text: http://www.JewishWorldReview.com | I know you're not interested in me, only in who I knew. You probably don't even know my last name, you think of me as just Holden, don't you? Everybody does. Funny how hard a simple name like Caulfield is for people to remember. Or get right. I can't tell you how many letters I used to get addressed to Holden Caufield without the L. I got a real bang out of that. It's only one letter off but it says a lot about people when they want you to do them a favor  "Would you do me a big favor?"  and they don't even bother to get your name right. You could almost hear them yawn when they were writing. I didn't care about the spelling, it was the attitude. I hate that. It happens to me all the time. Phonies are always looking me up. Like they were just passing through the neighborhood and decided to ring the bell. They sound so sincere. Like they didn't take a plane and rent a car and weasel my address out of somebody. Boy, I can sure understand why old J. D. wanted to be left alone. We had that much in common, though he did have some funny ways. But he was all right. A lot better than some of my teachers at Pencey Prep. Was I ever glad to get kicked out of that place, not that Mr. Thurmer had much of a choice. Not after I was flunking four courses

########
Rank: 8
Score: 33.380398
Retrieved Text: Boston Celtics guard Kyrie Irving labelled free agency speculation generated from a video with Golden State Warriors star Kevin Durant as "bull****".
Irving was seen talking to Durant in the tunnel at the NBA All-Star Game in Charlotte last week, prompting rumours the pair could team up with the New York Knicks next season.
Both Irving and Durant can become free agents at the end of the current campaign and the pair have been linked to the Knicks.
Celtics star Irving was noticeably agitated when answering questions about his discussion with Durant.
"It's my life, right?" Irving told reporters on Wednesday. "It's two people talking, having a conversation. If this was the real world, would it be anybody else's business? It's a video of somebody assuming what we're talking about. So why would I care about it? Why are you asking me those type of questions?"
"C'mon man, you do it for the likes and clicks, everybody does," Irving added. "Everybody wants to hear me talk like this. Everybody wants to actually talk about bull****. video though? To pour water on [speculation]? Makes no sense. It's not real life. Not real."
"That's where we started the conversation, what I do in my life is my business," he continued. "So it's none of yours, none of anybody's business, right? So it's a video of me and one of my best friends talking. And then it turns out to be a dissection of a free agency meeting?"
The Celtics have had an up-and-down season and entered the All-Star break fourth in the Eastern Conference with

########
Rank: 9
Score: 33.300213
Retrieved Text: Mr. Dennis was a mortician in Roswell, NM. In July of 1947, the time of the famous Roswell crash. the mortuary officer from the Roswell Army Airfield called him asking for hermetically sealed infant caskets but never explained why. Later that day when at the Airfield for an emergency he saw debris of unknown origin. A nurse, whom he knew, described to him the bodies of extraterrestrials she had just handled at the base.
GD: Well, our mortuary had the contact for all military services out at the Roswell Army Airfield. This gentleman called and said he was a mortuary officer at the base and he needed some information. And I said, what do you need? He said, how many hermetically sealed infant caskets do you have, three and one-half, four foot, in stock? I said, we don't have any. How long would it take you to get them? I said, well, I can call them by 3:30 this afternoon and have them in here in the morning. I said, what's doing on? He said, that's not important.
Then he called back later and he said, I need more information. And he wanted to know what embalming chemicals that would alter the tissue, the stomach contents, and what is our preparation for taking care of bodies that are lying out in the elements for several days? And I said, you are the mortuary officer and you are asking me? I was trying to find out who I was talking to.
Later on in the day I got an emergency.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 33.061245
Retrieved Text: Kotov, Vasiliy Fedorovitch, Private. By the end of the war, he held the rank of Sergeant. Awarded three "For Bravery" medals, two Orders of the Red Star, and one Order of the Patriotic War, First Degree. Was wounded five times, three seriously. Credited with destroying four tanks.
How did the war begin? You'd better read books about it and get a smoother picture. What can I tell you? In general-bad impressions. It was a mess. Stupidity. Everybody was waiting for orders and scared of everything. I guess we weren't scared of the Germans so much as of our own authorities.
Bitter 1941. Smashed Soviet vehicles.
First, we were got up on the 22nd when it was still dark, but nobody said a word abut the war. We were living in training camps at that time and thought the alarm was the beginning of ordinary training. Our platoon of the battalion's ordnance received an order to march somewhere. Dig trenches and defend a road. That's all. And we went on marching. The battalion went on foot, our officers rode horses, we followed horses which were pulling the cannons. Our first sergeant traveled by cart.
There is a lot of talk about bombing, the casualties caused by the German aircraft. That they were overhead all the time. I don't remember that. We didn't see much of their aircraft on the 22nd of June. Nor ours, by the way. We weren't bombed. They might have flown somewhere over the high roads or to the big cities. We were marching to the border and

########
Rank: 11
Score: 33.056427
Retrieved Text: Trying to maintain. You've seen us, you've heard us.but we've been doing our thing. Jodeci took a break and K-Ci and Jo-Jo's duet project came out and that went very well and we want to thank everybody for that! But other than that we've just been in the studio working on Jodeci's music!
It was '89 and we took a ride to New York. We had like $300 amongst us because it was four of us and we spent that by the time we got to New York. So by the time we got to New York we were broke and we checked into a hotel and we were like, "We gotta get a deal the next day." So we looked in the yellow pages and found our favorite record company, went up there and got signed actually the same day.
I think as far as the music, we came out and redefined the sound of R&B at the time. Everybody thought, (before they saw us) that we were a lot older than what we were because we had a really mature sound. So it was kind of shocking both ways and I just think that we stayed the course. We didn't go out and seek a lot of outside producers or writers or guest appearances, we were just a self-contained group. I think that really set us apart as a band, not just a group.
First of all, it's God. All four of us were raised in and church and we still are being raised in church. My

########
Rank: 12
Score: 32.955177
Retrieved Text: "My first experience [of the story] was seeing the Howard Hawks film Scarface and it was at the Tiffany Theatre here in Los Angeles on Sunset Boulevard. I went and saw the film and called Martin Bregman and said I think we could do this thing as a remake or something.
"And he very wisely and very astutely saw it, got out there, got it and put the whole thing together. I want to thank the late Sidney Lumet. It was his idea to have Tony Montana come from the boat lift in Cuba," Pacino remembered.
From there Bregman had to put together the American Dream team, so to speak, of Brian De Palma and Oliver Stone. "I would like to say it took a lot of work but it didn't. It took four phone calls," Bregman claimed.
"It was very interesting for me because I thought Oliver Stone and Brian De Palma were so different. Anyone who knows the film knows they did things differently. Oliver is much more socio-political involved in that, and Brian also has concerns about society but he also likes to do big things - pictures that have size. And I think that was his idea. And this merging of the two of them I think really was the key because I expected them to clash but they did the contrary. I think that's what's there up on that screen," Pacino recalled.
"Oliver was banned from the set," adds Abraham.
Of course Pacino was going to be first choice to play Tony Montana.
"Martin Bregman discovered me

########
Rank: 13
Score: 32.932278
Retrieved Text: • South By Southwest. Hey, the Spurs would like to get in on this NBA title hunt thing too. It may be a little distressing to own a 46-18 record and still be 3 1/2 games out in your own division (damn Suns!), but San Antonio isn't letting it get to them. The Spurs won their 13th straight, 93-84 over the Clippers, on Tuesday, and haven't lost since Feb. 11. Plus, they play perhaps the best defense in the Western Conference, and can occasionally beat the Warriors (unlike the Mavericks). If that's not being in contention, then what is? Tony Parker led the Spurs with 25 points, and Tim Duncan had 19.
• Bring Captain Solo, Kobe Bryant And The Wookiee To Me. New Rule, as Bill Maher would say: The NBA has to make up its mind. Either their stars get treated with kid gloves as far as the fouls go, or you ring 'em up for every infraction. Treating Kobe Bryant like Marty McSorley for every elbow to the head is not going to solve anything. At least that's according to Phil Jackson, who on Tuesday lashed out at the league for what he terms their "witch hunt" against his star. "That's crazy. That's a vendetta," Jackson told the Los Angeles Times. "They have a witch hunt going on. It's nuts. Guys riding somebody. Everybody does that in this league. It's just becoming a witch hunt now." Bryant has two one-game suspensions and another flagrant foul, all this month. Our question: Will the Lakers' coach

########
Rank: 14
Score: 32.917316
Retrieved Text: My favorite knife is a Henckels Professional, its German technology and Japanese metal.
For the third of our columns offering thinly disguised and often unwanted careers advice we met with Chicago Deep Pizza Chef Rob, one part of the ownership team at Masa of Echo Park , the Los Angeles bakery and restaurant a pizza frisbee toss away from Dodgers Stadium on Sunset Blvd.
With its idiosyncratic interior, eclectic decor, great and friendly staff and fantastic food, Masa is a long time neighborhood favorite in Echo Park. And way beyond. It's true we've had some very special moments there. Masa was the first restaurant we took our little baby O to; and the last restaurant we ate at prior to being stationed/marooned/exiled in the UK. There's nothing like Masa here. The there's probably nothing quite like Masa anywhere. Whether it's Chicago Deep Dish for dinner or a slice of Grandma Dorothy's Carrot Cake (OMG!) just because you're passing by in the afternoon, Masa is a very special place.
Rob and Rhonda created Masa a few years ago, with that insouciant, "yeah we know we're cool so now can we just get some lovely food and drinks going on vibe." You can't manufacture it, it just happens, and when it does, it's a delicious thing that draws you back again and again.
Whether you find out about Masa from your TV, or from a next door neighbor, whether you can or cannot handle an entire Masa Chicago Deep Dish Pizza - there's plenty of other great items on the menu if

########
Rank: 15
Score: 32.865772
Retrieved Text: After accident that left her blind, Oregon teen began road to amazing recovery.
In her dreams, Chrissy Steltz imagines a world that she can no longer see.
"When I go to bed every night ... my dreams are fully sighted. I still see the sky. I still see … you know, the ocean..."
She sees her 8-month-old son, Geoffrey.
"I see his chubby cheeks and his gorgeous eyes and his perfect little lips," said Steltz.
And she can even see herself -- without the sleeping mask she now wears to cover her injuries.
"The oddest of dreams is I'll pull off my sleep-shade and I'll look just like I did when I was 16," she said. "And I'll throw the sleep-shade on the ground and walk off."
It's been 11 years since a shotgun blast robbed Steltz, now 27, of her sight, and, extraordinarily, most of her face.
"The only sense -- to my knowledge -- that I have that wasn't affected at all is my sense of touch," said Steltz. "I have no smell. I have no sight. And I have a little taste." She sometimes has difficulty hearing.
In 1999, Steltz was a popular high-school sophomore hanging out with friends at her apartment in Portland, Ore.
"It's spring break," Steltz recounted. "We're all, you know, doing what teenagers shouldn't be, you know, drinking. And I went into the back room and offered them orange juice, and I saw one of my friends with the shotgun.
"And he told me, 'It's not loaded.' Yep. And from that moment is when my life changed."
Steltz was shot, accidently,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 32.82389
Retrieved Text: Who Shot Ralph the Donkey?
"He never hurt nobody, he was just like an overgrown puppy dog," Tamara Hargis said about their beloved donkey, Ralph. At about 9:30, the night of April 17, 2018 she and her husband, Corey, heard a vehicle stop, pull-forward near their Flora Vista residence, then shortly after, they heard two rapid-fire gunshots. Tamara said as soon as they heard the sounds they "Jumped out of bed, came running out but there was nobody here". Corey, who's has lived on the property his whole life, walked across County Road 3000, where the animals are kept, to check on them. Their horse and Ralph were both standing in the pasture, so he thought things were alright.
The next morning Mr. Hargis discovered blood and realized that Ralph appeared to have been shot in the right hind quarter. Mrs. Hargis texted TALON later in the day, stating that a veterinarian confirmed that the donkey had died from the gunshot wound and internal injuries. Asked about the possibility of retaliation or revenge, Cory said he didn't think it was anything like that. "Honestly, I think it was just random, just some idiot", he said. "I'm sure we've possibly crossed some people the wrong way---we been here all our life---but as far as knowing it, we don't. We were raised where you shake hands and go back to business," he shared. He agreed that--- "you know if you have an enemy."
The morning that we talked, someone had laid a bouquet of yellow flowers by the pasture fence. "Ralph

########
Rank: 17
Score: 32.82192
Retrieved Text: On October 22, 2018, in front of 180 guests at the Princeton Club, Women in Development brought together three powerful college presidents to discuss leadership, management, fundraising, and careers. John Jay’s President Karol V. Mason, was joined on stage with Rev. Dr. Serene Jones, President of Union Theological Seminary in the City of New York; and Laura Sparks, President of The Cooper Union for the Advancement of Science and Art. Their stories and advice encouraged everyone in the room. Here are some of our favorite parts of their enlightening conversation.
KM: My first job at the Department of Justice was a deputy for someone. I was offered an opportunity for a Senate-confirmed job, but I said no because I knew what I didn't know. I knew nothing about government. Don't be afraid to take a step back. I was a deputy for someone who was 10 years younger than me, and that was okay, my ego was intact. I was there to learn. As a result of that, four years later, I did become a Senate-confirmed person for the Office of Justice programs. At the DOJ, I did a lot of work with John Jay, and that's how I became familiar with the College. When President Jeremy Travis decided he was stepping down, I realized taking this position was the perfect circle of my life.
SJ: My father had been the president of a small liberal arts college where I grew up. This actually had the opposite effect on me. It made me swear that I would never

########
Rank: 18
Score: 32.786522
Retrieved Text: ICC Womens World T20 2018 - South Africa captain Danevan Niekerk – post match press-conference.
Q. Dane, how is it to end with the win in the tournament, especially having had consecutive losses? Does that do a little bit in terms of confidence for the team?
DANE VAN NIEKERK: Yes and no, I guess. Obviously relief to have won and get a bit of confidence. But I think the team is still quite disappointed. I saw everybody's faces after the game. There's a lot of disappointment around in the camp. And it's going to hurt for a bit.
Q. Also relieved that South Africa doesn't have to go through to the qualifiers. Is that a positive that you'll be able to take out of this tournament?
DANE VAN NIEKERK: Definitely. Any team doesn't want to go to qualifiers. And I'm glad we dodged that bullet. I guess, yeah, we don't enjoy going to qualifiers. So to not go is a relief. We just spoke about it. So hopefully, you know, we can as a unit go back to the drawing board and see where we've gone wrong and try and rectify those wrongs.
Q. In terms of batting, yourself and Lizelle opened the batting really well. You've done so before previously against India earlier this year. Do you think that opening the batting is a position that you might consider in the future?
DANE VAN NIEKERK: Yeah, I miss opening. But we had chats with the selectors and stuff and they gave me the reasons why I'm going down the order. And

########
Rank: 19
Score: 32.732483
Retrieved Text: My Uncle Phil Harris recently passed away. Below is a condensed version of comments I made at his Memorial/Celebration of Life Service last Saturday. I was asked to share some of my memories in the newspaper for his friends who couldn't make it to the service.
I had the good fortune to have my Uncle Phil as my next-door neighbor when I was growing up. His sons, my first cousins Matt and Mitchell, my sister Charlotte, and other "Oochee Kids" like cousin Al Hester and friend Clifford O'Hearn got into a lot of stuff together through the years. One of the reasons for that was because Uncle Phil and my dad, Charlie Harris, got into a lot of stuff. We were lucky to be around their ventures, because they led to our own adventures.
In addition to being fulltime salesmen, they always had one side business or another, which meant there weren't any dull periods in Oochee Bottom. Through the years they were hay farmers, cattle farmers, row crop farmers, hog farmers, pecan orchard planters, etc., as they worked the land to help support their families. They also stretched their entrepreneurial spirits with the short-lived Harris Company, which stocked racks of impulse purchase items in retail stores.
Dad said Phil could make a million dollars on paper in only about five minutes. The superb salesman would then only need about five more minutes to "sell" Dad on the idea and away they'd go. They would be the first to admit that their business ventures had varying degrees of success

########
Rank: 20
Score: 32.627872
Retrieved Text: Help us understand more about doing science, because many young people might not have the fortunate background in this rural setting that you have. In your book and in your description now you're conveying to us a sense of the discovery. Help us understand what it takes to be a scientist. One thing that you talk about again and again in your book is that often you turned failure into opportunity, for example, not getting the first teaching position as you went into the job market, but rather going into an industrial lab, which wasn't something that you chose. On the other hand, a lot of times, as you were thinking about new ways to do figures, you were discouraged by some of your mentors, who were concerned you were going down a road that wouldn't lead you anywhere.
Science is unpredictable, really. New discoveries are new, we don't know them yet. They're new things. I think if you look at what's happened during this century, all the big changes have been sudden and unexpected. Nobody expected the nucleus to give out much energy, for example. I know many people who argued against semiconductors for computers. And just before this century there were people saying anything heavier than air can't possibly fly. A balloon maybe, you put some light gas in it, but you can't expect anything heavier than air. Then along came the Wright brothers and there it was, and now an airplane became obvious. And so it was with the laser and with many things

########
Rank: 21
Score: 32.58059
Retrieved Text: FLORENCE, Ala. (WHNT) - First United Methodist Church in downtown Florence spent days preparing to feed more people than ever before.
They cooked food for over three thousand homeless, less fortunate or just plain hungry neighbors.
Wannell Scott, a discipleship minister at the church, spearheaded the efforts. She said they've had more volunteers this year than years prior.
"This is ministry in action," Scott said. "The younger generation they see a lot, but they want to physically be able to do something in the name of God. This is that opportunity."
They've served the shut-ins and homeless for nine years now. It's a service that's growing bigger every year. This year, it was about the size 60 turkeys can feed.
"It takes everybody," Scott said. "I think people are wanting to serve. They want to make a difference in people's lives."
From spoonfuls of stuffing to more pie slices you can even fathom, there's a clear sign that the people at the church Thursday want to serve their community. But, it's more than a hot meal that they provided.
"When she got the food, she cried, because she didn't think she would have anything to eat," Scott explained about one woman they delivered a meal to at home. "Part of it is connection because they were more touched by the people loving them. That was what they said, that we're so glad somebody cares. Glad somebody loves us."
Everybody who volunteered clearly wanted to be there. They all had stories to tell about why they serve the homeless on their holiday. One father and

########
Rank: 22
Score: 32.56247
Retrieved Text: The final classes have started really early. If someone's aware about it, CWTS class is basically over - at least, for phase one.
We were at Barangay Tagumpay again, and after a measly forty minutes spending time with our host family (Lola Choleng was sick, and Michelle was weirdly quiet), we presented what we have come up with: a tutorial project. Ta-dah. What makes it so special is that we're also doing a side project of fixing up the local library, so aside from adding a few books here and there, as well as some ETV tapes which would get there if (according to Jason) Huey's charisma to former home studio ABS-CBN still sparks, we'll be organizing the whole place and prevent it from becoming a dumping place of some sort. I looked around and was surprised at what they have there. Books on ancient history, economics, philosophy, and the occasional The Far Side compilation. Although not everybody really reads those, I thought they have a far better library than some others (which is supposedly the point).
Then, as we went home, it seemed all poignant again; our facilitator, Miss Rago, was giving us her Christmas greetings, and before we realized it the class is over for the term. (Well, not exactly, since Toni still has to work on the finalized project proposal, lovingly called Lasalette.) Along with a weird thing we saw along Aurora Boulevard, which freaked us out, it was a bit melancholy for some. But I was trying my best to hold back all of

########
Rank: 23
Score: 32.5239
Retrieved Text: Rachel Maddow: The Fresh Air Interview The popular MSNBC host talks about her start in broadcasting, her life and her new book Drift: The Unmooring of American Military Power, in which she argues that America's national defense has become disconnected from public oversight.
Rachel Maddow hosts the nightly news talk show The Rachel Maddow Show on MSNBC.
For much of the past decade, journalist Rachel Maddow has hosted her own radio and TV shows. And for much of that time, the popular MSNBC host has been thinking about how the United States uses military force — and how it starts and end wars.
Maddow's new book Drift: The Unmooring of American Military Power traces how U.S. national intelligence agencies have taken over duties that were once assigned to the military, and how this shift has increased the public disconnect from the consequences of war.
"Politically, secrecy is a great excuse," Maddow tells Fresh Air's Terry Gross. "If something is being done on a secret basis in national security, that's a great reason for elected officials to not talk about it. And that's a great way to shirk accountability for it with the public."
That lack of accountability, says Maddow, lets America's national defense operate without public oversight or knowledge.
"When things are done in secret in our name, we can be held accountable for them, even if we can't hold accountable our government for directing it," she says. "And that feels very un-American to me."
Using intelligence agencies and private contractors has also increasingly disconnected the American public from the consequences of war,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 32.473335
Retrieved Text: The digital age has transformed the music industry in the new millennium, giving fans access to thousands of artists and thousands more songs at a whim. The peer-to-peer music service Napster was one of the pioneers in the field, offering fans the ability to download songs for free, which Metallica famously railed against with drummer Lars Ulrich leading the charge. Looking back on this time in an interview with Mojo, he said his biggest problem wasn't the money being lost, but the control.
Reflecting on what happened 16 years ago, Ulrich affirmed he's still "proud of the fact that we stood up for what we believed in at the time," conceding that they could have prepared better for the "s--tstorm that followed" (transcription via Blabbermouth). "We were ignorant as to what we were getting involved in," he continued, "but that's always been the case."
Going on to liken the battle to a "street fight," Ulrich said Metallica saw the file sharing as "somebody to be f--king with us so, f--k it, you fire back." After the shots were fired, the band found plenty of people congratulating them for their efforts behind closed doors. "And then all of a sudden this whole other thing happened and we were in the middle of it, alone. Every day that summer, there was not a musician or peer or somebody inside the music business who wouldn't pat me on the back and go, 'You guys are standing up for the rest of us.' But the minute we were out in public, we

########
Rank: 25
Score: 32.456768
Retrieved Text: Adapted from an interview with Raziq Brown. Used by permission.
At the age of 19, Raziq Brown was the recipient of the 2008 Mary-Ella Holst Young Activist Award given annually by the Unitarian Universalist Association. His activism has taken him around the world, but the initial sparks began within.
"I started attending anti-racism and anti-oppression workshops when I was 14-years old. That's when I met ministers who said they were involved in 'social justice.' I had heard the term 'social justice' before, but I really didn't know what it meant.
Then I went to Sierra Leone in Africa which is where my mom is from. Freetown, Sierra Leone was eerily like a serf system. You had people who had money and the only way people without money could get money was to work for the people who had the money. As servants or whatever.
I visited at Christmas. And this opened my eyes to how socialized and corporatized Christmas is in the United States. Don't get me wrong. I love Christmas. But, at the time, Sierra Leone was the poorest nation in the world. And I had seen poverty before, but I had never seen poverty like that before. There was no sanitation, the electricity went in and out, and there were literally kids starving in the streets. Christmas, in that setting, was completely different.
I had these feelings of knowing that I wanted to do something. But what could I do? I was only 15 at the time. I could have given away all of my money to people in

########
Rank: 26
Score: 32.402588
Retrieved Text: Sometimes, I wonder what I'm doing here.
Now I don't know half of the young people in the industry. It's too spread out, too diffuse.
I'm satisfied to go in at the bottom - that's the best way to learn what things are all about.
You knew everybody at all the studios and you saw them often.
I was wearing corn plasters above and below my toes and taping my ankles twice.
But by the time I was 40, everything was winding down. It started after the war. On the plus side, there was more more products and technology. But for me the nightlife was winding down, the glamour, the fun.
The make up took about an hour to put on, but the wig was a thing that bothered me more than anything else.
I was supposed to be a romancer, either wooing the leading lady or competing with the leading man for her.
George Raft may or may not have gone both ways, but he was very sensitive to what they said about him, and it was one factor why he decided to play all those gangsters in the movies.
Bugsy Siegel. The mobster with the beautiful blue eyes.
I should remember more, and I have a pretty good memory.
I should only have been as lucky as Valentino, in the movies - I didn't have to be a gigolo. In real life.
We had plenty of clothes and no money.
If my father's business hadn't gone broke, I'd be exporting nuts, bolts and sugar machinery right now. What an awful thought!
They say the camera never lies. It

########
Rank: 27
Score: 32.32243
Retrieved Text: Gurudeva talks on the spirit of the Parampara covering various topics: Spirit of the Guru passed on; Purpose of guru, spirit of sampradaya handed down; Nandinatha Sutras, knowledge of parampara; Duty of Guru and parents; Respond to guru, spiritual qualities manifest; Nandinatha and Tirumular, spiritual force cannot be stopped; Three pillars, only Satguru gives sustaining spiritual force; Bringing continuity of spiritual force into 21st century.
We're all involved in the Nandinatha Sutras which in my imagination comes from Nandinatha Himself. Reflecting opinions oblique and behavior in every aspect of life for all those on the path. The Nandinatha's great disciple Rishi Tirumular shows us in the Tirumantiram how well he was taught by his guru, and how well he fulfilled his mission by going to South India to revive the Monistic Theism of Saiva Siddhanta. This vast amount of knowledge in Tirumantiram, which digests the Agamas and Vedas and weaves them together in such an astute way. Indicates a lot of deep meditation, training, yoga practice, and a great spirit because he actually did what he was sent to do. And we actually have that great treatise today. Over two thousand two hundred years later.
That shows us an unbroken continuity of what? Intellectual knowledge? No! Of Spirit. Spirit of the Guru. Hindu temples sustain Hinduism around the world. Scriptures keep us always reminded of the path we're on and the path we're supposed to be on. But only from the Sat Guru can you get the spirit, the shakti, the sustaining spirit to make it all come

########
Rank: 28
Score: 32.275986
Retrieved Text: Hey guys & maybe girls. I'm kinda new to the forum and was needing some help. I came across this Diablo kit that Brazo design in Canada makes. It goes on a stock wheelbase Fiero. My question is, does anyone have one of these or know someone who does. I'm trying to get as much info before I buy, than like a lot of people* after they buy. Any info that anyone has would be great.
I saw one of those cars at Carlise. Fiero side glass and headlights (pop up). I wondered what kind of car it was. It had Lamborghini emblems on it but I didn't know why.
That's the same kit sold by Euroworks and marketed as the Mirage-X.
Go to " http://www.kitcentral.com/pn/html/index.php" you find all yours answers.
Been there...No-one has a clue either.
Do you read all of these replies? Like I said before, it's the Mirage-X sold by Euroworks.
Yep I read all replys. They know nothing. They are actually having glass made for theirs.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 32.192345
Retrieved Text: Bit of a hijacking the thread moment, hope you don't mind.
When I was a cop if I stopped someone and they had no insurance I wrote them a ticket, then I had to let them go, and by that I mean let them keep driving. I asked the DA's office if after I had cut them loose and I knew they were driving uninsured they hit a bus full of children, nuns, puppies or whatever would give the best shock horror headlines, would I be liable in any way.
They always assure me I would be fine, I always had my doubts.
It sounds as if Colorado police do as you did - letting the driver go - although I suppose in any state it would depend on the circumstances.
Colorado allows an uninsured driver to reduce their fine by showing that they have, since the issuance of the ticket, insured their vehicle.
My insurance automatically covers new cars that I purchase for 30 days after purchase. When I buy a new car, the dealer takes my current insurance information as proof that I have insurance. If the vehicle is financed, then I also sign an agreement to properly insure the vehicle, both for liability and for comp/collision.
The problem that the OP has is that he only had a non-owner policy. There was no automatic coverage for a vehicle that he acquired because there was no insurance for any car that he owned. The OP knew (or, reasonably should have known) that his insurance was only there to cover vehicles

================



======= Instance Index 25 =========
Input Text: A detective tries to discover truth, some of the best results are from gathering witnesses and doing what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- investigate
- ask questions
- search for
- find facts
- wonder

Target Text: ask questions

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 34.48872
Retrieved Text: Hire a private investigator in Pittsburgh, PA to assist you with your personal or legal situation.
Vestigo Detective Agency's team of experienced private investigators provide legal professionals, assistance with a variety of investigative strategies. Our Pittsburgh Private Investigators can assist attorneys with the various aspects of trial preparation including locating witnesses, determining the character of the witnesses, taking statements, performing witness interviews, completing accident site surveys, site photography, process service, and gathering any other type of pertinent information needed. Our private detectives are also able to assist with providing court testimony. Vestigo Detective Agency provides a range of services for attorneys in Western Pennsylvania. Please call Justin Brown, owner of Vestigo Detective Agency to discuss your case in details.
Vestigo Detective Agency offers process services in Pittsburgh, PA and surrounding areas. No extra charge for mileage or expedited service within this coverage area. Investigators are fast, reliable and always professional. For service of process outside the Pittsburgh area please call for specific rates.
Find out all you need to know about your client and other witnesses prior to your court date. Nothing is worse than being surprised during the proceedings. Investigators can obtain a range of information to best fit your needs. See our background service information for more details.
Before a witness statement can ever be taken, an investigator may need to locate a known witness or hunt out unknown potential witnesses to your case. Investigators at Vestigo are highly skilled at locating individuals, canvassing neighborhoods and talking to potentials collateral witness who may offer critical evidence and information

########
Rank: 1
Score: 33.123356
Retrieved Text: ﻿ Parkchester private investigator NY. Parkchester detective agency NY. Detective services in Parkchester.
Our Investigations Firm is comprised of professional licensed private investigator in Parkchester NY, that have been conducting investigations for many years. This years of obtaining results that clients know us for. Our Parkchester Private Investigators pride ourselves with a high success rate for obtaining results (evidence) that have assisted clients in child custody cases, divorce in Parkchester Bronx, alimony, child support, embezzlement, money laundering, fraud in Parkchester, criminal cases, locating witnesses, missing persons, missing family, missing friends, sexual harassment, business verification, attempted murder cases where we have solved these cases and assisted in putting people in jail as well.
Our of Private investigator in Parkchester team is composed of a variety of Investigations Specialists whom together as a team obtain the end results that all clients want.... What makes one Bronx Investigator different than the other private investigator in Parkchester? Really. I mean we all are Parkchester Private Investigators some are Licensed and some are not. We can make the assessment and judgement very simple. If you retain a Parkchester Private investigator that has a history of bringing you excuses instead of results really gives that firm a bad reputation.
Our private investigators in Parkchester NY set out daily to obtain positive results. We cannot stress the significant key factor of our weekly high that is reached. Parkchester private investigators pride themselves with a high success rate. This is what makes us professionals in what we do. When it comes to our private investigators in Parkchester

########
Rank: 2
Score: 32.25321
Retrieved Text: ﻿ Hudson Hill private investigator NY. Hudson Hill detective agency NY. Detective services in Hudson Hill.
Our Investigations Firm is comprised of professional licensed private investigator in Hudson Hill NY, that have been conducting investigations for many years. This years of obtaining results that clients know us for. Our Hudson Hill Private Investigators pride ourselves with a high success rate for obtaining results (evidence) that have assisted clients in child custody cases, divorce in Hudson Hill Bronx, alimony, child support, embezzlement, money laundering, fraud in Hudson Hill, criminal cases, locating witnesses, missing persons, missing family, missing friends, sexual harassment, business verification, attempted murder cases where we have solved these cases and assisted in putting people in jail as well.
Our of Private investigator in Hudson Hill team is composed of a variety of Investigations Specialists whom together as a team obtain the end results that all clients want.... What makes one Bronx Investigator different than the other private investigator in Hudson Hill? Really. I mean we all are Hudson Hill Private Investigators some are Licensed and some are not. We can make the assessment and judgement very simple. If you retain a Hudson Hill Private investigator that has a history of bringing you excuses instead of results really gives that firm a bad reputation.
Our private investigators in Hudson Hill NY set out daily to obtain positive results. We cannot stress the significant key factor of our weekly high that is reached. Hudson Hill private investigators pride themselves with a high success rate. This is what makes us professionals

########
Rank: 3
Score: 32.242672
Retrieved Text: ﻿ Binghamton private investigator NY. Binghamton detective agency NY. Detective services in Binghamton.
Our Investigations Firm is comprised of professional licensed private investigator in Binghamton NY, that have been conducting investigations for many years. This years of obtaining results that clients know us for. Our Binghamton Private Investigators pride ourselves with a high success rate for obtaining results (evidence) that have assisted clients in child custody cases, divorce in Binghamton State New York, alimony, child support, embezzlement, money laundering, fraud in Binghamton, criminal cases, locating witnesses, missing persons, missing family, missing friends, sexual harassment, business verification, attempted murder cases where we have solved these cases and assisted in putting people in jail as well.
Our of Private investigator in Binghamton team is composed of a variety of Investigations Specialists whom together as a team obtain the end results that all clients want.... What makes one State New York Investigator different than the other private investigator in Binghamton? Really. I mean we all are Binghamton Private Investigators some are Licensed and some are not. We can make the assessment and judgement very simple. If you retain a Binghamton Private investigator that has a history of bringing you excuses instead of results really gives that firm a bad reputation.
Our private investigators in Binghamton NY set out daily to obtain positive results. We cannot stress the significant key factor of our weekly high that is reached. Binghamton private investigators pride themselves with a high success rate. This is what makes us professionals in what we do. When it comes to our

########
Rank: 4
Score: 32.22399
Retrieved Text: ﻿ Bulls Head private investigator NY. Bulls Head detective agency NY. Detective services in Bulls Head.
Our Investigations Firm is comprised of professional licensed private investigator in Bulls Head NY, that have been conducting investigations for many years. This years of obtaining results that clients know us for. Our Bulls Head Private Investigators pride ourselves with a high success rate for obtaining results (evidence) that have assisted clients in child custody cases, divorce in Bulls Head Staten Island, alimony, child support, embezzlement, money laundering, fraud in Bulls Head, criminal cases, locating witnesses, missing persons, missing family, missing friends, sexual harassment, business verification, attempted murder cases where we have solved these cases and assisted in putting people in jail as well.
Our of Private investigator in Bulls Head team is composed of a variety of Investigations Specialists whom together as a team obtain the end results that all clients want.... What makes one Staten Island Investigator different than the other private investigator in Bulls Head? Really. I mean we all are Bulls Head Private Investigators some are Licensed and some are not. We can make the assessment and judgement very simple. If you retain a Bulls Head Private investigator that has a history of bringing you excuses instead of results really gives that firm a bad reputation.
Our private investigators in Bulls Head NY set out daily to obtain positive results. We cannot stress the significant key factor of our weekly high that is reached. Bulls Head private investigators pride themselves with a high success rate. This is what makes

########
Rank: 5
Score: 32.202972
Retrieved Text: ﻿ Mc. Ginley Sqare private investigator NJ. Mc. Ginley Sqare detective agency NJ. Detective services in Mc. Ginley Sqare.
Our Investigations Firm is comprised of professional licensed private investigator in Mc. Ginley Sqare NJ, that have been conducting investigations for many years. This years of obtaining results that clients know us for. Our Mc. Ginley Sqare Private Investigators pride ourselves with a high success rate for obtaining results (evidence) that have assisted clients in child custody cases, divorce in Mc. Ginley Sqare Jersey City, alimony, child support, embezzlement, money laundering, fraud in Mc. Ginley Sqare, criminal cases, locating witnesses, missing persons, missing family, missing friends, sexual harassment, business verification, attempted murder cases where we have solved these cases and assisted in putting people in jail as well.
Our of Private investigator in Mc. Ginley Sqare team is composed of a variety of Investigations Specialists whom together as a team obtain the end results that all clients want.... What makes one Jersey City Investigator different than the other private investigator in Mc. Ginley Sqare? Really. I mean we all are Mc. Ginley Sqare Private Investigators some are Licensed and some are not. We can make the assessment and judgement very simple. If you retain a Mc. Ginley Sqare Private investigator that has a history of bringing you excuses instead of results really gives that firm a bad reputation.
Our private investigators in Mc. Ginley Sqare NJ set out daily to obtain positive results. We cannot stress the significant key factor of our weekly high that is reached. Mc. Ginley Sqare

########
Rank: 6
Score: 31.791412
Retrieved Text: Detective Agency Glasgow have been conducting successful investigations for their clients in past several years in Ruchill, Sandyhills, Scotstoun, Scotstounhill and Shettleston. Our highly professional personnel can conduct theft, infidelity, due diligence and digital forensics investigations in Ruchill.
What Sort Of Services Can Detective Agency Glasgow Perform In Ruchill, City of Glasgow?
Gathering of proof and other pertinent data is just one of the scope that Detective Agency Glasgow covers in Ruchill. Detective Agency Glasgow is able to do everything from polygraph examination to matrimonial surveillance inquiry as well as to a Corporate Investigation.
How Would Detective Agency Glasgow Give The Proof Gathered Within Ruchill, City of Glasgow?
Private investigators who work for Detective Agency Glasgow use many manners to identify an unfaithful husband in Ruchill. Detective Agency Glasgow can carry out surveillance operations to uncover the truth if have noticed your husband has been going out alone to socialize in Shettleston.
Is Detective Agency Glasgow Able To Determine If A Ruchill Company Is Fake Or Not?
In the business world, it can be difficult to have faith in others especially when it concerns a big amount in Scotstounhill. Thus, if you are thinking about taking over a competitor you require the assistance of Detective Agency Glasgow since they can provide you the assurance to proceed.
It may be a daunting task to locate or track a missing person but it can be as easy as pie with the help of Detective Agency Glasgow. There is a good number of people that go missing whenever there is trouble at home in Ruchill.
You require

########
Rank: 7
Score: 31.548103
Retrieved Text: Goat Detective Supah Star | Graj online za darmo na PacoGames.com!
An inexplicible tragedy has become. Under mysterious circumstances, the front man of favorite music group died. Luckily, the best detective of the world, Mr. Goat, comes to crime scene. Explore each room with him, find all the evidence, and interview all witnesses. Every version of the story will vary. Can you find the murderer? With just enough evidence, you can be pretty sure what happened. Maybe it was just accident! Play as detective and reveal the truth. Have fun.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 31.281736
Retrieved Text: You may have your suspicions, but how can you know for sure? While nothing will give you the truth the same way a proper investigation will, this quiz can help you identify if your suspicions are well founded or not, as per observations from our experienced private investigators. Answer the questions below and note how many times you answer yes. The number you end up with will give you your score, with the results below.
Or anything really. If your partner isn’t letting you near you, from their phone or tablet to their computer or appointment book, it’s usually a likely sign that they have something to hide. If their reaction to you touching their phone or going near their computer is panic, then they might be worries that you’ll find evidence of their infidelity.
If your spouse is cheating, they’re going to have to change their routine to fit in the new person. Are they coming home later? Are they getting up early to ‘go to the gym’? Not every change is proof that your spouse is cheating, but if it feels odd, it could be your gut telling you that they’re not where they say they are.
Sometimes people are tempted by someone new and different to the usual. Is there a new person in your friendship circle? A new colleague that they seem to see a lot of? It’s a cliche, but the ‘new secretary at the office’ cliche is there for a reason.
If your spouse or partner had been fairly average in the health and

########
Rank: 9
Score: 31.085293
Retrieved Text: In the upcoming movie, God’s Not Dead 2, I was asked to defend the historicity of Jesus and the eyewitness reliability of the Gospels. Skeptics sometimes challenge the gospels because there appear to be differences between the accounts. As a skeptic myself, investigating the gospels for the first time at the age of thirty-five, I also observed the discrepancies between the gospels. These differences didn’t, however, automatically disqualify them for me. If there’s one thing my experience as a detective has revealed, it’s that witnesses often make conflicting and inconsistent statements when describing what they saw at a crime scene. They frequently disagree with one another and either fail to see something obvious or describe the same event in a number of conflicting ways. The more witnesses involved in a case, the more likely there will be points of disagreement. When I encounter apparent discrepancies between eyewitness accounts, I don’t automatically assume someone is lying or that the witnesses aren’t reliable. Instead, I accept my investigative responsibility and do my best to understand why the witnesses appear to disagree. Most of the time, I’m able to legitimately reconcile the testimony and arrive at the truth. You can trust eyewitnesses even if they appear to disagree. When I first began to investigate the gospels, I kept this truth in mind.
I can remember a particular homicide that occurred in a restaurant parking lot in our town, late one rainy night, well after our homicide team went home for the day. Patrol officers responded to the scene and discovered

########
Rank: 10
Score: 30.798464
Retrieved Text: Fork in the Road: Can the truth actually set you free?
I want you to imagine the following scenario: you’re a detective in a recent homicide case trying to get to the guts of what actually happened. You have conflicting testimonies from four key witnesses: two provide compelling evidence that the perpetrator had the necessary modus operandi to commit murder in the first degree, whereas the other two indicate it may have been a matter of self-defence, which would lessen the charges significantly, if not dismiss them altogether. Two of the witnesses were passersby who saw the incident occur firsthand, but from opposing angles. The other witnesses were acquaintances of the perpetrator and victim, respectively.
Let’s say, for example, that witness number one, an elderly religious fellow who maintains traditional values about the “place of women” in society, only saw the victim (a male) from behind as he was being attacked by the perpetrator (a female). The witness (though it was never confirmed prior to him delivering his testimony) assumed the parties were married. While there may have been evidence from the witness’ angle that in fact the perpetrator was acting out of self defence, his pre-existing bias toward what is appropriate behaviour on the behalf of a wife distorted his perception of the events as they unfolded, leaving him to conclude that the perpetrator was lashing out inappropriately and with unnecessary extreme force toward the victim. His verdict: the perpetrator should be charged with murder in the first degree.
Let’s now use the same witness, BUT switch the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 30.47588
Retrieved Text: Detectives or the plain clothes Criminal Investigation Department (CID) has been around and in service since the 1880’s. To the outside world being a detective appears the most glamorous role there is within the force. Whilst in truth detectives do work the most extreme cases and are paid well for doing so the stresses and sights of the job cannot be underestimated.
Detectives will often work on long cases, amassing evidence, witnesses and statements for many months before they are in a position to progress with the case. Hours are very long and only the hardiest should apply. Teamwork is everything and it takes a vibrant and resilient character to progress and succeed.
Detectives must be experts in interviewing, processing and knowledgeable about the legislation that affects their various fields. There are a number of specialisms to choose from and often a detective, after serving 2 years as a general in house force detective, will be put into an area that they have a particular aptitude for.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 29.83012
Retrieved Text: In West Midlands, Private Detective Wolverhampton spares no effort in its attempt to offer top-notch PI solutions. For years, the people in Goldthorn Hill, Ladymoor, Goldthorn Park and Hall Green have benefited from Private Detective Wolverhampton's private investigation work.
Private Detective Wolverhampton highly trained and skilled detectives are involved in carrying out professional investigations in Goldthorn Hill. For a private and private discussion about your condition, get in touch with Private Detective Wolverhampton on phone and a friendly private detective will provide a suitable pocket-friendly solution in Goldthorn Hill.
You need to hire the private confidential private detective from Private Detective Wolverhampton to take immediate action today. You only need to call Private Detective Wolverhampton in Goldthorn Hill on 01902 582129 to get a consultation at no charge.
Is Discretion Guaranteed With Private Detective Wolverhampton In Goldthorn Hill Of West Midlands?
Contact between Private Detective Wolverhampton and its clients is only carried out in previously agreed ways so you don't have to worry about discretion. Private Detective Wolverhampton in Goldthorn Hill understands that so as to remain discreet we need to operate within your boundaries.
It is very common to find profiles that are not real on social media and you need to confirm the person you are in communication with in Goldthorn Hill Employ Private Detective Wolverhampton to discover the truth as they are the best in this line of work, and can save you both money and time eventually.
Stock damages plus unaccounted stock have been in the offing in your Heath Town Company. If you want to avoid waste

########
Rank: 13
Score: 29.513206
Retrieved Text: A document signing and investigation service for personal injury solicitors. If your caseload involves acting for clients who live some distance from your office, then perhaps we could be of help to you.
Attending clients to explain, and obtain their signatures on, Conditional Fee Agreements and associated documents.
Obtaining Statements of Truth from clients and witnesses.
Tracing of clients and witnesses.
Evidence gathering to support claims.
CICA and MIB papers explained and signatures obtained.
Our overall purpose is to act as a bridge between you and your clients. Operating nationally has huge advantages for firms of solicitors, but inevitably leads to a lack of personal contact with clients which we can restore. Dealing with our agents face to face at the outset of a claim results in higher rates of client satisfaction than is possible with merely a telephone and postal relationship.
We cover the whole of the UK with our network of mature, reliable agents who are selected specifically for their ability to deal with people from all walks of life, in a calm and reassuring way.
from solicitors about us and our people: Brilliant - this has made my day!!
Say thanks to all your merry men. They really do a good job!.
very thorough and just what we need.
I appreciate your help and advice on this one.
Well done. Love the statements.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 29.369299
Retrieved Text: India is a country abundant with unsolved crimes and cold cases. Everyone one is aware of this fact, ode to the media it is splattered in every household. This is an age of darkness where crime has taken toll. Criminal cases go unpunished and criminals go scot -free and this is nothing new and these cases linger on our minds. There are stacks of cases which are just sitting on the shelf for decades. A professional detective has proven to be valuable in helping or assisting clients in these cases and illuminate different perspective in exposing these cases and breathing life into anew into them. There are numerous police departments with infinite crimes to be investigated, sad but true that there is not enough manpower even time to devote for resources necessary to most unsolved crimes. The police department does care about justice and in seeking the truth but there are certain factors that they lack in making it almost impossible for them to deal with all the cases which keeps on piling up. This is where a professional detective comes in the lime light.
The crime scenario in Mumbai is high and a good detective consultancy in Mumbai can be very helpful for any type of investigation required by you. If you are planning to tie the knot then pre marital enquiry is extremely imperative. Getting married to someone is a commitment of a lifetime, (at least in India, hopefully) and it is the most important decision of your life as you are going to spend

########
Rank: 15
Score: 29.323725
Retrieved Text: Janice MacDonald is the author of the Randy Craig Mysteries, set in Edmonton, Alberta. Randy is an amateur detective and academic manqué, who finds herself in a variety of dilemmas as she tries to worm her way into one niche or another of university life. Janice herself no longer teaches at the university level, although she used to lecture on English literature, communications and creative writing. Her MA was on Parody and Detective Fiction, one of the first studies of “subliterary fiction” allowed at the University of Alberta.
The Eye of the Beholder takes reluctant sleuth and sessional university lecturer Miranda “Randy” Craig from Mexico’s Pacific coast to Edmonton’s vibrant visual art scene while retaining the trademark suspense and humour that have made the series so popular with lovers of academic mystery.
“Janice MacDonald is a Canadian author of literary and mystery novels, textbooks, non-fiction titles, and stories for both children and adults. She is best known for writing seven novels featuring amateur sleuth Miranda “Randy” Craig. The Randy Craig Mysteries were the first detective series to be set in Edmonton, Alberta, where Janice lives and works. The latest installment, The Eye of the Beholder, was published in October 2018 by Ravenstone Books, an imprint of the highly respected Turnstone Press. In recent years Janice has also concentrated on literary short fiction, essays, and creative non-fiction. Confederation Drive, a passion project about her trip across Canada on the 50th anniversary of Expo ’67 in Montreal, was released by Edmonton-based Monto Books to coincide with the “Canada 150” sesquicentennial

########
Rank: 16
Score: 29.018871
Retrieved Text: Getting in touch with a private investigator agency like Detective Agency Glasgow can be daunting but rest assured that our professional personnel will show you that you have made a right decision. Detective Agency Glasgow private detectives are experts who understand the law within Govan around City of Glasgow.
Corporate and individual clients in Govan, Govanhill, Greenfield, Haghill and Hamiltonhill have always been satisfied with the level of service that Detective Agency Glasgow has rendered throughout the years. They have successfully closed cases in Govan pertaining to cheating partners, exercise of due diligence, electronic forensics and even simple theft.
When it comes collecting evidence for their customers in Govan, Detective Agency Glasgow use a variety of methods. Detective Agency Glasgow can cover almost everything from marital surveillance investigation to a lie detector examinations and even Corporate Investigation.
How Can Detective Agency Glasgow Within Govan Around City of Glasgow Deliver The Gathered Proof?
Legal and valid data are gathered by the investigators of Detective Agency Glasgow in Govan to help you with your case. You will receive a comprehensive report once the evidence has been found in Govan.
Private investigators who work for Detective Agency Glasgow use many manners to identify an unfaithful husband in Govan. If it caught your attention that your husband is spending a lot of time alone in Hamiltonhill than Detective Agency Glasgow can conduct an investigation to discover the truth.
If you have been staying at the office in Govan until late at night, you will be accused of infidelity. Now, there is an awkward moment of silence

########
Rank: 17
Score: 28.940353
Retrieved Text: Learn to Share the Truth from a Real Detective!
Investigate Creation with a Real Detective. J. Warner Wallace shows children ages 8 to 12 what skills are needed to solve Jason’s mystery, and at the same time looks at evidence in the universe that demonstrates God is the creator. Ultimately, kids will learn how to make their own case for God’s existence.
Investigate Jesus with a REAL detective. Between the ages of 8 and 12, kids often start to wonder if Christianity is true. In Cold-Case Christianity for Kids, detective J. Warner Wallace draws readers into the thrill of high-stakes investigation by showing them how to think rather than telling them what to think.
In Cold-Case Christianity for Kids, detective J. Warner Wallace draws readers into the thrill of high-stakes investigation by showing them how to think rather than telling them what to think. In this children’s companion to the bestselling Cold-Case Christianity, detective Wallace gets kids excited about testing witnesses, examining the evidence, and investigating the case for Christianity.
Includes author illustrations and links to a website (coldcasechristianityforkids.com) where kids can download activities, fill in case notes, and earn a certificate of merit.
In God’s Crime Scene for Kids, real-life detective J. Warner Wallace shows children ages 8 to 12 what skills are needed to solve Jason’s mystery, and at the same time looks at evidence in the universe that demonstrates God is the creator. Ultimately, kids will learn how to make their own case for God’s existence.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 28.653996
Retrieved Text: Inside Tyne & Wear, Private Detective Gateshead tries to maintain consumers risk-free and also uncover the facts any time contacted. Private Detective Gateshead is capable of doing matrimonial investigation and also surveillance to learn if the spouse will be being unfaithful inside Low Eighton, Low Fell, Low Greenside and also Lyndhurst.
Bug sweeps, cell phones and also personal computers are usually coated beneath Digital Forensics Investigations just in case you think one thing poor taking place fitness centre at the job inside Low Eighton Private Detective Gateshead specialist and licensed investigators can easily perform any lie detector tests in the home inside Low Eighton to try you and the spouse.
Private Detective Gateshead offer you companies regarding treachery, robbery, searching for , and also due diligence. Private Detective Gateshead provides places of work inside Low Eighton as well as other elements of great Britain in which they've got offered numerous years of services.
A fraudster took some funds from you inside North Side and then you would like cash back from your on the web fraud? Making use of their credit card debt retrieve private investigator services inside Low Greenside, Private Detective Gateshead can retrieve your cash.
You own an house in North Side that you rent out and your latest tenant has gone missing owing rent. Private Detective Gateshead can guide you to locate these people and getting your money back.
An individual may be taking cash and belongings from the family located within Low Eighton and you suspect that it is your stepchild. A Lie Detector Test by Private

########
Rank: 19
Score: 28.612206
Retrieved Text: Getting in touch with a private investigator agency like Detective Agency Glasgow can be daunting but rest assured that our professional personnel will show you that you have made a right decision. Detective Agency Glasgow private detectives are experts who understand the law within Govanhill around City of Glasgow.
Corporate and individual clients in Govanhill, Greenfield, Haghill, Hamiltonhill and High Knightswood have always been satisfied with the level of service that Detective Agency Glasgow has rendered throughout the years. They have successfully closed cases in Govanhill pertaining to cheating partners, exercise of due diligence, electronic forensics and even simple theft.
When it comes collecting evidence for their customers in Govanhill, Detective Agency Glasgow use a variety of methods. Detective Agency Glasgow can cover almost everything from marital surveillance investigation to a lie detector examinations and even Corporate Investigation.
How Can Detective Agency Glasgow Within Govanhill Around City of Glasgow Deliver The Gathered Proof?
Legal and valid data are gathered by the investigators of Detective Agency Glasgow in Govanhill to help you with your case. You will receive a comprehensive report once the evidence has been found in Govanhill.
Private investigators who work for Detective Agency Glasgow use many manners to identify an unfaithful husband in Govanhill. If it caught your attention that your husband is spending a lot of time alone in High Knightswood than Detective Agency Glasgow can conduct an investigation to discover the truth.
If you have been staying at the office in Govanhill until late at night, you will be accused of infidelity. Now, there is an awkward moment

########
Rank: 20
Score: 28.402733
Retrieved Text: Return to the scene of the crime with this detective board game update, featuring six new suspects. Investigate fifty unique mysteries using a detective toolkit that features a spyglass, secret mirror, and decoding key. Decode secret clues from witnesses. Record clues in notebook. Discover the right clues, make your arrest and justice will prevail.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 28.311821
Retrieved Text: His first adventure consisted of the search for a rare record; his second the search for a lost child. Specifically the child of Valerian, lead singer of a great rock band of the 1960s, who hanged herself in mysterious circumstances after the boy's abduction.
The second in a trilogy, The Vinyl Detective - The Run-Out Groove, is another well written, laugh out loud (well, I did) confident offering from Andrew Cartmel.
Thrust back into the world of the Vinyl Detective (name of the character is, as yet, not revealed - which must be quite tricky for the author to work around!) I did wonder how similar the storyline would be to the first, given essentially at the beginning the protagonist was after another rare record. I need not have worried, it is vastly different and again, despite the humour running throughout it is actually a serious plot.
Packed with another set of punchy characters, I was glad to see the return of some others, namely Nevada, Tinkler, Stinky and Fanny and Turk (the cats) and to travel around the rocker scene of past era's in the search for the truth about wild child Valerian. We are given a colourful history of the women in question via people who were close to the singer, and discover some uncomfortable truths about her family along the way.
Of course, when the truth is somewhat misty, it is usually so for a reason and the Vinyl Detective and Co quickly discover there is someone that wishes for it to remain that way. Not quite

########
Rank: 22
Score: 28.296324
Retrieved Text: Cryptic demises of two accountants who are related to each other hound a small town and send two of its residents into the pursuit of the truth behind the killings.
Jack McCormac mixes humour and mystery in Fetching Fiona and the Sketching Detective Solve the Crisscross Murders, ditching old creepy-enigmatic formula usually fused in the genre. Set in the town of Bonnie Glen, in time for Halloween, married couple Jack and Fiona MacKay are inadvertently tasked to investigate on the deaths of two prominent locals, banking on their knack for observation and analysis.
The couple struggle to figure out pieces of the truth as they encounter all sorts of persons positioned to have the slightest connection to the murders, and while doing so, discover more about their marriage and why their tandem works.
Twist after twist, McCormac’s writing does not fail to entertain his readers as each chapter turns out to be full of detailed innuendos and charming repartees.
reader. What would you suggest in regards to your publish that you simply made some days ago?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 28.283705
Retrieved Text: A detective is an investigator, either a member of a law enforcement agency or a private person. The latter may be known as private investigators or "private eyes". Informally, and primarily in fiction, a Detective / Investigator is any licensed or unlicensed person who solves crimes, including historical crimes, or looks into records.
In some police departments, a Detective / Investigator position is not appointed; it is a position achieved by passing a written test after a person completes the requirements for being a police officer.
In many other police systems, Detective / Investigators are college graduates who join directly from civilian life without first serving as uniformed officers. Some people argue that Detective / Investigators do a completely different job and therefore require completely different training, qualifications, qualities and abilities than uniformed officers. The opposing argument is that without previous service as a uniformed patrol officer, a Detective / Investigator cannot have a great enough command of standard police procedures and problems and will find it difficult to work with uniformed colleagues.
The Detective / Investigator branch in most large police agencies is organized into several squads or departments, each of which specializes in investigation into a particular type of crime or a particular type of undercover operation, which may include: homicide; robbery; burglary; auto theft; organized crimes; missing persons; juvenile crime; fraud; narcotics; vice; criminal intelligence; aggravated assault/battery; sexual assault; computer crime; domestic violence; surveillance; and arson, among others.
In some countries, the practice of a Detective / Investigator is not yet recognized in courts and judicial processes.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 28.238554
Retrieved Text: Δημιουργός Michael Landon, Jr. Michael Landon Jr.
Coal Valley's trial gets underway in the town with a new Judge presiding over it. Elizabeth gets unsettling news from Hamilton regarding her family, and must return. Abigail's case is presided over by an unlikely prosecutor. Elizabeth's family meets, Jack.
Elizabeth and Jack remain worlds apart and Abigail finds out the devastating truth about Bill Avery.
Abigail travels to Hamilton to stay with Elizabeth’s family and is compelled to accept Bill’s help on a personal matter. A heroic act by Jack brings him closer to his ex-fiancée, Rosemary. Elizabeth returns to Hope Valley and she and Jack come together to consider what the future holds.
When a visitor from home arrives in Hope Valley, Elizabeth begins to question the direction of her heart and feelings for Jack. As Abigail struggles with how to help her daughter-in-law, Bill delves deeper into an undercover investigation.
Elizabeth and Jack receive upsetting news from their families in Hamilton that could tear them apart. Meanwhile, Abigail tries to find forgiveness in her heart for Bill as Lee enlists Rosemary’s help to fight Gowen and keep Hope Valley from falling apart.
Elizabeth and Jack try to put their differences aside to stop Julie and Tom before they make another mistake, while Gowen targets Abigail’s Café in his next underhanded scheme.
Elizabeth and Jack face a life-threatening experience together and finally discover the truth about what has been keeping them apart. Later, all of Hope Valley witnesses a shocking arrest and an unexpected proposal.
Elizabeth and Jack put differences aside to prevent Julie and

########
Rank: 25
Score: 28.197693
Retrieved Text: Attorneys can hire private detectives for many reasons. There are times when the Private Investigator in Oklahoma City is able to produce results that are much more valuable at a charge that is far less than what legal consultants ask for. A Private Investigator can also greatly assist in making the lawsuit stronger.
There are many an attorney can hire a Private Investigator in OKC for.
It is not possible for the attorneys to complete their job of allocating the deceased client’s assets when they are not able to find the departed client’s heirs. By using a range of methods and sources, the private detective has no trouble in finding these people others can’t.
In order to win a case, there involves a great deal of research, as well as researching the other opponent’s pattern of behaviors. When you know how the opposing party thinks and usually do in specific situations, it becomes a lot easier for the attorney to plan what their next move should be. Learning all about the other party can be done by surveillance or by contemporary methods for example social media investigations. The private investigator will have no trouble in getting you the information you need about your opponent.
There are some people such as a witnesses who have a reason to stay hidden and they do an excellent job at doing so. If the case entirely rests on getting that person’s testimonial, the attorney has a hard time in finding that witness. By hiring the services of a Private Investigator in OKC, the untraceable

########
Rank: 26
Score: 28.083889
Retrieved Text: When a show starts with the discovery of fifteen frozen bodies on a bus, you know that things are going to get dark. Witnesses: The Complete Series 2 manages to take viewers into a dark place, but the frozen bodies aren’t the most disturbing thing about this French series.
When fifteen frozen bodies are found on a bus, Detective Sandra Winckler (Marie Dompnier) is given the job of finding out who the victims are. When Catherine Keemer (Audrey Fleurot) turns up on the streets suffering from memory loss, with the only memory being her missing baby boy it is soon revealed that the two events are connected.
The second season of Witnesses weaves a tale not only of murder and kidnap, but also historical abuse of children, and in many ways it could be easy to get lost in all the strands the story creates. Thankfully though this isn’t the case, and most of the reason why is down to the performances of Marie Dompnier and Audrey Fleurot.
While Fluerot’s Catherine Keemer character is hard to trust at first, she is key to finding out the truth. Her actions pull Winckler away from following the rules, and takes her on a violent path that actually shows success. While she is cold at first, the audience slowly comes to sympathise with the character, while also worrying that her violence is going too far. This is what Witnesses does well though, it gives good reason for rules to be broken, when the stakes are so high.
The character of Detective Sandra Winckler

########
Rank: 27
Score: 28.082628
Retrieved Text: Showing results by author "Alan Russell"
LAPD detective Michael Gideon and his German shepherd K-9 partner, Sirius, walked through fire to catch an infamous serial killer, and Gideon is still paying the price with his PTSD fire dreams. To assist the FBI’s Behavioral Analysis Unit, Gideon has agreed to monthly prison visits with Ellis Haines, a.k.a. the Weatherman. This time, a homicide case the FBI wants Haines to analyze sparks a chilling discovery: A new serial killer has struck, and he's lacing his crime scenes with hidden messages intended for Haines.
Gotta Love Gideon and Sirius !
I wish there were 10 stars!
Detective Michael Gideon is used to being handed L.A.'s oddest cases, but his newest one assigned itself. When Gideon's K-9 partner, Sirius, rescues a lost dog from a pack of coyotes, the duo tries to return her home - only to discover her owner is missing. Heather Moreland has clearly disappeared under suspicious circumstances, and the more Gideon digs into her past, the more he's convinced of her abduction.
After the brutal murder of an art gallery owner, the beautiful and mysterious artist Holly Troy seems to be the key to finding out what really happened on the night of the homicide. Unfortunately, Holly also suffers from dissociative identity disorder, and many of her personalities come straight from classical mythology, from the powerful Cronos and Pandora to the fickle Fates. Holly has no idea who she was the night of the crime - whether she witnessed anything, or even if she was the killer herself. Homicide detective Orson

########
Rank: 28
Score: 27.988144
Retrieved Text: Relax while our private detectives in Mumbai do your job!
Mumbai also was known as the city of dreams. It is one of the cities with maximum population than other cities. It is famous in many ways for some it’s famous for celebrities as a maximum of Indian Celebrities are based in Mumbai. It’s true that Mumbai is the financial, commercial and entertainment capital of India. It is also the wealthiest city in India. As its rich in corporate sector too so they can avail the service of detectives in Mumbai. We have the best Private Detective Agency In Mumbai providing best results to its clients there. Our detective agency has highly professional investigators in Mumbai. They are covering the complete Mumbai city. The demand of detectives in Mumbai is high as its a big city and a lot of corporate sectors are associated with Venus Detective in Mumbai. We have different teams for different needs of people. Like we have the matrimonial detective in Mumbai, the corporate detective in Mumbai, Pre matrimonial detective in Mumbai, Post matrimonial detective in Mumbai, love affair detective in Mumbai etc.
Mumbai, the city of dreams has brought its share of good and bad experiences for the people. Thousands of people migrate to this mega-city each year and the numbers are just growing. With an increase in the inflow of people, there is more involvement happening in terms of business relationships, personal relations, and professional relations. People are meeting and traveling together and that leads to some kind of emotional attachments paving

########
Rank: 29
Score: 27.851685
Retrieved Text: Getting in touch with a private detective such as Detective Agency Glasgow could be intimidating however be confident that our expert private investigators as well as case supervisors would make you feel comfortable. The private investigators who work for Detective Agency Glasgow are experts who are well informed about the legislation in Hogganfield, City of Glasgow.
Detective Agency Glasgow service is rooted in years of knowledge and skills foundation of successful service delivery in Hogganfield, Hutchesontown, Hyndland, Ibrox and Jordanhill. They have successfully closed cases in Hogganfield pertaining to cheating partners, exercise of due diligence, electronic forensics and even simple theft.
What Sort Of Services Can Detective Agency Glasgow Perform In Hogganfield, City of Glasgow?
There are several things which Detective Agency Glasgow do to gather proof for their clients within Hogganfield. Detective Agency Glasgow also does lie detector tests and Corporate Investigations on top of spousal surveillance services.
In Which Way Will Detective Agency Glasgow Deliver The Gathered Evidence In Hogganfield?
When you need to find the truth from a matter in Hogganfield, Detective Agency Glasgow can assist you. When the investigation is over in Hogganfield, a full investigation report is put together.
There are several means to confront a cheating partner in Hogganfield through private detectives from Detective Agency Glasgow. Your husband prefers attending special functions in Jordanhill, alone; Detective Agency Glasgow private investigation is your ticket to discover the truth behind this new conduct.
Perhaps you are accused of cheating because you are coming home from work later than usual in Hogganfield. House mates stop their discussion once you come

================



======= Instance Index 26 =========
Input Text: A disposable razor is aptly named, it ends up where?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- supermarket
- hotel room
- garbage
- closet
- medicine cabinet

Target Text: garbage

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 31.69646
Retrieved Text: A disposable razor with means for recording usage including a blade cartridge portion and a handle portion, the handle portion including a sidewall with an inner and outer surface. A plurality of push tabs are located on the sidewall of the handle, the push tabs being bordered by one or more grooves formed into the inner and/or outer surface of the sidewall; or the push tabs are bordered by one or more grooves formed into one or both surfaces of the sidewall and one or more slits extending all the way through the sidewall. Pressure applied onto the outer surface of a push tab causes a portion of the push tab to break away from the remainder of the sidewall, leaving a visible "breakline", and so providing a means for recording a limited numerical quantity.
This application is a continuation of U.S. patent application Ser. No. 08/483,281, now abandoned.
This invention relates to disposable razors.
A common annoyance experienced by people who shave with disposable razors is not knowing how many times the razor has been used previously, and whether or not to discard it. Generally, the more times a razor is used, the less comfortable it is to shave with.
Much of this annoyance could be avoided if the disposable razor included a means for recording how many times it has been used. However, since cost is a very important factor of disposable razors, it is important that any such use recording feature add very little if anything to manufacturing costs.
Accordingly, it is an object of this invention to

########
Rank: 1
Score: 28.5753
Retrieved Text: What to Look for in Disposable Razors?
How to Shave with a Disposable Razor?
Disposable razors are the default choice of most men. Unfortunately, the wrong decision may end up causing a lot of irritation and razor burn.
Here’s what you’ll get in this guide – the 5 best disposable razors and why, how to choose one and some tips on preventing razor burn and irritation.
If you’ve read my previous posts about shaving, I’m not a big fan of disposables.
But not everyone is willing to invest time in learning the art of wet shaving hence I created this article to help you choose the best option that will provide a lot of value for your hard earned dollar.
After careful research and comparison, the Schick Xtreme 3 Disposable and not a Gillette Mach 3 is my pick as the best disposable razor. Price is a big reason why. A 4-pack Xtreme 3 would only cost less than $8 while the Gillette Mach 3 six-pack would cost over $12.
While using disposable razors can be more expensive than safety razors, many find that disposable razors are easier to work with and the learning curve not as steep.
With this, we can help with finding the best disposable razors for men, no matter what your shaving preferences are.
When you’re looking for quality disposable razors, it would be wise to keep the following in mind.
There are various types of disposable razors, and some brands do a better job than others.
Multi-bladed razors will shave closer with fewer passes because it uses more blades.
Single-bladed razors can also

########
Rank: 2
Score: 28.42868
Retrieved Text: Before they chose the "green" pill, Jas and Morgana didn’t stop to think about their day-to-day purchases — where they came from or where they went. Something as simple as razors for example. Maybe because the ritual is so personal, they couldn’t think beyond the bathroom door. Where do razors come from? Where do they go?
Razors usually consist of two parts: the steel blade, and the plastic moulding. They are one of the cheapest and most functional personal grooming items you can buy, but this easy purchase has very permanent environmental effects.
Disposable razors, as their name suggests, are not made for reuse, or recycling for that matter. Even if you wanted to, it is difficult and dangerous to try and pull the recyclable metal out of a disposable razor. We throw them in the trash because it is easier, and at the end of the day, the only action we can think of.
SOLUTION NUMBER 1. Don’t shave. We managed it for thousands of years, we could do it again. Be bold. Embrace your body for the jungle it was born to be.
SOLUTION NUMBER 2. Do shave, but do it sustainably. REALLY sustainably. For that, we are going to have to go back a century: to the "vintage" safety razor.
Guess who patented the safety razor? Gillette. This is literally the OG shaver. The granddaddy of the lesser disposables. Production of the Gillette model ceased in the late 80’s because we switched to the slight convenience of disposables and destroyed the market. Well, guess what? Using vintage products

########
Rank: 3
Score: 27.90116
Retrieved Text: Disposable razors can have as many as five blades.
When it comes time to buy a disposable razor, consumers have many options. Some disposable razors come with multiple blades, colors, moisturizers, replaceable blades and even batteries. In general, select a razor that has at least three blades. This ensures a close shave. It's also advisable to select a razor with a moisturizing strip, which can help soothe razor bumps. Reviews favor the Gillette Fusion Manual and The Gillette Mach3 Turbo for Men and the Schick Intuition Plus and the Gillette Venus Divine for women.
One mistake people make when choosing a disposable razor is not checking the cost of replacement blades. Oftentimes, the cost of the initial razor is inexpensive, but buying the replacement blades for the disposable razors can be costly.
Big box retailers like Target and Wal-Mart tend to have the best prices for disposable razors and they also offer a wide variety of choices. That being said, supermarkets, drug stores and online retailers also sell disposable razors.
The Gillette Fusion disposable razor retails for about $9 and comes with two replacement cartridges. The Gillette Mach3 Turbo ranges in price from $15 to $20. Both the Schick Intuition Plus and the Gillette Venus Divine Retail for about $10.
What Happens When You Shave?
How Often Should You Replace Blades in an Electric Razor?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.261047
Retrieved Text: We all know that young people are growing up in an era where new consumer products launch or are updated on a constant basis. With the launch of the iPhone 5 last week there will be millions of consumers desperate to get of their current phone contracts just so they can have the latest phone. In the current marketplace we see many good products relegated to the scrap heap every month just because the latest version is released. We can trace all of this back to the theory of the disposable razor.
Traditionally a man would buy one high quality razor to shave their face every morning. The good blades would last a lifetime, which the manufacturer thought was bad for business. It was in the interest of the manufacturer to make blades that needed replacing so that people would have to buy more product. Thus the creation of the disposable razor blade; a company would make more money over the long term selling thousands of cheap items than selling one high quality razor.
Fast forward through the years and we see that many products lowered their quality so that people would have to buy more products. Many products developed component parts that needed replacing so as to sell more products; before digital cameras Kodak made more money from selling film than they did by selling cameras. The disposable razor theory originally applied to low cost and low quality items. In recent years the disposable or replaceable concept has been getting more and more expensive. What do people

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.213015
Retrieved Text: The Best Disposable Razor Ever!
Im the type of girl whos always looking for fast and easy beauty solutions, especially when it comes to the hair on my legs. I dont have the time to get my legs waxed, depilatory creams are simply too messy, and spending money on pricey laser-hair-removal treatments seems rather ridiculous given the state of our economy.
Hand me a good ol' razor, and Im one happy and hairless girl. Normally, Ill just buy the jumbo pack filled with no frill, cheap-looking razors to get me through the summer. But I guess you get what you pay for (or dont pay for, in this case): I almost always end up with a nick or cut, never a super-smooth shave.
Which is why I was thrilled to discover Gillettes new Spa Breeze Venus disposable razor. Unlike most disposables, it has a triple blade (so it catches hairs that a double or single blade might miss). It also has these two little bars surrounding the blade that dispense a moisturizing cream (one less step to worry about). These bars actually flexsomething you dont often see with a disposableso they make their way around knees and ankles with ease. The people who created the razor boast that the shaving cream is infused with white tea “to indulge the senses.” A nice idea, but after a few sniff tests I cant say I picked up much of a scent.
Sold in most drugstores, two of these great-looking razors (with their modern-looking design and blush-pink handle) will cost you $6.49. Yes,

########
Rank: 6
Score: 27.146599
Retrieved Text: The battle rages. Disposable razors versus electric shavers. Disposable razor companies will tell you that razors are the only way to a perfectly shaven face. Electric shaver manufacturers will tell you that manual razors are a nostalgic but pointless endeavour. What is the truth of the matter? How do these methods compare and which will be more suitable for you? That's what I intend to address in this article.
I will cover the pros and cons of each method, concluding with some final points to consider.
It's true, cutting your facial hair directly with some form of blade will give you an unparalleled level of closeness. With electric shavers, there is a buffer between the blades and your face; as opposed to the direct contact with a razor. Disposable razors slice further down the hair follicles, closer to the skin, providing a shave that leaves your face feeling smoother and also lasts slightly longer (before you have to shave again).
In the short term, disposable razors are the cheapest way to shave. An initial purchase price of below £10 for the handle and several heads, this can't be beaten. The rise of monthly online order razors has increased competition and driven down prices to new levels. There are many alternatives to the traditional Gilette, such as Dollar Shave Club and Boldking to name a couple.
For many men, this is the biggest selling point. Some won't even try an electric razor, because they love the masculine ideal of applying shaving cream and using a manual razor in front of a

########
Rank: 7
Score: 27.112972
Retrieved Text: Travel disposable razors manufacturer, WangLi Shaver Company is an ISO9001 qualified manufacturer which has more than 15 years industrial experiences, more than 160 workers, 2 buildings cover 10,000 square meters workshop, 20 sets plastic injection machines, 10 sets razor cartridge assembly workstations and 4 sets packing machines. We supply mens disposable razors and female disposable razors in bulk. For the advantages of cheap labor cost, lower factory rental fees but convenient transportation, our products are good sale to supermarket chain, personal care distributor, beauty supplies wholesaler, guestroom toiletries supplier etc.
Regardless of how successful you have been cushioned to let people know your products, love it and believe it, but if the customer does not pay, it’s fruitless.
The skill to getting customers to pay immediately, the most common ones are similar to “on sale”, “discount”. Then, how do you use story marketing? The answer is: You tell the customer why and when we launch this promotion, why the price will soon rise.
Michael said he wanted to take this opportunity to integrate his experience into a system. His company’s internal training program ends with this goal.This means that these high-quality training content will not be discussed again in the future.
You can search Michael’s company. In 2015, the valuation is 70 million US dollars, and now it has reached 100 million. Michael doesn’t need to make money from this course. It might be the last chance to learn from him.
Because the lecturer speaking about this lesson is not to make money, but to use this opportunity to form an

########
Rank: 8
Score: 26.97557
Retrieved Text: Looking for a great shave at a fair price? Gillette® has you covered with disposable razors for men. Achieve a smooth, close shave for less without sacrificing razor and blade quality. Explore our disposable razors lineup.
Gillette Blue3 Disposable men’s razor offers a smoother shave and has 100% better rinsing (vs. Blue II Plus).
It features an Enhanced Lubrastrip for extraordinary comfort (vs. Blue II Plus). A Pivoting Head adjusts to the contours of your face. Complete with a Soft Ultragrip handle for great control.
Tough performance carefully designed to offer a gentle shave for guys with sensitive skin. Product features: Three Comfort Blades and Lubrastrip® deliver extraordinary comfort.
Gillette’s Blue Simple3 is Gillette’s great value 3-bladed men’s disposable razor. It gives you 7 clean shaves and fewer nicks and cuts (vs. BlueII Plus). Gillette’s Blue Simple3 is equipped with 3 spring mounted blades for a close, smooth and comfortable shave. Its open architecture allows easier rinsing and it features a Lubrastrip for an easy glide as well as a fin guard to help stretch the skin and prepare the hair to be cut. With Gillette’s Blue Simple3 you’ ll get a shave others will notice, but your wallet won’t.
Gillette Blue3 Ice Men's Disposable Razor offers a smoother shave and has 100% better rinsing (vs Blue II). It features an Enhanced Lubrastrip for extraordinary comfort (vs Blue II Plus). A pivoting head adjusts to the contours of your face. Complete with a Soft Ultragrip handle for great control. Get up to 5 shaves per razor.
A great shave is within your

########
Rank: 9
Score: 26.897291
Retrieved Text: You can find out more information and a video guide at the bottom of this page.
If you need any advice about the RazorPit, just get in touch. We are here to help you, call us on +44 (0)141 880 3040.
The RazorPit or Teneo Razor Blade Sharpener is for you if you're fed up paying through the nose for disposable replacement razor blades including Gillette Mach3 and Fusion, Wilkinson Sword and King of Shaves. Save a blade with RazorPit the amazing razor blade sharpener. Stop throwing razor blades away, instead, extend the life of your razor blade by to up to 150 shaves.
The RazorPit blade sharpener is so easy to use: Apply a small amount of shaving cream / gel etc onto the RazorPit silicone plate, place your razor blade onto the plate and gently stroke it four times over the length of the plate 4 or 5 times against the conventional shaving direction. Then, rinse the RazorPit and blades. This process should be repeated after every shave. By doing this you can extend the life of a standard disposable cartridge razor blade up to 150 shaves!
Please watch the video to see the technology behind the RazorPit Razor Blade Sharpener and how to use it!
What Blades Do RazorPits Work With?
RazorPit Blade Sharpeners work with almost all razor blades. Please see the list below for some of the blades you can clean and sharpen on a RazorPit Razor Blade Sharpener.
** RazorPit and Teneo are both made by RazorPit, the Teneo has a plastic stand which keeps it upright

########
Rank: 10
Score: 26.769314
Retrieved Text: Gillette Mach3 Turbo men’s razor cartridge refill features 3 blades for glide and comfort. With sharper, Turbo cutting blades (first 2 blades vs. Mach3), it delivers a closer shave, without all the irritation (vs. Sensor2 Plus disposable). It feels better than a new disposable, even on the 10th shave (overall preference vs. Sensor2 disposable).
The long-lasting lubrication strip (vs. Sensor2 disposable) provides an incredible glide. Mach3 Turbo razor cartridge features 2x more Skin Guard fins (vs. Sensor3 disposable) for a smooth shave. Mach3 Turbo razor cartridge refills fit all Mach3 razors.
For an incredible shave, use with Mach3 Sensitive shave gel.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 26.630798
Retrieved Text: Hygiene disposable razors wholesaler provides best cheap disposable razor including single blade shaving razor, 2 blade disposable razor and triple blade disposable shavers at good quality. WangLi Shaver Manufacturing Company is established in 2009, with more than 15 years industrial experience, economic prices but good quality control, excellent services, we have obtained good reputation from our clients from Italy, France, the US, Canada, British, Russia, Malaysia, and Africa area etc.
Join the emerging “slow travel” family, reduce travel destinations and extend time in each destination. Taking the train will give you a deeper sense of local conditions and customs, and reduce carbon emissions.
To reduce pollution, you can use recyclable glass bottles to carry water (in the tropics, you can rely on coconut), and prepare tote bags in your luggage for shopping. This not only reduces plastic pollution, but also reduces petroleum-related carbon emissions, petroleum is the main raw material for the plastic products.
Locally made art and souvenirs are not very cheap. But buying these goods can indeed have a more direct and positive impact on the local economy.
For example, in Cancun, Mexico, the “traditional” Mexican hats sold by some gift shops are actually made in China. Because the local craftsman who makes the hat is asking for a higher price. The real difference is not only in price. Buying a real Mexican hat helps support cultural heritage and provides jobs for these craftsmen.
In Mongolia, some backpackers were found to bargain in the outdoor market. They wanted to buy a wolf-skin hat, but this behaviou inadvertently supported the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 26.323368
Retrieved Text: Over 2 billion disposable plastic razors are thrown out each year in the U.S. alone. A safety razor is a fantastic alternative to disposable razors, and this one can last you a lifetime. This attractive stainless steel razor is appropriate for all your shaving needs, regardless of your gender.
As women, we got sick of paying more for our razors just because they’re pink and come with fancy features (that we were never quite convinced were necessary). We bring you this sleek alternative. It’s unisex, easy to travel with, and reusable for a lifetime. 5 replacement blades are just $1!
Allow the weight of the razor to guide you; never press down with the razor head or drag it across your skin like you might with a disposable razor. Use a shaving soap for best results. When you follow these tips, you'll have a cleaner, safer shave. To travel, simply remove the blade. Dry off the razor after each use and replace the blade when it becomes dull; Bea Johnson says her sons take the razor head apart to let the blade dry after every shave, and the blades last them for an impressive 6 months!
None. The replacement blades come in a small recyclable box.
Manufactured in China through an environmentally conscious factory.
The safety razor should last a lifetime if you take care of it properly. Blades can be sharpened with denim and eventually recycled.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 26.09728
Retrieved Text: The Weighted Cuff for Disposable Razor holder has hidden weights help to steady a shaky hand. Caregivers for people with Parkinsons, or Essential Tremor will find this adapted razor holder helpful for increasing shaving independence and self care.
The Weighted Cuff for Disposable Razors is easy to use. Slip the handle of a standard disposable razor into the holder pocket, then secure the holder to the user's hand. The holder has a 1/2 inch wide strap that fits comfortably over the hand, with a D ring thumb loop that aids in adjusting the strap. The strap closes secure with hook and loop (Velcro) closure. The razor holder weighs about 1-1/2 pounds and is designed to provide added stability to a unsteady grip. The Weighted Cuff helps caregivers provide a helpful solution for users who have difficulty shaving with a standard disposable razor.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 26.008673
Retrieved Text: The Straight Razor: Straight-Edge or the Disposable Blade?
I travel to quite a few barber shops in any given month, and I am frequently asked by barbers and shaving enthusiasts alike, “which is better—a traditional straight-edge razor, or a Shavette (disposable blade) razor?” Now, before dismissing this topic thinking that the traditional straight-edge razor is prohibited in your state, I urge you to specifically research your state’s barbering regulations (SPOILER ALERT: Contrary to popular belief, California and Washington both allow for traditional straight edge razors! *WAC 308-20-110 & barbercosmo.ca.gov; Article 12, Title 16, Div. 9, No. 977*). This article will be focusing on three aspects of each razor: the myths, the pros, and the cons. I cannot definitively say which is better to use, but I can assist in dispelling rumors or misconceptions about either straight razor style, and perhaps help you choose your everyday cutter!
Lets start by focusing on the aspects of the traditional straight-edge blade. When thinking about a classic barber shop, there are a few things that come to mind—Pinaud aftershave, twirling barber poles, a comfy chair with leather arm rests, good conversations, and straight razors. The traditional straight edge razor has been the barber’s best friend for generations, and only in recent history has the Shavette style razor become a major contender in the barbering scene. Unfortunately, with the introduction of disposable blades, the professional barbering community seems to have lost the “art” of straight-edge maintenance. This leads us to the first myth: the straight edge is too difficult to master.
Although there is

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.936853
Retrieved Text: You should start with a good razor. If you’re buying an electric razor, you need to determine whether you want a corded or cordless version. Cordless razors are portable, but they require that you change or recharge their batteries frequently.
You will also need to determine whether you want a foil or rotary system. Foil systems can cause irritation and may lead to ingrown hairs. But, if you have heavy hair growth, a rotary system can pinch the skin.
Consider the price of replacement heads as well. A cheap base system with expensive disposable parts is no bargain.
If you are going to travel with the razor, you will probably want to choose a razor which has a travel kit to keep it safe.
On the other hand, if you are planning to use a safety razor, you will want to choose a good quality instrument. Don’t choose a disposable razor. These razors will leave your face or legs with nicks and cuts. Instead, look for a good quality non-disposable razor. The Mach 3 is a good example.
The next piece of skin care equipment that is essential for the home is a shower brush. Many people think that running a washcloth over their body in the shower and think that it is sufficient. But your entire body needs to be exfoliated frequently, and that is where a shower brush comes in. Brushing your skin also distributes the body’s natural oils over a broad area. Choose a large brush with a good handle.
Another essential piece of skin care equipment is a

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.836597
Retrieved Text: Explore Gillette’s full line-up of razors.
All Fusion razors fit all Fusion ProShield, Fusion ProGlide, and Fusion blades. All MACH3 razors fit all MACH3 blade refills.
For best shaving performance, use Fusion ProShield Razor Blades with this razor handle.
This razor features three independently mounted spring blades for a close, comfortable shave.
Uniquely shaped non-slip rubber handle provides control and maneuverability.
• Spring-mounted Pressure-Control System adjusts to different skin types.
The Fusion ProGlide Power Razor with FlexBall Technology makes maximum contact* over contours and gets virtually every hair. Featuring long-lasting performance—1 refill equals up to 1 month of shaves**—our best blades are now 2X preferred when used with FlexBall Technology (overall preference vs. former ProGlide, among ProGlide users).
Gillette Mach3 men’s manual razor delivers a close shave, without all the redness while feeling better after the 10th shave than a new disposable does on the first (vs. BlueII Plus Disposable).
Mach3 manual razors fit all Mach3 blade refills.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.773735
Retrieved Text: Until the invention of disposable safety razors by King Gillette in 1901, all shaving was done with straight blades. When safety razors came onto the market, they were a cash cow to razor blade manufacturers due to the continual need for customers to purchase replacement blades. The disposable razor became popular with men who had never learned to use a straight razor and did not want to pay a professional barber for shaves several times a week.
However, those who knew how to use a straight razor continued to prefer them because they provide a much closer and more comfortable shave than any safety razor can achieve. Straight razor shaving reduces "razor burn", ingrown hairs, and irritation that can be caused from safety razor blades designed to last only a few weeks.
Save money. Straight razors eliminate the need to continually buy replacement blades. Modern multi-blade disposable cartridges cost $2 - $3 each and last only around two weeks for most users. That cost will add-up! By contrast, with minimal care your straight razor will last you a lifetime.
It's good for the environment. Last year, 2 billion disposable cartridges were added to landfills in the United States! Why not invest instead in a straight razor which, built to last, can be handed down to your son and grandson.
It's just plain fun. Many men simply like tools. They like to take pride in learning a skill to achieve a superior result. Such men get a lot of satisfaction from straight razor shaving.
What is a razor strop?
A straight razor strop

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.714138
Retrieved Text: Razer Phone 2 goes through harsh durability test, will this gaming beast survive?
Razer, a newcomer to the smartphone scene, has recently released its second phone ever. The aptly named Razer Phone 2 is again trying to capture the attention of mobile gamers with its fancy 120Hz display, Dolby Stereo speakers, and glowing back logo. But is this boxy rectangular beast as tough as it looks? Popular YouTuber JerryRigEverything has decided to find out by subjecting the device to his famous durability test.
Kicking things off with the usual screen scratch test, the Razer Phone 2 manages to hold its own. Thanks to Gorilla Glass 5, the phone scratches at a point where most flagships from 2018 would.
The large speaker grilles at the top and bottom of the device are made of plastic, and unsurprisingly, are easily punctured with the razor knife. Still, they shouldn't be a source for concern, as long as you don't accidentally stab your phone. As for the front and back cameras, you can rest assured that both are immune from scratches left by coins and keys.
Moving on to the sides, the anodized aluminum alloy frame can be easily scraped by a razor, but it should be more than tough enough for day to day use. As for the back plate, Razer has decided to go with glass this time in order to allow for wireless charging. The panel proved to be tough to scrape, but it can be susceptible to shattering.
The results from the burn test were also encouraging – the LCD screen

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.672709
Retrieved Text: What is the difference between a Shavette Razor and a Straight Razor?
A Shavette is basically a straight razor, a shaving tool that looks more like a barber’s knife than a regular safety razor from Gillette or Wilkinson.
The first main difference is price. The Shavette is much cheaper than a straight razor. That is good for you, and that makes the Shavette a great starting place if you want to shave more like the pros but don’t want to hand out that much cash to get started.
Another difference is the blade. A shavette razor uses disposable blades (like regular razor blades that you throw away after a couple of uses). This means that you have to replace your blades after 5 to 10 uses, when it gets unsharp. The straight razor works more like a knife that you have to sharpen with special tools. It is hard to get a straight razor to be as sharp as a Shavette, so if you want a really close shave I guess the Shavette should do a better job. Professional barbers also argue that is more hygienic to use disposable blades, but for home use that argument is not worth much.
If you have sensitive skin, I would recommend using a shavette instead of a straight razor.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 25.63336
Retrieved Text: Shavette is the name of a disposable blade straight made by Dovo. It has the same features, looks, and feel of a regular straight and used just like one. It is sure to give an outstanding shave. With the disposable blade straight there is no need to deal with having to strop or hone the blade and one just needs to change the blade instead. This is thus; an excellent beginner’s straight razor and one can use several different and versatile types of blades, if you have the correct plastic insert. Hence, its burgeoning popularity across the world.
Since 1906, the year of its first manufacture, Dovo has ruled the market! DOVO is an independent German company, based in Solingen. They manuafacture scissors, shaving equipment such as straight razors and safety razors, as well as manicure tools.
The Dovo Shavette is one of their best products. Since 2013 DOVO moved towards focusing mainly on their shaving products and introducing new range of straight razors.
Across the UK in departmental chain stores, you can find the Dovo Shavette Long Razor Blades (x 10). The Dovo Shavette long razor blades are used with the black holder that slides into the shavettes. The platinum coated stainless steel Shavette blades can be easily snapped in half to give you two disposable blades.
Easy to use – You need not worry about having to take the time and effort to hone or strop your straight. A quick change of blades and you would be ready to go.
For the person who wants a great shave without

########
Rank: 21
Score: 25.608717
Retrieved Text: This kit has everything you need to have a luxurious wet shave at home. Forget those expensive disposable cartridges! After lathering up with the Colonel Conk soap and brush, this traditional safety razor provides a fantastic shave without the cost of those disposable cartridges.
Including a Soligen German chrome safety razor and Colonel Conk badger hair brush, trusted brands in shaving implements, you know this kit will last. Kit also includes shaving brush stand, wooden bowl with soap and 5-pack of extra razor blades.
This shaving kits saves you $26.00 over buying the items separately!
This kit has everything you need to have a luxurious wet shave at home.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 25.585764
Retrieved Text: Gillette Sensor3 Sensitive Men’s Disposable Razor is the world’s #1 3-bladed male disposable razor sold (based on Nielsen sales data 07/2014 to 06/2015). The razor offers a smoother shave and has 100% better rinsing (vs Blue II). Great for sensitive skin, the razor has 3X more lubricants released (vs Blue II). A Pivoting Head adjusts to the contours of your face. Complete with a non-slip rubber handle for great control and maneuverability. Get up to 10 smooth shaves per razor.
They're nowhere near as good as the original 2 blade Sensor. They're not as precise and they don't last as long. Please listen to your customers and bring them back.
How are they to be disposed of? No info on the pack or you websites.
I like the sensor, forced to try sensor3. AVOID. For the love of god bring back sensor, the only gillette razor that works A lifelong customer to no customer.. "The best a man can get" -- not anymore!
No life in the blade, more than two blades and I might as well be shaving with a cheese grater. Bring back the Sensor 2 at least it could into all the nooks and crannies. Gillette have lost my custom.
Very rough shave that left me with razor burn/rash. By comparison an old Sensor Excel blade that had been used at least 5 times was far sharper.
Nice clean, close shave. Leaving smooth clean looking skin.
Please recommend a Gillette product which stops just above the skin rather than continuing through it to the root of the hair follicle?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 25.423735
Retrieved Text: Coupon deals where you can wind up making money at the end!
Rite Aid MONEY MAKER – Garnier FREE Plus $1.02!
HOT!! Big MONEYMAKER at CVS 1/5 – 1/11 on Tena Products!
Walmart: McCormick Seasoning Mix, $0.36 Money Maker!
Chobani Champions Tubes Money Maker at TARGET!
Moneymaker on Suave Products at GIANT EAGLE 8/22-8/28!
Biore Cleanser Free (with overage!) at Walmart!
This coming Sunday’s paper will have a high-value BIC disposable razor coupon, so that will make for FREE razors at Walmart! Here’s how: BIC Silky Touch Disposable Razors, 10ct $2.96 Use $3/1 BIC Disposable Razors (SS, 8/11) Final Cost: FREE + $0.04MM! Thanks Coupon Clippin Daddy!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 25.345837
Retrieved Text: This is a guest post from Seán Treacy, owner of Manly Stuff.
Have you ever thought about the evolution of the shaving razor you’re using? Probably not but it’s an interesting story of need, opportunity and greed.
This article is a quick read of the beginnings of the cartridge razor and why a double edged safety razor is still a better investment.
By double edged safety razor, we are of course referring to the fantastic DE Safety razors, just like the ones that we make at manly stuff. It’s double edged because a single blade is exposed on both sides for shaving with.
Safety razors began their popular rise during World War I then grew exponentially during World War II with a sharp decline in the ’60s.
So what happened to the beautiful safety razor and why the decline?
The double edged safety razor initially took off to replace the ultimate shaving accessory, the straight razor.
A straight razor is a single blade made from some form of steel and is the benchmark when it comes to a hot towel shave or barbershop shave. A straight razor requires quite a bit of upkeep and care to ensure the blade stays sharp and in good condition.
The double edged safety razor had a replaceable blade that didn’t need to be stropped and there was less chance of nicking yourself with little technique needed to get a great shave. This ensured its popularity caught fire as men could get a super close and smooth shave in half the time and with half the effort of a

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.285934
Retrieved Text: is increasing the demand of wet shave products for women. Were used to whipping around with razors, he said. Moreover, events like national men&apos;s grooming day encourage men to change their grooming style. The manufacturers use different marketing techniques to project a different image of their product in consumers mind. Harris, Edgewell Personal Care, Edwin Jagger, Godrej, Johnson Johnson, L&apos;Oreal, Procter Gamble., Period, Proraso, Raymond Group, Super-Max, Taylor of Old Bond Street, Unilever, and Vi-John. Battery-operated razors offer the dual advantage of a shaving and grooming device. In April 2014, P G launched its improved razor product called Gillette Fusion ProGlide with FlexBall. The wet shave is the conventional method getting clean shave where there is the usage of water, gels, lotions and shaving creams. On the basis of product type the market is segmented as disposable razors, non-disposable razors, shaving lotions and creams, and blades and razor cartridges. Mastey, a creative adviser to Baxter of California, who did exactly that on his own inaugural safety-razor shave. The surging awareness of men about personal grooming and their looks is one of the key factors driving the growth of the market. The introductions of hybrid razors with dual advantages are expected to have a positive impact on the market, thereby contributing to the market growth during the forecast period.
On the basis of product type the market is segmented as disposable razors. The razor-blade business model is the best example of how product innovation can e nable innovation in an entire business model.
Its safer than the old blade-right-on-the-neck

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.231825
Retrieved Text: Buy Razor Blades for your Health Club or Spa facility that are inexpensive but quality one time use razors. Providing razor blades for clientele at high end spas, hotels, and health clubs is a standard service that should add to the pampering for your customers. The Razor Blade Company sells several different types of disposable razor blades for large-scale hospitality usage. Our blades are made from stainless steel featuring one, two, three, or four blades on a fixed or pivot head razor. All razors come with a safety cap and some razors are available in individually wrapped plastic pouches. Our razor blades are made using high quality steel that enables these single-use razors to shave nick-free every time.
Our customers include Gyms and Health Clubs, Spas, as well as institutional use such as mental health or correctional facilities. The common factor among these facilities is the need for bulk purchases of single-use disposable razor blades. Spas and Athletic Clubs opt for our double blade, pivot head razor blade sold 1400 blades in a case. Correctional facilities favor more our inexpensive white single blade, fixed head razors. Some Correctional facilities have requested bright colored razor blades, so as to avoid disguising the shaver. We recommend our pink colored twin blade razors when these factors are a concern. For high end or multiple shave uses, try our individually wrapped MATRIX razors. Each razor has 3 blades, a pivot head, safety cap, and grip handle.
When looking for razors for large hospitality uses, The Razor Blade Co. has an excellent selection

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.16482
Retrieved Text: Advertisement -- Gillette Safety Razor.
Half page advertisement for the Gillette Safety Razor, Combination Set No. 00.
The original Gillette Company was founded by King Camp Gillette (January 5, 1855 – July 9, 1932) as the American Safety Razor Company on September 28, 1901. He changed the company's name to Gillette Safety Razor Company in July 1902. Although several models of safety razor were already in existence, Gillette's innovation was the thin, inexpensive, disposable blade of stamped steel. Gillette is widely credited with inventing the “razor and blades” business model, where razors are sold cheaply to increase the market for blades, but in actuality he adopted this model after his competitors. Currently a brand of Procter & Gamble, Gillette continues to produce safety razors as well as other personal care products.
Volume 59, number 1526, page 235.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.11377
Retrieved Text: Limit of 2 identical coupons. Be the first to learn save on refillable and disposable razors, as well as shaving with the Coupon Sherpa weekly and the gals. You may pay sales tax. Excludes 1-ct, Slim Twin 2-ct of products and quantities stated. Limit of one coupon per. Find razors for both men may not be combined on unauthorized internet distribution is strictly.
Limit ONE coupon per purchase altered, or reproduced from original. Specially marked items, such as may not be combined on for popular brands like Schick. Find razors for both men and women and save on not be eligible for Digital. Be the first to learn save on refillable and disposable razors, as well as shaving creams for both the guys and the gals. Clean cut shaves are what. Not valid in Puerto Rico. Excludes 1-ct, Slim Twin 2-ct. Limit one coupon per purchase per household per day. The Art of Shaving coupons. These coupons will help you about new coupons and deals is not just a broadcast free bottle, just pay the aid. Digital Coupons and paper coupons Clearance or Manager's Specials may the purchase of a single. You must pay sales tax. I've been taking it steadily for only about two weeks but the magnitude of the. Limit of one coupon per. VOID if transferred, sold, auctioned, sold at WalMart) only contain bottle and do not deviate. Never miss another coupon. Coupon cannot be redeemed for. Valid at Spartan Stores.
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.098106
Retrieved Text: 3 blade disposable razors manufacturer, your reliable supplier WangLi Shaver Manufacturing Company is specialized in single blade disposable razor, double blade razor and 3 blade razor for men and women. Founded in 2009, today it has grown as a large manufacturing with more than 160 employees, 2 buildings cover 10,000 square meters workshop, 20 set plastic injection machines, 10 sets automatically assembly systems, 4 sets packing machines, and the annual product capability of 150 million pieces disposable shaving razor.
After shaving, many people touch the skin with their hands to see if they are clean enough, but often they will find that there are some beards lack of shaving, which will destroyed the overall effect of shaving.
Solution: For more thorough shaving, it is recommended to use a manual razor. Pay attention to apply the shaving foam or shaving gel. After cleaning face with a cleansing lotion, apply a hot towel to the beard area for 3-5 minutes. This make pore fully loose, and the beard get softened, then use shaving foam or gel, gently spread the beard area and massage to make the foam fully, and then begin the shaving procedure.
If there is a red dot on the chin or neck after shaving, it is usually because the shaving preparation is not enough, the beard is hard, and the beard pulls the pores during the shaving process, causing the root capillaries to burst and bleed.
Solution: Before shaving, be sure to fully soften the beard and keep the razor blade sharply. The dull blade must cause the pores

================



======= Instance Index 27 =========
Input Text: A doctor admonished a patient that medicine alone wasn't enough, what else did the patient need?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- will to survive
- wait in lobby
- take pills
- proper diet
- appear better

Target Text: will to survive

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 38.479874
Retrieved Text: Artworks created during the course of UNE student project Compassionate Touch. UNE Dental Medicine students collaborated with Creative and Fine Arts faculty and Dental Medicine faculty to create the film Compassionate Touch, focusing on five stages associated with anxious dental patients, as depicted through artwork, interprofessional interviews and scholarly sources. The film highlights the current understanding and management of the dental needs for high fear patients before, during, and after their visit to the dentist, and how interprofessional health care providers can assist patients to achieve quality patient-centered care.
First image is a photograph of the five artworks taken while they were displayed in UNE's Portland Campus Art Gallery during the exhibition Wonder, held February-March, 2016.
ARTIST STATEMENT: Anxiety and fear may cause a overwhelming feeling of constriction throughout a person’s body. They may experience involuntary shaking, nausea, vomiting, or shortness of breath. The suffering is not always visible and patients do not always reveal the underlying cause of their anxiety. As healthcare providers, we need listen to identify. The chaotic textures and colors in the painting illustrate the complexity of fear/anxiety the patient may be experiencing.
ARTIST STATEMENT: It’s okay to not feel okay. It’s okay to feel vulnerable, because patients are placed in vulnerable positions. They cannot physically see or possibly even comprehend what is happening in their mouth. Any part of the dental visit (overstimulation, brightness, anesthetic injections, pain, trauma, sounds, and/or other dental experiences) may negatively affect the patient and prevent them from receiving the quality care that they need.
ARTIST STATEMENT: As the title suggests,

########
Rank: 1
Score: 37.927467
Retrieved Text: Naturopathy: Why Fight It if It Works for Some?
Not long ago, I published a blog post entitled ‘No Need for War between Naturopathic and Allopathic Medicine’. In that post, I addressed the ongoing contention between naturopathic and allopathic medicine; contention that is not only unhealthy for patients but also completely unnecessary. I want to follow-up in this post by addressing what seems to be a logical question: why fight against naturopathy if it works for some patients?
I see all kinds of patients in my office every day. Some come to me after having attempted –to no avail – to address an ongoing medical issue via allopathic medicine. Others come to see me without any history of allopathic treatment. It matters not to me either way. My regular patients visit my office because the care and treatments they receive work for them.
I will be the first to admit that naturopathy does not work in every case. But I have also been practicing medicine long enough to know that allopathic treatment doesn’t work in every case either. What we should all be focusing on is what works best for the individual patient.
The whole point of practicing any kind of medicine is to create the best possible outcome for the patient. It is the same goal regardless of whether you are dealing with allopathic, naturopathic, Eastern, or any other kind of medicine. Where we doctors run into trouble is in determining what constitutes the best possible outcome.
We doctors have a bad habit of acting as though our training and

########
Rank: 2
Score: 37.92527
Retrieved Text: Doctors have largely replaced the manghihilot (traditional healer) as the face of health in the Philippines. Although traditional medicine is still widely-practiced in the country, particularly in the rural areas, doctors are the standard of care.
But health must be seen as a continuum, a function in terms of a country's cultural history. If you compare and contrast between Western medicine and traditional healers today, Western medicine has the upper hand. But in the historical context, they must be seen as successors of these healers, and as fillers of their shoes they must know that these hilots, however much they may be belittled today, have set the standards of healing in the country. Anything that falls short of this standard might lead to disappointment in the part of the public to whom doctors cater.
Thus doctors must know how medicine was practiced before they came along. A lot of doctors complain that patients do not follow their instructions. How well a patient follows doctors' orders is termed as compliance. Compliance is very important because the patient ('client' is now emerging as a preferred term) is a partner in health care. And if he or she fails in some way, the treatment might not be successful. For instance, many antibiotics have to be taken for 7 days and no less, or else drug resistance might set in. Compliance, aside from lack of education and poverty, is dependent on rapport. And rapport is in turn dependent on how well the doctor satisfies the patients' expectations.
That is why in the public

########
Rank: 3
Score: 37.662094
Retrieved Text: Dr. Mary Catherine Beach describes fundamental problems and solutions in doctor-patient communication. Dr. Beach is Associate Professor in the Division of General Internal Medicine and Core Faculty, Berman Institute of Bioethics and Welch Center for Prevention, Epidemiology, and Clinical Research at Johns Hopkins University. Her research interests include physician-patient relationships and communication, respect, bioethics, health care quality for vulnerable populations, HIV, and sickle-cell disease.
In part 1 of a two-part program, Dr. Beach describes why doctor/patient communication matters. She points out that patients need to be heard. We discuss that doctors not only need to listen but that doctors also need to convey to patients that the doctor is listening and hears the patient. Doctors also need to communicate treatment plans effectively so that patients are able to buy in and use treatment effectively.
Dr. Beach points out that research studies have documented common communication problems between doctors and patients. She suggests that doctors are trained to unload too much information, and don’t often ask patients’ opinions about what patients want to know.
In part 2 of this two-part program, Dr. Beach describes some of the many things doctors can do better regarding patient communication. A key skill is empathic or reflective listening, something that comes in handy at home with a spouse, too. Instead of only focusing on fixing problems, doctors may find it helpful to take time to acknowledge patients’ feelings and emotions.
Another valuable tool is for patients and doctors to set an agenda so that time is used efficiently and all patients’ concerns are addressed. Simply

########
Rank: 4
Score: 37.518684
Retrieved Text: Recent surveys show that at least 50% of doctors would leave medicine if they could. The road to becoming a doctor is challenging and loaded with hard work.
The road out of clinical medicine is not easy, but it is certainly easier for you to find a great non-clinical job at any stage in your medical career than it was for you to get accepted into medical school and become a licensed physician.
Find out if you should follow up on your itch to get out of patient care. A non-clinical job is the right move for some doctors, but not all. These are the top 10 signs that you need to get serious about finding a non-clinical career.
1.You are more interested in your work activities outside of patient care than you are in your clinic or hospital work. If you are more enthusiastic when listening to a seminar or dabbling in medical technology, research, writing or editing articles, teaching, consulting or serving on committees than you are when seeing patients-then it is about time for you to get paid for doing non-clinical work.
2. You don't look forward to patient care. It may sound like the most emblematic of 'first world problems,' to look for a job you would prefer over being a doctor, but after all of the studying and training and test taking that you have done, you have earned the right to a job that you look forward to. Most importantly, there are jobs that you may like more, so there is no reason to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 37.47891
Retrieved Text: The progress in medical technology, hygiene, and pharmaceutics hasn’t stemmed chronic illness–which takes up an astonishing 75% of our healthcare spending. Body pains and aches, migraines, GI issues and irritable bowel syndrome, racing heart…If tackling these conditions just using traditional medicine doesn’t work, what can help? Dr. Aditi Nerurkar M.D., a Harvard-trained physician and named “Top Breakthrough in Integrative Medicine” by the Huffington Post and profiled on the Wall Street Journal, CNN, NPR, and others, proposes integrative medicine, the mind-body connection, and stress management. As an integrative physician, Dr. Nerurkar prescribes not only medication, but also un-traditional therapies such as meditation, yoga, and tai chi for her patients at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston.
PD: How did you become interested in studying integrative medicine?
PD: How do you define the term “integrative medicine”?
AN: Integrative medicine, the way I define it, is a complementary therapy. I don’t use the word “alternative.” I actually say that it’s an “unconventional” therapy that is evidence-based, so always backed by science, and used as an adjunct in conventional medical care. It’s used as part of the larger medical picture and it’s part of the treatment plan as devised by a physician.
PD: What did you research as an Integrative Medicine Fellow at Harvard Medical School?
AN: For my first study, I discovered this survey called the NHIS, the National Health Interview Survey, that asks patients in the U.S. various questions. What we found was that nearly 6.4 million Americans were recommended mind-body therapies like yoga, meditation, relaxation training, tai chi, etc. No one

########
Rank: 6
Score: 37.035103
Retrieved Text: How to be A Doctor in Malaysia: Are you a real doctor?
When we talk about doctor, not many knew about how someone eventually can hold that title. For most people, to be a medical doctor, you need to enter medical school and miraculously be a doctor 5-6 years later.
Everyone is correct, to be a doctor, the first step is to step into a medical school. To be accepted into a medical school, a person or a student must excel in his or her A-level exam, matriculation, or anything similar to that. In Malaysia, there are quite a lot of medical school however we need to understand that not all medical school were acknowledge or accredited to teach real medicine. Most public University in Malaysia are safe as all have gone through a strict quality assessment and accreditation process before they can produce a medical graduates. Some private college however, does not comply with the standard, thus choosing a medical school is an important step to do. One must not simply enter any medical school and be a doctor.
I will not discussed on details on how a medical school being assessed in its quality, although all medical school that are acknowledge usually will have enough teacher, facilities, and a well structured programmed to learn medicine.
Medical school usually offered 5 or 6 years program consist of theory and practical aspect of medicine. During this 5 years of study, student will be 'forced' to memorised all the anatomy of a human body (dissect a cadaver while doing that), understand

########
Rank: 7
Score: 36.896877
Retrieved Text: Despite the years, I have not talked about this case. It is not a privacy – HIPAA problem, rather I did not want to upset the patient and family. I am not certain that was the right decision; at the time, it seemed best. Still, the patient died, the family moved on, and I carry a guilty memory.
It was after deteriorating months of corrosive cancer that we met. Multiple systems were failing; kidneys, lungs, blood. She had received aggressive care by well meaning doctors and great support from a loving family. Tests, treatment and pain. No stone unturned. No stone except the right one.
The doctors thought she had “Disease A.” They missed when “Disease A” changed to “Disease B.” This second illness, “Disease B,” was aggressive, horrible and not curable. Any chance of control required a completely different approach.
Her doctors did not understand what was happening. As they worked to control the wrong illness, the patient fell apart. This was not from lack of trying or lack of insurance or lack of thought. It was from lack of training.
It required physicians trained in a different specialty. The patient needed, desperately, to see a medical oncologist. However, like the old adage “if all you have is a hammer, the world looks like a nail,” the treating doctors worked hard to cure an illness, “Disease A,” that was not there.
The doctors were of a specialty not trained in Disease B. This happens all the time. If I am seeing a patient who has lung cancer and they develop

########
Rank: 8
Score: 36.76319
Retrieved Text: In his novel The End of the Affair, Graham Greene wrote, “It's strange how the human mind swings back and forth, from one extreme to another.” As with individuals, so with society: the pendulum tends to swing. In the history of the medical profession, one can observe the same tendency concerning the respective roles of doctor and patient.
Traditionally, a patient who wanted to enjoy good health was counselled, “Follow the doctor’s orders.” In a society when the masses were poorly educated, and physicians well educated, such counsel made sense. But that approach sometimes led to unhealthy paternalism, with doctors disregarding legitimate concerns and wishes of patients.
Now the pendulum has swung. In a culture where ordinary people are better educated, where adherence to authority has declined and the value of individual autonomy has greatly risen, the doctor-patient relationship is much changed. Physicians are now expected to closely consider patient perspective.
But sometimes that approach goes too far, when a doctor defers too readily to a patient’s unreasonable or unethical wishes, for an abortion or an assisted suicide, for example. When a physician abdicates conscience, we end up with the doctor following the patient’s orders. That is unhealthy for the practice of medicine.
The solution is not to revert to unquestioning paternalism where a patient blindly follows the doctor’s orders. The solution is for doctor and patient to together seek what is medically best, without on the other hand, having the patient impose their values on the doctor.
It comes down to the question of what it means to be medical

########
Rank: 9
Score: 36.63429
Retrieved Text: Dr. Bauer is an old school tell it like it is doctor. He is not a everything is awesome person. He is a caring and professional pediatrician who will look out for his patients.
Wish I could give less than a 1 star. Environment wasn't welcoming by any means. The doctor was not friendly, did not smile, and seemed to not care at all. I Would never recommend this place to anyone. I am surprised he still has a practice.
Did not introduce himself, even greet teens. Rude. No eye contact. Could not answer questions, said he'd call (never did) Insisted be left alone with teen (girl and a boy) for examination! Actual said he would not complete the physical with Parent in room!! No lab coat, ratty old sweater and jeans, from patient to patient. Friend advised me NOT take kids there, should have listened.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 36.549213
Retrieved Text: However, the patient’s needs, wants, and expectations are more important than my own. She is the center of her health.
Ask the patient what her priorities are – whether in the moment, or in general.
Doctors are talking a lot these days about being “patient-centered,” but most of it, especially at the institutional level, is feel-good boilerplate without much bite. Eventually we need to get to realizable behaviors that every practitioner is expected to adhere to. At this stage, we need to advance from general principles to more detailed statements. This is what I am trying to do here.
Zackary Berger, MD, PhD, is an internist and epidemiologist at the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine in Baltimore, with a joint appointment at the Johns Hopkins School of Public Health and Associate Faculty at the Johns Hopkins Berman Institute of Bioethics. He maintains an active practice as a primary care doctor and precepts in the residents’ adult medicine clinic.
His research centers on the role of the primary care doctor in cancer care, particularly prostate cancer, and doctor-patient communication in general. He is particularly interested in how provider and patient can navigate through situations of medical uncertainty buttressed by an ongoing caring relationship. Berger’s book, Talking To Your Doctor, came out in 2013, and his next book, Making Sense of Medicine, is due out in 2016.
Wish he could be my doc.
One more request of doc these days.
and suggests the patient is not at top of doc’s mind.
Tell the patient what options are available AND the strength of the evidence for those

########
Rank: 11
Score: 36.439507
Retrieved Text: A patient was being admitted to the emergency room (ER) for dizziness. He also had a dry mouth and blurry vision. The doctor treating him stated that he was exhibiting symptoms of diabetes. The bloodwork and other preliminary tests confirmed the diagnosis of prediabetes. After the patient was stabilized and conscious, the doctor gave him discharge instructions. The doctor told the patient that the patient could control his condition and avoid developing diabetes and the need for medication if the patient reformed his diet. The doctor prescribed nutritional counseling and follow-up visits with the patient’s primary physician. The patient asked for medication instead, and the doctor told him that lifestyle changes would resolve the issues and diabetes could be prevented without the need for medication.
The patient goes home and decides that he does not want to make a lifestyle change and would rather just wait until he needs the medication because it will be easier. He ignores the doctor’s instructions and forgets all about them. After several months, he starts to have numbness in his toes, but since it does not hurt, he ignores it. Eventually, he starts to have the same symptoms he had before in addition to the numbness.
He faints at home and is rushed to the emergency room. A different doctor treats him and assesses his situation. He is diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes. He now has permanent nerve damage in his foot and is prescribed a very expensive medicine he will probably be on for the rest of his life.
Since his last

########
Rank: 12
Score: 36.401302
Retrieved Text: Shine Health and Wellness is designed around elevating the patient/doctor relationship. We are giving the gift of time back to the visit with 60 minute initial visits allowing the patient to tell their story and to allow the physician to see the whole person and all of the variables at play. Deep dive laboratory analysis and an extensive physical examination is done to look for root causes to problems and providing education along the way.
A personalized care plan is designed and patients are then partnered with the rest of the care team, patients are partnered with the lifestyle coach to empower and encourage patients to reach their health goals. Our mission is to help people establish sustainable optimal health and wellness and our vision is empowering people through partnership to identify and eliminate barriers to optimal health and wellness.
Partnering with you for optimal health through personalized, evidence base care.
The patient and physician are partners in the healing process.
All factors which influence health, wellness and disease are considered, including body, mind, and spirit.
The physician uses multiple approaches to facilitate the body's innate healing response.
The care is personalized to each person's unique conditions and needs.
Good medicine is rooted in evidence based medicine.
Optimal health and not merely the absence of disease is the goal.
To help people establish sustainable optimal health and wellness.
Empowering people through partnership to identify and eliminate barriers to optimal health and wellness.
"Having Dr. Shine as my doctor is like having a doctor in the family."
"I began this journey into medicine in 1996 when I entered USC

########
Rank: 13
Score: 36.110546
Retrieved Text: This post is a result of collaboration with one of the sharpest healthcare minds – Dr Nathalie Martinek. Nathalie is a physician & healthcare professional, wellbeing mentor and educator from Melbourne.
You welcome your frightened patient nicely to show your empathic side right from the start. After you have negotiated a shared agenda they give a brief explanation of the history while you enter data on the computer.
A few more close-ended questions, some physical checks if necessary, and everything is set and done for the final act.
You’re ready to deliver the perfect solution, one that you come up with after processing all the information in eight to fifteen highly intensive minutes.
After being treated, and hearing what you had to say, the patient leaves the office space for another person who has come for solution also.
The line is moving, as long as you generate “solutions” fast enough, everyone will be satisfied.
Yeah, that’s how it works in today’s healthcare, and that is exactly the opposite of how it should.
I can’t underestimate the power of fast decisions when they’re needed – when a patient is bleeding, you need to stop a haemorrhage.
But in 90% of regular doctor-patient interactions, slowing things down is a much better option.
It allows you to scratch below the surface, to find what else is happening beyond physical symptoms. You’re in a better position to discover how patients perceive their diagnosis and how possible treatments might affect the most important aspects of their lives.
When you’re treating the person, these things are equally important as “being right”.
They directly

########
Rank: 14
Score: 36.11006
Retrieved Text: Having been in a significant motorcycle accident when I was younger, I learned the value of a great orthopedic surgeon. In medical school, I did a rotation in orthopedics and it seemed to me that they were the happiest group of physicians.
Orthopedics involves significant manual and physical involvement. During my summers off from college, I worked on construction sites with many power tools. Total joint replacement utilizes similar types of tools.
Total hip arthroplasty (replacement) because the rewards are so great for patients.
Motorcycling, walking my dogs, bicycling, and snow skiing.
It is a practice of medicine that allows a direct hands-on approach that can rapidly improve a patient’s lifestyle and function.
Orthopedics gives me the fulfillment of mastering ever-advancing procedures in the pursuit of the best possible clinical outcomes for my patients. I could not see myself in any other career.
Joint replacement surgery because of how quickly it can improve a patient’s life.
With my wife and three children enjoying the outdoors. In my free time, I like doing home improvement projects.
I value honesty, integrity and respect. These values make up the foundation of my practice and are critical to building a good rapport with my patients and colleagues.
I've always been fascinated by the way things work and by fixing things. I actually first went to school for mechanical engineering. I thought about being a doctor, but didn't have the money for all of the schooling. So I earned both my Bachelors and Masters degrees in Mechanical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). I worked in the field

########
Rank: 15
Score: 36.10265
Retrieved Text: Shrut: Doctor should be well versed in his theoretical knowledge. He should have a clear vision about his field.
Bahusho Drishta Karma: Doctor should have an extensive practical experience in the fields of clinical diagnosis, pharmacology and treatment.
Dakshya: Doctor should have a good presence of mind and should render his services promptly in need.
Shauch: Doctor should follow the medical ethics whole heartily.
Smruti (memory): The patient should have a good memory as regards to the dos and don’ts as advised by the doctor.
Nirdesha karitvam (obedience): It means the patient should obey and follow his doctor completely.
Abhiruta (courage in facing disease): The patient must have the courage or dare to face the disease and not get dishearted or depressed by his problem.
Gyapakatvam (ability in describing the disease): The patient must give a proper and clear view about his disease or provides detailed history of his present complaint, past history of disease (if any), drug history (if any) etc.
Bahuta (abundance): Availability of medicines should be in large quantity, so that no shortage will be there when required.
Yogyatvam (applicability): The medicine should be potent enough and capable of treating the disease without any side effects.
Anekvidh Kalpana (utilised in various forms): The medicine must be capable to form different types of combinations to get the desired results.
The medicine must have a potency of not being effected by seasonal changes, worms etc.
Upchar yogyata: The person for this purpose must be well trained in their profession.
Dakshata: The person should be skilful with a good presence of mind while assisting the doctor.
Bhartari: The person should

########
Rank: 16
Score: 35.976418
Retrieved Text: Topotecan works by interfering with the growth of cancer cells, which are then eventually destroyed.
Due to the way the medicine works, other normal cell growth can also be affected by the medicine. The seriousness of the condition and the medicine used to treat it means there are other effects which could arise, any serious ones must be reported to the doctor immediately by the patient.
As with medications of this nature, there are various side effects that can affect the patient, Topotecan can lower the patient's white blood cell count in their blood, this can then increase the chance of them getting an infection.
Some of these side effects do not need medical attention and as the body adjusts to the medicine, they tend to go away during treatment.
If a patient has concerns they can discuss these with their healthcare professional, who will be able to offer advice on ways to prevent or reduce some of these side effects.
As always, a patient can check with their healthcare professional in regards to any of the described side effects, if they are particularly bothersome or they have concerns.
If a patient is to complete a course of Topotecan, they will receive this medicine while they are in a hospital or cancer treatment center. A nurse or other trained health professional will give this medicine to the patient.
The medicine is administered via intravenous injection into one of the veins.
Usually treatment is given every day for 3 to 5 days. This 3-day or 5-day treatment is given again every 21 days until the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 35.87873
Retrieved Text: articleoo777 - Must You Develop into a Sonographer or perhaps a Medical Associate?
The usage of the patient's specific identity, this will help to make certain that the medical interpreter is provided the right medical data for the particular patient for interpretation. If any error happens that various information regarding the medical solutions is translated for a different individual, medical errors have that occurs; ergo the medical history of the in-patient showing the name of the patient, admission time, is important since it includes the medication given for the patient.
Avoiding medical errors in the model method is partly the role of the in-patient, a patient is meant presenting all the prior medical reports, including all the medications which were used, this assists a doctor to learn what next step to decided if your unique medicine did not function, otherwise a doctor can provide back exactly the same medication prescription which all through the procedure of interpretation, prepared in specific format and meaning.
Along with that the individual must also be careful Cialis Coupons observant to know which drugs may issues to his/her health. This basically letting the educated concerning the remedies that the in-patient is sensitive to because, during the meaning method, the interpreter's work is to speak what the physician mentions.
Medical errors can be avoided if the doctor's medications to the in-patient may obviously be understood by the interpreter, thus the interpreter must be sharp, receptive and a great listener when the doctor is speaking with the individual, this can make the meaning correct and effective with

########
Rank: 18
Score: 35.855637
Retrieved Text: In recent times, communication technology has become more sophisticated, which has influenced the growth of a new way to practice medicine and that is telemedicine. Let’s dig more about the complex of telecommunication and information technology and know more about healthcare.
Telemedicine uses technology to connect doctors with patients via telephone or video chats. In its early days, telemedicine was used only in a few cases. One such case would be when a patient had a problem beyond the scope of a general practitioner. The general practitioner would use technology to connect the patient with a specialist who may not have been near the patient, making treatment and diagnosis more accurate.
Since then, telemedicine has expanded in its use. Telemedicine now allows patients who cannot leave home or who have work to connect with a physician more easily. It not only is convenient for the patient, but it also allows the patient to be seen by a doctor more often than usual, improving overall health. Telemedicine also helps doctors see more patients in a day, making it a useful tool to keep things running smoothly.
An e-visit works similarly to an in-person visit. The visit will last around ten minutes, but more time can be added to ensure all points of concern are covered. The most significant difference is that the patient does not need to take time off of work or leave home. The visit can be conducted at the place most convenient to the patient at that moment. It will be done through the phone camera or

########
Rank: 19
Score: 35.78828
Retrieved Text: In general, addiction medicine can be said to be a medical field that emphasizes on addictive behaviors treatment and resolution. This specialty incorporates a multi-disciplinary strategy to addiction medicine. Time and again, medical supervision, mental health specialists, as well as social services support, will be highly required by the patient to address the different issues that have caused the life of the addictive behavior of the individual. Harm reduction, withdrawal, detoxification individual and group therapeutic interventions and rehabilitation are some of the processes that are addressed by addiction medicine specialists, like Akikur Reza Mohammad MD.
The role of an addiction medicine doctor is to regularly supervise rehabilitation centers where a patient is supported medically in undergoing withdrawal from the addictive substance. In a rehabilitation program that is comprehensive, the patient will as well engage in both the group and individual therapy sessions to address all the underlying psychological problems propelling his or her behavior of addiction. Among the available addiction medicine doctors, some have internal medicine background and will as well offer general health care to those patients who are having health problems.
When looking for the best addiction medicine doctor for instance Dr. Akikur Mohammad, the first thing you are required to do is to make an appointment with a primary care physician. A family doctor can easily determine what kind of nutritional or medical as well as emotional support required to be given to the patient during the process of withdrawal. You can them ask to see the documents of the doctor to see if he

########
Rank: 20
Score: 35.692333
Retrieved Text: Medicine is part science. Part art.
The relationship between physicians and patients is at the core of healing. This begins with hearing and understanding. Let’s reimagine healthcare—where physicians can get back to the patient.
Doctors are frustrated with the burden of documentation and how it cuts into patient care. Hope is on the horizon with technology that keeps up.
What matters most to patients when it comes to their interactions with physicians and what do they value in their overall healthcare experience?
Navigating the shifting tides in healthcare while giving physician and patients what they need most. Read their perspectives, suggestions and points of view.
View the infographic to see how next-generation workflows allow physicians to spend less time on documentation and more time with patients.
Doctors have to be more places than ever. Yet, documentation keeps them in front of a computer for 43% of the day. No wonder 88% are stressed out.
Nuance commissioned a survey of more than 3,000 people across the U.S., UK, and Germany to discover what matters in the patient experience. The average office visit lasts 12 minutes and not all patient-physician interactions have the same meaningful impact. Find out how patients feel about doctors, technology, engagement, and the healthcare experience.
A technologist’s view on why clinical documentation created through clicks and checkboxes has compromised the patient story.
Physicians and tech design. The future of apps and communications outside the EHR powered by voice.
To be successful, providers need to know what patients want and expect from their healthcare experience.
One busy doctor produced enough EMR documents to equal 40, 400-page

########
Rank: 21
Score: 35.550537
Retrieved Text: My mother is a “beautician”, the suffix -ician denoting a person skilled in the prefix, beauty, or more simply a hairdresser. Growing up my kitchen always smelled of ammonia and hair bleach, and my kitchen sink was used as a makeshift shampoo bowl. My mother pierced my own ears at four months old; her hair was a different length, style, or color, every other day. But when my brother was diagnosed, she stopped dying her hair and no longer wore high heels. This may sound frivolous, but if you knew my mom, you would understand the gravity of this change. I was ten when this happened, old enough to understand the situation surrounding me but young enough to automatically be deemed an undiscerning child. I sat in the hospital for months observing, watching my mom and my image of beauty washed away from the despair of not being able to save her child. That is when I discovered a different type of beauty; the beauty in a doctor’s care for their patient.
Once again I found myself in a hospital, this time at the age of 21, brushing the hair stuck to my mother’s sunken, diaphoretic face with my fingers. I managed to remove the hair-tie wrapped around my ponytail and tied her long, black, ammonia-scented hair behind her neck. She would not let me remove her makeup or jewelry. My family, unwilling to make medical decisions when my mother lost her heartbeat, legally deemed me her healthcare proxy. Now in control of my mother’s care, the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 35.51253
Retrieved Text: THE HOSPITALIST: Dr. Bean on call.
What if you, during a stay in the hospital, knew that your internist was never farther than five minutes away? That you would know the results of blood work and X-rays quickly, and that your family would too, without having to make a 5 a.m. trip to the hospital to catch your doctor on rounds?
What if this hospital-based doctor made a visit by a specialist unnecessary, saving you extra tests or time in the hospital?
What if you could go home when you were ready instead of having to wait until your doctor had time to come to the hospital to discharge you?
You’d be a happier patient. Your insurance company might be happier, too. It’s a wonder this new development in medicine — care by a hospitalist internist — is only just now making its mark on American healthcare.
Hospitalists — internal medicine doctors who work primarily in a hospital rather than from an office — are the fastest growing group of doctors in the country. When the field was invented on the West Coast a decade ago, there were fewer than 1,000 hospitalists. Today, there are 12,000.
Primary care physicians are thrilled with the arrangement, said Bravo, 34, who’s worked in Little Rock with Internal Medicine Associates for the past six years, and Dr. Brian T. Bean, 32, who is employed by St. Vincent Infirmary Medical Center. Family practice doctors can see patients at their offices and avoid having to round at several hospitals.
Emergency rooms at Baptist and St. Vincent maintain lists of

########
Rank: 23
Score: 35.501522
Retrieved Text: CureFacts created the first ever Evidence Based Medicine platform: a meeting point between science, patients and doctors.
The scientific part of CureFacts solution includes our treatments database (based on statistical summaries from all valid clinical trials) and our clear-cut way of presenting this data (with intuitive rating of treatments, info-graphics and clear language). By combining these elements, CureFacts is bridging knowledge gaps, and making established scientific knowledge accessible to all.
Nevertheless, as it turns out, knowledge about what science tells us is not enough to determine which specific treatment may work best for a specific patient. In fact, the definition of Evidence Based Medicine1,2 includes three components: scientific validation of treatments, patients' preferences and doctors' experience. Only by combining these three components, can we make educated decisions and choose better treatments for a patient.
For this reason, CureFacts platform is designed to include not only scientific data, but also questionnaires about the patient's preferences, and a list of nearby recommended doctors when it is needed.
In the questionnaires, patients are asked about their subjective preferences: Can they tolerate pain? Do they prefer natural treatments or technological interventions? Is the cost of treatment important or negligible to them? Do they prefer intensive treatment with fast results, or milder treatment that takes longer to apply?
When patients answers such questions, their preferences are saved in their personal profile, and CureFacts' platform can recommend the most suitable treatments for them: options that are both scientifically valid and preferred by similar patients.
In addition, patients can save the recommended treatments for future reference. This will allow

########
Rank: 24
Score: 35.471004
Retrieved Text: I felt my ire rise when I read this article on CNN about how patients are giving their doctors headaches. Apparently, this video entitled "The Patient Who Knows Too Much", which is part of a training program aimed at doctors to help them deal with "difficult patients," has caused quite a stir.
In the presentation, three doctors comment on the challenges Will poses.
"They consider themselves an expert yet often their true medical knowledge is quite limited," says Dr. Joseph Scherger, vice president for primary care at Eisenhower Medical Center in Rancho Mirage, California, who says patients like Will are "indiscriminate" about the material they read online.
"Patients who present their expertise as telling you how to practice medicine are implicitly discounting your expertise," adds Leonard Haas, a psychologist at University of Utah School of Medicine.
"Sometimes these patients are very overweight. They're out of shape," Scherger adds. "They're on the Internet all the time."
When I read this, my blood started to boil and I had to do a little loving kindness meditation aimed at doctors to calm myself down. So I'm about to rant, but hopefully I'll be more loving than I would have been a few minutes ago.
Even the title of that video is condescending - the patient who knows too much. After all, how can an empowered patient know too much?
As a physician, I know EXACTLY what kind of patient these doctors are talking about. They show up with ten pages of info they've downloaded off the internet, and some of it is from sites of questionable

########
Rank: 25
Score: 35.45917
Retrieved Text: In part I we discussed the history of medicine as a science. This is part II in a series.
It is during a surgery rotation when a medical student perhaps feels least competent. Not only is there an enormous amount of book learning, there are the physical skills that take years to develop. Most of the time you pull on a retractor and answer questions, record vitals and pull out drains. My instructor, who in the OR hurled Spanish invectives like scalpels and called every med student, "Pullgoddamyou," was gentle as a kitten with conscious patients.
When I was in his office an elderly woman came in for a superficial biopsy. He had treated her for years and she trusted him. After spending time talking to her and calming her, he numbed up the area and went to work. But the patient was tearful, from the pain and also from the knowledge that the biopsy was not going to give her good news. I reached up and took her hand, then quickly released it, uncomfortable with my spontaneous act of intimacy. Dr. Gruff looked at me and said, "No! Hold her hand! That is compassion; that is being a doctor!"
Compassion can be learned, or at least a simulacrum of it. Hopefully it comes naturally to most doctors, but for those who it does not, and cannot be taught, there are specialties that don't involve much patient care. Radiology, pathology, and a few others involve very little patient interaction, but are essential to the modern practice of medicine. While

########
Rank: 26
Score: 35.37349
Retrieved Text: Dr. Wes: MOC Goes Mainstream - But Should It?
MOC Goes Mainstream - But Should It?
How should patients determine the quality of their doctor?
This is an interesting question that has now reached main stream media status as evidenced by the morning's Wall Street Journal "Health and Wellness" article by Laura Landro, a very accomplished veteran health care reporter.
With the best and brightest going in to medicine, the requirement for more rigorous training than anywhere else in the world by (some might say) "exceptional, world class" medical educators and longstanding ongoing mandated continuing medical education to maintain competency and licensure, why is there suddenly such concern over the quality of doctors in America? Most Americans have been very happy and trusting of the physician they knew and loved before - why the change?
Is it so that patients who must see new doctors in their new insurance plan can feel good that the new doctor (or nurse practitioner) is as good as the physician that has cared for them before?
Or perhaps it's because the huge Industrialized Certification Complex that foistied its Maintenance of Certification requirement every two years beginning 1 Jan 2014 upon America's physicians is finding unprecedented push-back from their member-physicians so a direct-to-consumer PR campaign was undertaken in an attempt to quell the unrest.
Or perhaps it's because the American Board of Medical Specialties, along with its 24 subsidiary professional organizations, feels there is a need to justify the salaries of the multiple specialty board members that often exceeds that of their physician members and whose salaries are

########
Rank: 27
Score: 35.22002
Retrieved Text: Alexis Gilroy, JD is a partner with the Jones Day law firm of Washington, DC. She served as a subject matter expert for the Federation of State Medical Boards, which recently issued its model policy for telemedicine.
My interpretation of FSMB’s model policy is that it focuses on trying to prevent online pill mills rather than expanding telemedicine, emphasizing that requirements are the same for both traditional visits and telemedicine encounters.
I think that’s right. Certainly to draw parallels between traditional in-person medicine and practicing medicine using telemedicine technologies. But really, there’s no difference. It’s still the practice of medicine with the same standard of care.
But the only caveat to that is that there are different standards that currently exist in some states for telemedicine services versus in-person services. The new policy would provide for more expansive use of telemedicine in contrast to states like Texas and Alabama and a new proposed rule in Tennessee, which limits the utilization of telemedicine without some prior in-person exam or visit or things like that.
Are FSMB’s model policies usually adopted by state medical boards without changes?
If we look back at a couple of different examples from other activities of the Federation, like their licensure and statement on where medical practice occurs, being where the patient is actually physically located … I went back to a paper letter they wrote in the 1980s that now we find most states have some form of either law or regulation that ties the location of where the practicing medicine occurs to the location of the

########
Rank: 28
Score: 35.21943
Retrieved Text: They were blue, the eyes of the first patient that I knew who died. It was a busy night in the emergency room, and also one of my first nights on call as a clinical clerk. I relished having my pager go off, feeling able to handle the problems that were coming my way. Patient with abdominal pain? No problem. I could handle it.
I arrived at the elderly man’s bedside, and immediately realized that he was in distress. As he was unable to answer my questions, I decided an abdominal exam would be the next best step. Crepitus. The word shot through my mind like a dagger.
Feeling my heart quicken, I told the patient that I would be right back. I knew that I needed to get help. He grabbed my arm and whispered, “I’m dying, don’t leave me alone.” The look in his cloudy blue eyes and his firm grasp on my arm made all of the noise in the emergency room melt away. I made a decision: I was not going to let this man die alone. I asked a nurse to page the resident, and stayed by his side.
It took hours before any family was located and even longer for his niece and nephew to make a decision with respect to their uncle’s care. For the first hour, if I so much as shifted a foot farther from his bed, I would end up with a firm grasp on my arm and another order: “don’t leave me alone to die.” Eventually, he became

########
Rank: 29
Score: 35.046276
Retrieved Text: Any information that an individual may need about injury should be asked to the doctor by the patient. Before being treated, it is essential that an individual ask the doctor some questions. Click the link More Info about personal injury.
Having the skills and knowledge required to a doctor that you meet in the hospital is obvious. A patient should not fear of asking a doctor about his experience as it is not bad. You can get information from him about the cases he has handled in regards to the injury as well as the types he has come across.
It is essential that a patient get to ask the doctor about his plans in regards to how he is going to handle the treatment. You should always ensure that you get to know the types of therapy that he is going to carry out as well as the time that will be taken. There is also need to ask the doctor about the expectation of the results. With all this information in mind, it will help you to be prepared and have in mind what the doctor will do. Check out the link for More Info about personal injuty doctors.
In regards to the medicine that you will be given by the doctor, there is a need to ask. Get to know the importance of that medicine and why it is given to you. Some people do have some other medicine, and it will be a good idea if it is asked a doctor. A question in regards

================



======= Instance Index 28 =========
Input Text: A doctor can prescribe an antibiotic in many forms, what type might have a gel coating?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- cure bacterial infection
- medicine cabinet
- capsule
- prescribed
- pharmacy

Target Text: capsule

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 38.45998
Retrieved Text: MRSA Testing: What is it? Why is it Important?
What is a MRSA test?
The only way to know if you have MRSA is by getting tested. You can look at infection photos and read all about the symptoms, but only a test can confirm what is causing your infection. Knowing what’s causing your infection is the first step to getting the right treatment and speeding your recovery.
There are different kinds of MRSA tests and the simplest and most common one (the culture test) is described below. Newer DNA based tests that are faster than culture tests can even produce results in a few hours. You can find out why testing is important lower down on the page.
The culture test takes a sample of your infection and grows the bacteria on a plate so it can be identified.
A culture test identifies what specific type of bacteria is causing your infection. The culture test is very simple, easy to perform and is relatively inexpensive. The first part of the test can be performed in your doctor’s office in just a few minutes. It then will take a few days to get the results back from the lab.
For skin infections, a swab sample is taken from the infected area.
Pus or fluid may also be collected from weeping wounds, abscesses or other types of skin infections.
Sputum may be collected for lung infections.
The swab (or sample) is then sent to a laboratory where the bacteria from the swab are grown on a round agar plate (a nutrient growth medium).
After growing enough bacteria

########
Rank: 1
Score: 37.5582
Retrieved Text: When bacteria infect and inflame a hair follicle, a painful pus-filled bump can form under your skin. This infected bump is a boil, also known as a furuncle, and it will grow larger and more painful until it ruptures and drains.
Most boils can be treated with a minor surgical procedure that includes opening and draining it. Sometimes you may need antibiotics to deal with the underlying infection.
What is the best antibiotic for boils?
The antibiotic your doctor will prescribe is based on your specific situation.
Not every antibiotic is going to work for you because some varieties — there are over 30 types — of staph have become resistant to certain antibiotics.
Before prescribing antibiotics, your doctor might suggest sending a sample of pus from the boil to a lab to determine the antibiotic that would be most effective.
What about over-the-counter options for boils?
Most over-the-counter (OTC) boil medications are focused on pain relief. There are no OTC antibiotics appropriate for treating a boil.
According to the American Osteopathic College of Dermatology, using OTC antibiotic ointment — such as Neosporin, bacitracin, or Polysporin — on your boil is ineffective because the medication won’t penetrate the infected skin.
Should I take all the antibiotics?
If the antibiotic is doing its job, you’ll start to feel better. Once you feel better, you might consider stopping the medication. You shouldn’t stop or you might get sick again.
Whenever you’re prescribed an oral antibiotic, take it as directed and finish all of the medication. If you stop taking it too soon, the antibiotic might not have killed all

########
Rank: 2
Score: 37.374306
Retrieved Text: Amoxil is a form of penicillin antibiotic that’s designed to combat bacteria. The generic name for it is (amoxicillin). Amoxil is made use of in order to help treat different forms of infection brought on because of bacteria. Some examples would include tonsillitis, bronchitis, pneumonia, gonorrhea, and infections of the ear, nose, throat, skin, or urinary tract. In some instances it can also be used in combination with other antibiotics.
One example of this would be the antibiotic clarithromycin (Biaxin). In this case the two can be used together in order to offer treatment for stomach ulcers brought on because of Helicobacter pylori infection. There are other uses for this medication not mentioned here, but will be determined by a doctor.
Is Amoxil is an antibiotic you can decide to stop using if it’s working really well shortly into treatment or should you only do this once a doctor has decided if it’s okay?
Depending on the infection you have you will be given a specific amount of this treatment that should be enough to fully treat it. A doctor will do their best to not prescribe more or less than what’s needed. The reason for this is because they want to make sure your bacterial infection is properly treated and they don’t want to over prescribe you the medication. Because this would increase the possibility of certain problems. One of them would be overuse. In the case of you using the medication too much you run the risk of causing certain bacteria to develop a resistance to it.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 37.1608
Retrieved Text: We are used to having our dentists clean our teeth, perform orthodontic procedures, and give pain medications if we feel discomfort after each process. But can dentists prescribe antibiotics the same way doctors can? Let’s also find out what antibiotics they can prescribe and what they are for.
Yes. Tooth infections caused by an injury, tooth decay, or even past dental procedures can transform from a simple toothache to a bacterial spread if left untreated. This bacterial infection may cause severe pain, swelling, and sensitivity to the teeth with the presence of abscess or pus. The spread of the disease may even reach your brain and become a life-threatening condition if no direct treatment to address the infection is offered.
What common antibiotics can a dentist prescribe?
Although dentists can prescribe antibiotics to their patients, we must know that not all tooth problems need antibiotics. Not all dental infections need antibacterials and other forms of medications. It is still your dentist’s educated decision if your condition requires antibiotics.
Antibiotics prescribed by dentists are usually for severe infection that may have extensively spread and has the potential to affect your immune system. Common antibiotic medications used by dentists include penicillin, amoxicillin, metronidazole, erythromycin, or clindamycin. The use of these medications depends on the type of bacteria that caused the infection. Your history of allergy to certain medicines will also rule out your use of specific antibiotics. You should inform your dentist of any allergies you may have to avoid unwanted complications and side effects.
How long should you take the antibiotics?
Patients take

########
Rank: 4
Score: 36.91481
Retrieved Text: BH Cool Designs Got benzoyl? Erythromycin is an antibiotic (macrolide-type). This medicine may interact with other drugs or health problems. Erythromycin is used to treat many different types of infections caused by bacteria. 95 $ 21 95. How to buy erythromycin erythromycin quetiapine 100mg erythromycin A Href Buy Celebrex ratiopharm 500 mg filmtabl where can i buy erythromycin topical solution usp 2 erythromycin cream Order Lotrisone Cream price in india erythromycin 500mg filmtab side effects why does erythromycin cost so much erythromycin 250 mg reviews Jul 28, 2018 · Erythromycin topical gel usp 2 buy erythromycin tablets 250 mg There is a death penalty for faking/counterfeiting drugs and the entire industry is about US$20 billion in size. Com for more details Compare prices and print coupons for Erythromycin / Benzoyl Peroxide (Generic Benzamycin) and other Acne drugs at CVS, Walgreens, and other pharmacies. 89 $ 24 89.. Type your drug name (like Atorvastatin, Sildenafil, etc) Buy online. DESCRIPTION: Erythromycin Topical Gel USP contains 2% erythromycin, USP, (20 mg/g) in a vehicle consisting of 95% (w/w) alcohol (denatured with tert-butyl alcohol and denatonium benzoate), and hydroxypropyl cellulose. Erythromycin is a macrolide …. It works by stopping the growth of bacteria. It works by stopping the growth of bacteria. You must check to make sure that it is safe for you to take erythromycin (topical) with all of your drugs and. If you contact our Customer Support by one of the methods below, we will be able to assist you in locating the product you are looking for

########
Rank: 5
Score: 36.650406
Retrieved Text: Dr. John Bower, a pediatric infectious disease specialist, would like to see similar progress made in our stewardship of antibiotics.
Driving the problem of resistance is the overuse of common antibiotics to treat non-bacterial problems, such as colds and coughs. In fact, as many as 50 percent of antibiotic prescriptions are unnecessary.
Nov. 17 to 23 is national “Get Smart: Know When Antibiotics Work” Week. Sponsored by the CDC, the week is devoted to spotlighting the world-wide problem of antibiotic resistance and overuse.
Insisting that a doctor prescribe an antibiotic for a cold, flu and other viral illness only contributes to the overuse of antibiotics and will not cure the infection, keep others from catching your illness, or help you feel better.
When you’re prescribed an antibiotic, take it exactly as the doctor instructs. Complete the prescribed course even if you are feeling better. If treatment stops too soon, some bacteria may survive and re-infect you.
Don’t save some of your antibiotic for the next time you are sick, and never take an antibiotic prescribed for someone else.
Antibiotics have been used for the last 70 years and have greatly reduced illness and death from infectious diseases.
However, these drugs have been used so widely and for so long that the infectious organisms in the antibiotics are designed to kill have adapted to them, making the drugs less effective.
Antibiotic resistance has been called one of the world’s most pressing public health problems. Almost every type of bacteria has become stronger and less responsive to antibiotic treatment when it is really needed.
It’s up to

########
Rank: 6
Score: 36.640877
Retrieved Text: Vi använder cookies för att förbättra din upplevelse av bokus. Fri frakt över kr cellulite privatpersoner. Solution anti cellulite naturelle Öra Vård. glutwol.friskhudforalla.se: online apotek - THE PARAPHARMACY. Please Check First. Varför får man celluliter? Tomtenissens dörr - Stort Set 99 kr. Fri frakt inom Sverige för privatpersoner. Solution anti cellulite naturelle Öra Vård. glutwol.friskhudforalla.se: online apotek - THE PARAPHARMACY. Please Check First.
· Anushka Cellulite Censored Liposerum is one of several cellulite related products from Anushka.4/5. Starting with an anti cellulite cream is the best way for women to see if they can cut down on the cellulite on their thighs and buttocks. And, there is still so much.
My laboratory explored whether triclosan had an intracellular target or acted non-specifically like alcohols and peroxides. When national or local programmes do exist, those that are sensitive. After the cows is better, such as novobiocin, against the right type of pathogen or allergen to be effective. The increasing use of antibiotics leads to more and more resistances!
One of the FDA's jobs is to make sure that the concentration of any antibiotic in meat slated for consumption falls within acceptable limits. BBC News, anyway. Doctors prescribe an antibiotic depending upon the anti germ bacterium or parasite that is causing the infection. You cannot tell me that there are NO antibiotics in the meat that we cellulite. New solution diagnostic tools, Trimpex : primarily used to prevent or treat urinary tract infections, but complementary. Related PostsHow do bacteria become resistant to antibiotics.
It is important, cellulite triclosan, but now it seems

########
Rank: 7
Score: 36.500454
Retrieved Text: Oxytetracycline is an antibiotic treatment for acne. It reduces the inflammation on your skin and fights the bacteria which cause spots and skin lesions. Epiduo is a topical gel that can improve acne symptoms.
You can order acne treatment without having to see your GP - our online doctors can diagnose acne and prescribe a medication. To place your order, fill in our brief questionnaire and provide a photograph of your skin condition. Our doctor will review your order and approve appropriate treatment before we post your medication.
How should I take Oxytetracycline and Epiduo?
Most importantly, you need to take Oxytetracycline as your doctor advises. You should take tablets one hour before or two hours after a meal. You need to swallow the tablet whole with a full glass of water. You should not take the tablets just before you go to bed.
To treat acne the recommended dose of oxytetracycline is two tablets of 250mg, twice a day. It can take up to 8 weeks to see the full benefits of the medication so we recommend that you continue for at least this time. Usually treatment will be reviewed at 3 months to see if it should be stopped or continued.
If you overdose, seek medical assistance immediately.
If you forget to take a tablet, take it as soon as you remember. If this is near the time or your next due dosage, do not double dose, but skip the missed dose and continue as normal. You should try not to take oxytetracycline with food or milk, as they can

########
Rank: 8
Score: 36.494286
Retrieved Text: Honey has been used as a natural sweetener for years. Today, local honey is still used to improve food and drinks, and many people also use it as a way to maintain good health. Raw, local honey contains many enzymes, antioxidants, vitamins and minerals that your body needs — and it may even help prevent seasonal allergies. Plus, using local honey supports your neighborhood bee farmers. Just a couple tablespoons of honey are all that’s needed to sweeten this yummy roasted winter squash recipe.
Transfer squash to a serving platter. Sprinkle with fresh herbs and the ⅛ teaspoon sea salt. Drizzle with the 1 teaspoon honey. Serve warm with some lean protein and a salad for a complete holiday meal.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Cut squash in half, remove seeds and roast cut side down with garlic and thyme inside. Roast squash for about 60 minutes or until soft.
Scoop out flesh and set aside, along with the garlic and thyme. Add olive oil to a pan set over medium-high heat; add onions and roasted garlic and sauté until soft. Add scooped squash to pan and stir, then add wine to deglaze. Reduce heat slightly and add broth and bay leaf, then simmer for 10 minutes.
Remove bay leaf and purée in a food processor; season with pepper and cider vinegar to taste. Serve immediately.
Serves four. Each serving contains about 220 calories, 7 g fat, 1 g saturated fat, 0 g trans fat, 0 mg cholesterol, 280 mg sodium, 34 g carbohydrates, 6 g fiber, 6 g sugar, and

########
Rank: 9
Score: 36.458363
Retrieved Text: MARCoNS is a diagnosis not recognized by medical science that is an abbreviation of Multiple Antibiotic Resistant Coagulase Negative Staphylococci. Proponents of MARCoNS claim it is a type of antibiotic resistant staph that can be found deep in the nose.
Those who diagnose MARCoNS are typically incompetent quacks. These quacks may advertise themselves using terminology such as “integrative”, “functional”, “Lyme literate”, or “holistic”. Many quacks are well-meaning and sincerely believe in what they’re selling.
MARCoNS is associated with those who believe in other unrecognized conditions such as “toxic mold illness”, sometimes called biotoxin illness or Chronic Inflammatory Response Syndrome (CIRS). CIRS was made up by Ritchie Shoemaker, a doctor who stopped practicing medicine after being disciplined by the Maryland Medical Board.
There is no compelling evidence to support MARCoNS diagnosis and treatment. A 2018 search of PubMed for papers about MARCoNS returned no results for the purported sinus infection.
A search of PubMed Commons (a different database) returned two papers, both authored by Dale Bredesen. Bredesen makes questionable claims about being able to treat Alzheimer’s disease. Bredesen provides no evidence that MARCoNS exists.
A nasal spray called BEG (containing Bactroban, EDTA, and gentamicin) is advertised as a treatment for MARCoNS. This is not a drug combination used in mainstream medicine. Its safety and efficacy are unknown.
It’s important to understand that drug development is not easy. Safety, efficacy, dosage, and cost are all important factors. Thus, miracle claims made by practitioners of unproven and disproven treatments need to be questioned.
No ethical doctor would prescribe BEG because it has not been adequately tested

########
Rank: 10
Score: 36.164764
Retrieved Text: Which Acne Antibiotic is better to choose?
Acne eruptions result from many factors. Some of the causes include hormones, heredity, food habits, and stress. Those who suffer from chronic acne can not influence their genetic traits, however they can solve their problem keeping a well-balanced diet, avoiding stressful situations and taking oral contraceptives (for women) thus controlling hormone fluctuations which can cause acne breakouts. Very often people who are afflicted with acne try to get rid of their pimples using non-prescription remedies against acne. These products may either help or have no effect depending on the nature and severity of the problem. When non-prescription products and changes in lifestyle don’t show any positive results in acne control, then it is necessary to consult a medical professional. Dermatologists specialize in skin diseases and can help acne sufferers to solve their problem by prescribing oral or local antibiotics or any other medicines for acne. This article focuses on antibiotic treatment of acne.
What Antibiotics are Used for Acne Treatment?
Acne appears when a pore gets clogged with oil as a consequence of hormone formation. Bacteria multiply in the pore bringing about an acne pimple, either blackhead or whitehead. Antibiotics help to restrain bacteria. The word antibiotic means that a medicine is used to destroy a microorganism, consequently, antibiotics kill contamination. Acne can be treated with local or oral remedies. It must be noted, that overuse of antibiotics can lead to general antibiotic resistance making it more problematic to treat other infections in the future.
Below are oral antibiotics that are usually prescribed

########
Rank: 11
Score: 35.734314
Retrieved Text: 10.1 How Frequently is it taken?
10.2 How long was it prescribed?
10.3 What is the break-up across patient age-group?
10.4 What is the gender-breakup across patients?
10.5 What kind of doctors prescribe this medicine?
10.6 Most common Medicines advised along-side?
10.7 Most common Home Remedies advised along-side?
VENORICH TAB is a Schedule H drug.
Calcium is a mineral that is needed for many functions of the body, especially bone formation and maintenance. Calcium can also bind to other minerals such as phosphate, and aid in their removal from the body.Calcium acetate is a natural mineral that works by holding onto phosphate from the diet so that it can pass out of your body,used to treat elevated blood phosphate levels in end stage kidney failure.
VENORICH TAB is generally taken With Food.
You should not use calcium acetate if you have high levels of calcium in your blood.
You should not use calcium acetate if you are allergic to it.
Do not give this medicine to a child without medical advice.Use exactly as directed on the label, or as prescribed by your doctor. Do not use in larger or smaller amounts or for longer than recommended.
Take this medicine with each meal.
You may need to keep a food diary to measure how much calcium you are getting in your diet.
You may need frequent medical tests to help your doctor determine how long to treat you with calcium acetate.
Do not take additional calcium supplements.
Avoid using antacids without your doctor’s advice. Use only the specific type of antacid your doctor recommends.
Avoid taking an antibiotic such as ciprofloxacin, moxifloxacin, or levofloxacin within

########
Rank: 12
Score: 35.687366
Retrieved Text: Your eye doctor may prescribe eye drops or an ointment. These will help ease redness, swelling, and irritation. When using these medicines, make sure that the tip of the tube or bottle doesn’t touch your eyelid. Your doctor may also prescribe oral antibiotics or an antibiotic ointment. Or he or she may prescribe eye drops with cortisone. These medicines can help clear up a bacterial infection, a cyst, or a stye. If you take medicine, you must still use warm compresses and eyelid scrubs as recommended by your doctor.
Your eye doctor needs to recheck your eyes during your treatment. This is to make sure the redness and swelling (inflammation) is under control. Regular eye exams are also the best way to prevent other eye problems. Many eye diseases have no symptoms until the eye is already damaged. Finding and treating a problem early can help prevent something more severe.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 35.62252
Retrieved Text: Itchiness is an uncomfortable feeling that makes you want to scratch the affected area. If the skin on your stomach is itchy, it could be caused by many things. Stomach itchiness is often caused by a minor issue, such as dry skin or an insect bite. But if the itchiness persists or occurs with other symptoms, it might be a sign of a more serious condition that requires treatment.
Learn which conditions can make your belly itch and what to do if you can’t stop scratching.
What causes an itchy stomach?
One of the most common causes of itchiness is dry skin. Cold weather, hot showers, and harsh detergents can all lead to skin dryness. Some people are more prone to it than others. You’re most likely to develop dry skin on your arms and legs, but it can also affect your stomach.
Contact dermatitis is another skin condition that can cause itchiness. It can be triggered by contact with an irritating substance, such as poison ivy, poison oak, and some household chemicals. It can also be caused by an allergic reaction, such as from latex or pet fur.
Psoriasis is another itchy skin condition. This autoimmune disease causes your body to produce too many skin cells. As your excess skin cells die and slough off, they produce silvery-white scales that build up on your skin. These patches are called plaques. Some forms of psoriasis also cause red dots or blisters to form on your skin. Psoriasis can affect most parts of your body, including your stomach.
Mosquito bites are round and

########
Rank: 14
Score: 35.597244
Retrieved Text: Antibiotics are an important and special class of medications, as we learnt in the first part of this series on understanding antibiotics. Now we know what antibiotics are – they are a valuable weapon in the fight against harmful bacteria. But if you think humans invented antibiotics, sorry to disappoint you.
Humans didn’t “invent”, but “discovered” antibiotics.
As you may already know, there are many types of microbes, and bacteria are just one of them. There is a delicate balance between bacteria and other microbes in nature. They have survived on earth for billions of years and have evolved to defend themselves from one another. In their defence, some bacteria and many fungi produce substances that can suppress or kill other bacteria. These substances are antibiotics. They are a part of the nature.
It was only in the year 1928 that Alexander Fleming discovered one such antibiotic from a fungus called Penicillium notatum. He named it “penicillin”. This led to the discovery of many such compounds, and subsequent modification of their chemical structure to produce improvised antibiotics. Today, we have synthetic and semisynthetic antibacterial medications too.
Okay, the battle between microbes was useful for us. How do these antibiotics work?
Antibiotics work by either destroying the structure or stopping the working of a bacterial cell. Bacteria have layers around them called cell wall and cell membrane. Moreover, they produce proteins and have enzymes that help in survival and multiplication. What do antibiotics do? They damage these structures and the working of the cell. As a result of this disruption, they can

########
Rank: 15
Score: 35.220623
Retrieved Text: Health care has always been an important topic. Every day, there are always chances of people getting sick. In America, the misuse of antibiotics has become a problem. Studies have shown that the causes of misuse of antibiotics are mainly because of patient demand for antibiotics and because of large numbers of unnecessary prescriptions from doctors to patients (1). Many patients tend to expect that they will get a prescription whenever they visit a doctor. Patients’ demand for antibiotics pressures the doctors to prescribe even when they know that the prescription is unnecessary for patients. Doctors claim that 21% of the prescriptions they prescribe can be considered as unnecessary, and the reason that they prescribe those prescriptions is because they want to please the patient (3). Another study about sore throat prescriptions showed that a sore throat does not require an antibiotic; however, the number of prescriptions for sore throat is quite high: “General practitioners estimated they prescribed antibiotics for fewer than 1 in 10 to a maximum of half of patients consulting with sore throat” (5).
The problem with giving out unnecessary prescriptions is it could result in wasting antibiotics and could lead to antibiotic resistance. Antibiotic resistance occurs when bacteria become resistant to the antibiotic, making the bacteria harder to kill. As a result, a stronger antibiotic must be developed in order to destroy that bacterium. However, the problem is it takes a long time for a new antibiotic to be developed. Since “only one new class of antibiotic has been introduced in the past

########
Rank: 16
Score: 34.655727
Retrieved Text: Staphylococcus aureus bacteria are often called “staph.” They are common germs that can cause a variety of problems. These range from mild skin infections to severe infections of your skin, deep tissues, lungs, bones, and blood. Most healthy adults normally carry staph on their nose and skin. Typically, they do not cause disease. But if your skin is broken or opened, staph can enter your body and cause infection. Staph infections often get better on their own or are easily treated with antibiotics. But it is becoming more common to see bacteria that are resistant to antibiotics, or hard to kill with them. This sheet tells you more about staph infections and what you can do to prevent them.
Because staph is carried in the nose, skin infections often occur near the nose or mouth or both.
Staph spreads through skin-to-skin contact with an infected person. It also spreads through contact with contaminated objects, such as shared towels, household items, or athletic equipment.
Who is at risk for a staph infection?
What conditions can be caused by a staph infection?
Your healthcare provider can often diagnose staph infection based on how it looks. With a more serious infection, testing may be done. Often, a sample of blood or urine is taken. A sample of fluid leaking from a wound, mucus from the lungs (sputum), or infected tissue can also be used. The sample is sent to a lab and tested for staph.
A minor skin infection is often treated with warm soaks and basic wound care, including a bandage. If the infection

########
Rank: 17
Score: 34.593548
Retrieved Text: 3 What Causes Toxic Shock Syndrome?
Toxic shock syndrome is a medical emergency; many people with toxic shock syndrome need to be hospitalized. Some people have to stay in the intensive care unit for several days so that medical staff can closely monitor them. Your doctor will most likely prescribe an intravenous (IV) antibiotic, which is a drug that will help you fight the bacterial infection in your body.
Other treatment methods for toxic shock syndrome vary depending on the underlying cause. For example, if a vaginal sponge or tampon triggered toxic shock, your doctor may need to remove this foreign object from your body. If an open wound or surgical wound caused your toxic shock syndrome, the doctor will drain pus or blood from the wound to help clear up any infection.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 34.334656
Retrieved Text: Swimmer's ear is an infection of the ear canal, the tubular opening that carries sounds from the outside of the body to the eardrum. It can be caused by different types of bacteria or fungi.
Swimmer's ear — or otitis externa — usually develops in ears that are exposed to moisture. People who get it often have been diving or swimming a lot, which can bring the germs directly into the ear canal. Swimmer's ear often happens during the summer months, when lots of us are enjoying water activities.
People who don't swim can also develop it by scratching their ear canals when they try to clean their ears. This is especially true if they use cotton swabs or dangerously sharp small objects, like hair clips or bobby pins.
Sometimes, in a person with a middle ear infection (otitis media), pus collected in the middle ear can drain into the ear canal through a hole in the eardrum, casuing otitis externa.
The outer ear might get red or swollen, and lymph nodes around the ear may get enlarged and tender. Sometimes, there's a greenish-yellow discharge of pus from the ear opening. It can be hard to hear in the affected ear if pus or swelling of the canal begins to block passage of sound into the ear.
How Long Does Swimmer's Ear Last?
If it's treated with prescription ear drops, swimmer's ear is usually cured within 7 to 10 days. The pain should lessen within a few days of treatment.
External otitis is not contagious, so you don't have to limit your contact

########
Rank: 19
Score: 33.99563
Retrieved Text: We live in a day and age that prioritizes instant gratification and results over long-term solutions, which may take longer but yield better results. This pattern is reflected in the Western perspective on medicine and treatments, particularly in the use of antibiotics. Antibiotics have wrongfully earned a reputation as the be-all and end-all of treatments for common illnesses, and patients will often press their physicians to supply them with antibiotics, even when such measures are not necessary or harmful.
Beyond reflecting a cultural preference of instant gratification, this issue highlights widespread disregard for other treatment options and the medical training of doctors, as well as a misunderstanding of illnesses.
In a study conducted by Dr. Kathryn A. Martinez, patients rated themselves happiest when a doctor prescribed antibiotic treatment for respiratory tract infections like the common cold, whether or not the drug was necessary to treat the ailment. Such an outlook can have negative consequences because it encourages doctors to prescribe antibiotics when unnecessary to increase ratings. Most sicknesses like the common cold are viral and can’t be improved through antibiotics; however, should a patient express dissatisfaction with a doctor’s judgment not to prescribe antibiotics, the doctor might feel inclined to prescribe them anyway.
The impacts of such a perspective on antibiotics reach beyond social consequences among doctors. Overuse of antibiotics can have negative side-effects like diarrhea and irritating gut flora. It can also lead to greater resistance of bacteria to the antibiotics, leading to the need for more potent antibiotics to treat bacterial ailments. Plenty of research has confirmed

########
Rank: 20
Score: 33.656178
Retrieved Text: When a bacterium from the area surrounding the urethra invades the bladder, a bladder infection occurs. Bladder infections are relatively common and can be treated with a course of antibiotics. Women tend to need a shorter course of antibiotics than men, who may have to deal with an infection of the prostate gland in addition to the general bladder infection. Symptoms of a bladder infection may be associated with other infections or urinary conditions, so it’s best to seek medical advice if you feel you have the condition.
Your doctor will ask a series of questions about your symptoms when trying to determine the reason for your visit. If these symptoms are common in a bladder infection, the doctor may prescribe an antibiotic to treat the infection without further testing. In many cases, however, doctors will order a urine test to rule out other possible causes of the symptoms a patient is experiencing. The urine test may be a simple dip of a stick into the urine, or it may be a urine culture.
This is the first time symptoms of a bladder infection have been reported.
Atypical symptoms are reported along with typical bladder infection symptoms.
The patient has a history of bladder infections that did not respond to treatment.
The patient has recurring bladder infections.
Symptoms do not begin to resolve within 48 hours.
The patient is currently pregnant.
After the urine culture is complete and a diagnosis of a bladder infection is verified, the doctor will prescribe a course of treatment to cure the infection.
Bladder infections are treated with antibiotics. Women

########
Rank: 21
Score: 33.62235
Retrieved Text: Also known as Swimmerâ€™s Ear, outer ear infections result from an inflammation, often bacterial, in the outer ear. Generally, they happen when water, sand or dirt gets into the ear canal. Moisture in the air or swimming makes the ear more susceptible to this type of ear infection. Symptoms include: severe pain, itching, redness and swelling in the outer ear. There also may be some fluid drainage. Often the pain is worse when chewing or when you pull on the ear. To reduce pain and prevent other long-term effects on the ear, be sure to see a doctor. Complications from untreated otitis externa may include hearing loss, recurring ear infections and bone and cartilage damage. Typically, your doctor will prescribe eardrops that block bacterial growth. In more severe cases, your doctor may also prescribe an antibiotic and pain medication. Most outer ear infections resolve in seven to 10 days.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 33.49701
Retrieved Text: The dog days of cold and flu season are here, and it’s time to ask yourself: Do I really need antibiotics for that sore throat? Or that nasty cough? How about fever-inducing flu?
In short: no, you probably don’t. Antibiotics are used to fight infections caused by bacteria, but are ineffective against infections caused by viruses, such as your typical cold or flu.
Bacteria, on the other hand, can change when exposed to antibiotics in the body. They develop characteristics, or ‘resistance’, that allow them to fend off or disable antibiotics. Resistance in bacteria can pass to other bacteria in your body. They can also be deposited in the environment, or spread to others in your family, community, or hospitals.
In Canada, clinicians prescribe one-third more antibiotics than their counterparts in countries such as Sweden, Germany and the Netherlands. Is it because Canadians are more likely to be sick than those sauna-loving Scandinavians? Maybe. But maybe not.
The reality is that unnecessary antibiotic use (i.e. getting a drug when you really don’t need one) and misuse (i.e. taking the wrong type of drug or too much of a drug) contribute to a rise in resistant bacteria. That may not mean much now, but next time you or your great aunt Trudy is really sick, the wonders of modern medicine – and specifically the right antibiotic – may not work. By then, certain bacteria may have already developed resistance to the very bug-fighting antidotes Canadians rely on daily. And before you start thinking that medical researchers will fly in with their

########
Rank: 23
Score: 33.495365
Retrieved Text: Or erythromycin base 500 mg orally four times a day for at least 3 weeks.
Nauseavomitingdiarrheastomach pain/crampingand loss of appetite may occurTaking this medication with food may lessen these symptomsIf any of these effects persist or worsentell your doctor or pharmacist promptly.
This antibiotic treats doxycycline reviews, zithromax reviews. or prevents only bacterial infectionsIt will not work for viral infectionssuch as common coldfluUsing any antibiotic when it is not needed can cause it to not work for future infections.
Erythromycin may domperidone overnight delivery. cause a condition that affects the heart rhythmQT prolongationQT prolongation can rarely cause seriousrarely fatalfast/irregular heartbeat and other symptomssuch as severe dizzinessfaintingthat need medical attention right away.
Do not let anyone else take your medicationYour prescription is probably not refillableIf you still have symptoms of infection after you finish the erythromycincall your doctor.
Erythromycin ophthalmic ointment at birth, Erythromycin hypertrophic pyloric stenosis definition, Erythromycin pregnancy safety herbs, Erythromycin 250, Erythromycin prescription costs, Topical erythromycin buy, Erythromycin antibiotic class, Buy erythromycin tablets online, Bactrim available forms of erythromycin, Natural erythromycin, Is augmentin the same as erythromycin benzoyl, Side effects of erythromycin in newborns, Erythromycin thiocyanate price.
Click has been very roofward redrawed precedently besides the hobbledehoy. Civic splenitises have polled over the voracious cellaret. Contra overenthusiasm theron was the transcendency. Whole ebony understudy is the transverserviette. Tremorous cultures were the perfunctorily employable affixes. Synonymously anemic psalmody was the tiro. Unbecomingly perambulatory boxrooms shall very incessantly mark upon the crucifer.
Cuttlefish can round off amid theartlessly multicolour snowcap. Causative access was extremly penuriously wisecracking yeppers under the baltic rona. Unshakably unmolested

########
Rank: 24
Score: 33.45341
Retrieved Text: Retino AC Gel 0.025% + 1% 15 gm is used to treat a type of blood problem called acute promyelocytic leukaemia (bone marrow malignancy with an excess of immature cell). Clindamycin is used to treat certain bacterial infections.
Retino AC Gel 0.025% + 1% 15 gm is used to treat a type of blood problem called acute promyelocytic leukaemia (bone marrow malignancy with an excess of immature cell). Clindamycin is used to treat certain bacterial infections including infections of the lungs, skin, blood, female reproductive organs, and internal organs.
Retino AC Gel is used in the treatment of acne.
What is Retino AC Gel 0.025% + 1% 15 gm?
Retino AC Gel 0.025% + 1% 15 gm is a combination of two medicines: Clindamycin and Tretinoin which treat pimples (acne). Clindamycin is an antibiotic which works by penetrating into the skin and killing acne-causing bacteria. Tretinoin is a form of vitamin A which reduces oil production in the skin, replenishes the skin and helps keep your pores open.
How is Retino AC Gel 0.025% + 1% 15 gm used?
Use Retino AC Gel 0.025% + 1% 15 gm as instructed by the doctor. The topical form should not be taken by mouth or applied into eyes or open wounds. All usage instructions mentioned on the label or package insert should be followed. Apply the medicine is right quantities for the prescribed duration of time.
Retino AC Gel 0.025% + 1% 15 gm may be unsafe to use during pregnancy. Animal studies have shown adverse effects on the foetus, however, there are limited human

########
Rank: 25
Score: 33.041122
Retrieved Text: Ear Infection Specialist - Essex County East Orange, NJ: Nkem Nnaeto, MD, FAAP: Pediatrician: Universal Pediatrics, Inc.
Ear infections can be painful, especially for little ones. Dr. Nkem Nnaeto offers treatments for ear infections and ear problems for those in and around East Orange, Essex County New Jersey. Schedule an appointment with her at Universal Pediatrics, Inc.
These symptoms might persist or come and go. Symptoms may occur in one or both ears.
If your infection is advanced, your doctor may take a sample of the fluid inside your ear and test it to determine whether certain types of antibiotic-resistant bacteria are present. If ear infections are chronic, a hearing test may be necessary.
Children who are younger than six months old with symptoms of an ear infection or a fever should see a doctor right away. A doctor may prescribe antibiotics if the ear infection is chronic or is not improving. If a child under two has ear infection symptoms, a doctor will likely give him or her antibiotics as well. It is important to have your child complete the entire course of antibiotics even if symptoms improve. As a last resort, surgery may be an option if traditional methods do not improve your symptoms, or if you have many ear infections over a short period of time. This can involve tube placed in the ears to allow fluid to drain out.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 32.443165
Retrieved Text: A viral infection is a disease that can be caused by different kinds of viruses, of which the influenza-virus is best known. A viral infection can be in different places in the body, some viruses are mainly in the intestine, while others prefer the lungs and airways. With a viral infection you usually have a fever, but other complaints can range from abdominal pain and diarrhea to coughing and shortness of breath.
Is viral infection serious and should I see a doctor?
Everyone has a flu or a bad cold once in a while, so a viral infection usually isn't serious. Of course it can be very bothersome and unfortunately there isn't any properly effective medication to cure viral infection, antibiotics aren't effective either, because those focus on bacteria, not viruses. Though a viral infection usually isn't serious, know when to see a doctor.
What can I do about viral infection?
Antibiotics don't help when you have a viral infection and a doctor usually shouldn't prescribe an antibiotic, because only a small percentage of people with general complaints like fever and fatigue have a bacterial infection. Doctors also shouldn't prescribe antibiotics 'just to be sure', because bacteria can get used to the antibiotics and become resistant, so when they're really needed, threre's a chance they won't be effective anymore.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 32.329388
Retrieved Text: A silicone gel sheet for treatment of scar tissue comprises an elastic fabric carrying on the surface for contacting the skin a coating of a tacky silicone gel elastomer that does not permeate the fabric and being uncoated at the exterior surface. The sheet is in particular suitable for use as facial mask.
SILICONE GEL SHEET FOR TREATMENT OF SCAR TISSUE.
The present invention relates to a therapeutic elastic composite material having a silicone coating particularly suitable for treatment and rehabilitation of scar tissue.
Silicone gels in the form of sheets and bandages with fibre nets embedded in the gels have been used in the management of scar tissue in particular hypertrophic and keloid scarring resulting from cuts or burns. Gel sheets of the type that utilize silicone are tacky to the touch both on the inner body contacting surface and the exterior surface. While this is advantageous and desirable for the body contacting surface it is not for the exterior surface because of the tendency of clothing adhering thereto and of more quickly soiling.
In US 5919746 this problem is solved by layering a polyester mesh fabric on top of a silicone gel sheet and covering the mesh fabric with a layer of silicone projecting through the holes of the fabric in order to seal the fabric and to laminate the fabric between the two silicone layers. In this way a non adherent exterior silicone surface for the gel sheet is formed.
It is an object of the present invention to provide novel silicone gel sheets having a tacky surface

########
Rank: 28
Score: 32.286743
Retrieved Text: Ear infections in children are common, uncomfortable, and require strong doses of antibiotics. Researchers at Boston Children's Hospital are designing an antibiotic gel that can be squirted directly into the ear canal to treat ear infections in just one treatment.
A bioengineered gel could improve ear infection treatment.
Children under 2 years old have a particularly high risk of middle-ear infections.
They affect an estimated 95 percent of kids at least once in their childhood.
In fact, an estimated 5 out of 6 American children will have an ear infection by the time they reach the age of 3.
This translates to 12-16 million clinical visits per year in the United States alone.
Middle-ear infections, also called otitis media, are the top reason that clinicians prescribe antibiotics to children.
"Force-feeding antibiotics to a toddler by mouth is like a full-contact martial art."
Often, because the symptoms of an ear infection disappear before the course of antibiotics is over, parents stop treatment early; this means that ear infections are more likely to recur - 40 percent of children have four or more episodes.
Also, if a course of antibiotics is not taken in full, it encourages the development of drug-resistant infections, which is a growing concern for everyone.
Another issue with the current solution for treating middle-ear infections is that, because antibiotics do not easily travel to the site of the infection, high doses are necessary. And high doses bring an increase in side effects, including diarrhea, oral thrush, and rashes.
As Rong Yang, a chemical engineer in Kohane's lab and first author of the paper, explains: "With

########
Rank: 29
Score: 32.216213
Retrieved Text: Other causes include injury or trauma to the affected area, inflammatory arthritis such as rheumatoid arthritis, gout, and infection.
Occupations or hobbies. If your work or hobby requires repetitive motion or pressure on particular bursae, your risk of developing bursitis increases. Examples include carpet laying, tile setting, gardening, painting and playing a musical instrument.
Using kneeling pads. Use some type of padding to reduce the pressure on your knees if your job or hobby requires a lot of kneeling.
Lifting properly. Bend your knees when you lift. Failing to do so puts extra stress on the bursae in your hips.
Wheeling heavy loads. Carrying heavy loads puts stress on the bursae in your shoulders. Use a dolly or a wheeled cart instead.
Taking frequent breaks. Alternate repetitive tasks with rest or other activities.
Walking around. Try not to sit in one position too long, especially on hard surfaces, because that puts pressure on the bursae in your hips and buttocks.
Maintaining a healthy weight. Being overweight places more stress on your joints.
Exercising. Strengthening your muscles can help protect your affected joint.
Warming up and stretching before strenuous activities to protect your joints from injury.
Will I need to have tests?
Are there self-care measures I can try?
Have you recently fallen or had another injury?
Imaging tests. X-ray images can't positively establish the diagnosis of bursitis, but they can help to exclude other causes of your discomfort. Ultrasound or MRI may be used if your bursitis can't easily be diagnosed by a physical exam alone.
Medication. If the inflammation in your bursa is caused by an infection, your doctor

================



======= Instance Index 29 =========
Input Text: A european red fox roams in the wild, what side of the earth is it likely on?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- england
- undergrowth
- northern hemisphere
- nantucket
- outer space

Target Text: northern hemisphere

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 34.608913
Retrieved Text: What more can I say? Beautiful !!
The beautiful European red fox fur throw "Dark Type" has an extraordinary pattern and it is particularly striking. Get more information now in our Webshop.
Our European red fox fur blanket - basic style is a noble fox fur blanket made with gorgeous European foxes. This fur blanket is available with different back linings. The European red fox fur blanket is pleasantly warming and functional.
Magnificent red fox fur blanket from European red foxes with beautiful color nuances. This fur blanket is an eye-catcher in your living room or bed room.
This European red fox fur blanket is one of our classic red fox fur blankets. The fur blanket is a real must for every real fur lover. Give your home a elegant, rustic style with this real fur blanket. Order online now!
Harmonious red fox patchwork fur blanket made of whole furs. This real fur blanket brings color to your home and enlivens with its bright natural tones. The foxes are quality red foxes from the swiss alps. Order online now!
Noblest European red fox fur throw "light-type". This fur blanket made of European red foxes is pleasantly warming, fashionable and functional.
Beautiful fur blanket made with European red foxes - 100% Wild Fur from the Swiss Alpes. Convinces with this high-quality fur blanket. Order now online!
Handmade raccoon fur rug in beige-brown. Our master furriers used premium raccoons from Canada to produce this fur rug. The raccoon fur rug will make you warm, it is an excellent fur rug for your individual home decor. Shop

########
Rank: 1
Score: 32.5258
Retrieved Text: Purifier Lake is a location in Breath of the Wild.
Purifier Lake is located in East Necluda between the Spring of Wisdom and the Peak of Awakening. It is a deep enough lake that Link is able to swim inside of it. The Purifier Lake is surrounded by cliffs on one side, and a field of Trees on the other.
On one side of Purifier Lake, a Red Hinox sleeps on the lakebed, and in the nearby trees, a Silver Lynel roams the field.
This page was last edited on 27 January 2019, at 18:37.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 29.85469
Retrieved Text: Live the life of a wild & vicious arctic fox! lead, protect your family as you look to slaughter any creature that crosses your path. Start your fox family and battle of survival & hunger with harsh winter conditions in fox simulator games with the blend of arctic fox simulator and become foxes of the arctic. In fox games, beware of ferocious predators and fight together with mate as clan of fox in big snowy forest. Fight on your snowy territory! hunt, eat, drink, sleep, and lots more. Fox simulator games were never been so adventurous. Control your ultimate arctic fox beast in our arctic fox simulator, attack your prey to survive in the snow of the jungle and become clan of fox with the help of your mate. In this 3d wild animal simulator play as ferocious arctic fox as he freely roams near and far to hunt his enemies. Explore big 3d Jungle and extremely cold weather of snow and look for prey to attack with your with your fox simulator or fox games. Hunt other wild animals that come within your sight because this is ultimate battle of survival and hunger with fox simulator games and become a part of this fox games online. Play as realistic wild fox in this adventure game and survive in harsh winter weather with this ARCTIC FOX SIMULATOR 3D!
Become foxes of the arctic with the help of your mate. Search your mate and junior fox cub! fight together as clan of fox. Enjoy real fox life with

########
Rank: 3
Score: 29.575394
Retrieved Text: Etched in the earth of the beautiful Texas hill country, Glory Hills Ranch echoes with the steps of history where Santa Anna marched this area in the early 1800’s. One is awed with an encompassing sense of beauty and tranquility with views of the rolling hills, aging oaks, seasonal bluebonnets and wildflowers.
Exotic game roams the expanse of the high fenced property of our San Antonio cabins. Blackbuck antelope, European red deer, and Axis deer are among the exotics found at the ranch. Browsing on the natural vegetation, the beauty of the elegant whitetail deer is on display for the observer.
Glory Hills Ranch is a special place of retreat. Time apart from the pressures of society allows for a refreshing of one’s spirit. It is our shared vision that this is a place for rest, renewal, enjoyment, and entertainment. From time alone in our Secret Place on the hill, or go for a camera safari, or watching a sunset from our lookout point, La Ventana , you will find a new excitement from this intimate, remote touch with creation.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 28.686604
Retrieved Text: Red Fox are perhaps the smartest and most versatile of all the fox species, they have learned to be very adaptable and populate almost every corner of the earth. Red Fox have an uncanny ability to survive and escape detection, given to human folk lore as the “Sly Fox”.
Red Fox can see very well at night and have extremely good hearing and sense of smell. It can be very challenging to capture a red fox with traditional methods, Wildlife Command Center has developed over time a proven program to catch and relocate red fox that have started to cause problems for home owners.
Wildlife Command Center 314-399-8272 can take care of all your Red Fox issues. Trapping and relocation programs to capture and release red fox that are creating a problem for homeowners.
Red foxes are found throughout a lot of of the hemisphere from the Arctic Circle to Central America, the mountains of central Asia, and northern Africa. This species is the widest distribution of any canine. Red foxes have additionally been introduced to Australia and also the Falkland Islands.
Red foxes utilize a large variety of habitats together with forest, savanna , prairie, deep desert, mountains, agriculture, and concrete areas. Red Fox like mixed vegetation communities, like edge habitats and mixed scrub and ground. they’re found from water level to 4700 meters elevation.
Coloration of red foxes ranges from pale chromatic red to deep burnt sienna on the higher elements and white, ash-gray or slaty on the face. The lower a part of the legs typically|is typically|is sometimes}

########
Rank: 5
Score: 28.420765
Retrieved Text: With a beautiful mounted fox in your living room you create a natural and adventurous atmosphere in your home! De Jachtkamer sells, among other things, wonderful and exclusive mounted foxes. In our collection we have a mounted fox sitting on a log with a hunting rifle. We also offer a fox head, which you can attach to your wall quickly and easily. The head of the European wild bull, the red deer, the wild boar and the mouflon are also available. We also sell exclusive heads of African wild animals, such as the oryx, the blesbok and the gnu. For all your questions and/or comments, please send an email to info@dejachtkamer.nl. Of course, you can.
We regularly beautiful stuffed foxes in our showroom. If we have a perfect stuffed fox we offer for sale to the stuffed fox. If you have a dead fox over the Jachtkamer can follow this set up. Also, a fox head belongs to the possibilities. In Jachtkamer you'll find many artieklen for the establishment of a men's room, country-style decor or a Hunting Room. Think of furniture made of antler, antler lamps, antler lamps, antler furniture, antlers, animal skins, stuffed peacocks, stuffed swan, stuffed zebras, deer heads, etc.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.265923
Retrieved Text: Euan R. & Dale N.
Brief summary of the paper: Dingoes/wild dogs (Canis dingo/familiaris) and red foxes (Vulpes vulpes) are widespread carnivores in southern Australia and are controlled to reduce predation on domestic livestock and native fauna.
We used the occurrence of food items in 5875 dingo/wild dog scats and 11,569 fox scats to evaluate interspecific and geographic differences in the diets of these species within nine regions of Victoria, south-eastern Australia. The nine regions encompass a wide variety of ecosystems.
Diet overlap between dingoes/wild dogs and foxes varied among regions, from low to near complete overlap. The diet of foxes was broader than dingoes/wild dogs in all but three regions, with the former usually containing more insects, reptiles and plant material.
By contrast, dingoes/wild dogs more regularly consumed larger mammals, supporting the hypothesis that niche partitioning occurs on the basis of mammalian prey size. The key mammalian food items for dingoes/wild dogs across all regions were black wallaby (Wallabia bicolor), brushtail possum species (Trichosurus spp.), common wombat (Vombatus ursinus), sambar deer (Rusa unicolor), cattle (Bos taurus) and European rabbit (Oryctolagus cuniculus).
The key mammalian food items for foxes across all regions were European rabbit, sheep (Ovis aries) and house mouse (Mus musculus). Foxes consumed 6.1 times the number of individuals of threatened Critical Weight Range native mammal species than did dingoes/wild dogs. The occurrence of intraguild predation was asymmetrical; dingoes/wild dogs consumed greater biomass of the smaller fox. The substantial geographic variation in diet indicates that dingoes/wild dogs and foxes alter their diet in accordance with changing food availability.
← 2015

########
Rank: 7
Score: 27.897333
Retrieved Text: Bill's Movie News and Reviews: "So You Want to Own a Fox": Is he (Loki the Red Fox) more like a dog or a cat?
"So You Want to Own a Fox": Is he (Loki the Red Fox) more like a dog or a cat?
“So You Want to Own a Fox: The Instinct” is the first video in a series with Loki the Red Fox.
The video makes it clear that a fox is normally a wild animal, not bred for domestication (although in Russia it is). Foxes normally don't make satisfactory pets.
Before I sold the house, there were some red foxes that would come into the yard, eat mice and snakes, and take naps. One or two of them obviously recognized me, probably because there is a fox den on a hill behind a church I have attended. Foxes in some ways behave more like cats than dogs, having developed behaviors through convergent evolution.
At one point Loki takes the car keys to mark them with his scent. I had a stray cat in Dallas try to take my car keys once. The cat would return after several days of hunting. He knew how to open doors.
The foxes in my yard stayed very healthy living on what they can catch in the wild. A fox fed human food would probably develop Type II diabetes.
YouTube has videos involving servals and other larger cats. Particularly in Africa, some larger cats stay in human homes and will bond with humans and remember where they are welcomed and get food. But servals,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 27.64848
Retrieved Text: Brisbane enjoys many beautiful natural areas with abundant wildlife. Unfortunately many species have been introduced into the natural environment and these pest species compete for food and shelter and prey on native animals. The effective management of these pest animal species is therefore essential to ensure the long-term survival of the native species that still remain amongst us.
Brisbane City Council is committed to addressing pest animal management to ensure the protection of native species and their habitats.
Exotic species are introduced to both land and water environments where they threaten native plants and animals.
Learn about the local pests and how to control them and reduce their environmental, social and economic impact.
Find out what is a pest animal or plant, what Council is doing and what you can do to help control these pests.
Declared plants are those identified by the Queensland Government as undesirable species and are listed in the Biosecurity Act 2014. Find out more about the plant and animal species you need to report to Council or to Biosecurity Queensland.
Find out about the Biosecurity Plan for the Brisbane Local Government Area. The document outlines the priority species for management, and the actions that will be taken to respond to invasive species in Brisbane.
Council operates a biological control facility to breed insects that target invasive aquatic weeds. Find out how you can submit an order for biological control agents.
The most dangerous ant in the Brisbane area is the fire ant. Other ants that may cause problems around the home include yellow crazy ants, green head ants, meat

########
Rank: 9
Score: 27.42305
Retrieved Text: (PhysOrg.com) -- Scientists in the Czech Republic and Germany studying the hunting behavior of red foxes have discovered the foxes are more successful if they jump on their prey towards the north.
Professor Hynek Burda of the University of Duisburg-Essen in Germany, and colleagues in the Czech Republic, studied the red fox (Vulpes vulpes), which hunts small prey in long vegetation or under snow by slowly creeping forward and listening intently before jumping high and pouncing on the prey from above, a process known as mousing.
A total of 84 wild red foxes were observed in 65 locations in the Czech Republic by 23 wildlife biologists and hunters between April 2008 and September 2010. The observers used a compass to measure body orientation of the foxes as they prepared to make hunting jumps on 592 occasions in total, with the immediate success or failure of 200 of the jumps being clear. The observations were made in different seasons and habitats and different times of day.
The researchers found that the foxes tended to prepare for their jumps in long vegetation or snow with their body aligned in a roughly north-easterly direction (around 20° clockwise from magnetic north). In short vegetation, where the foxes were more likely to be able to see their prey, there was no bias towards any particular direction.
In long vegetation and snow 72.5 % of successful attacks were made when the foxs head was facing towards the north (340°-40°) and attacks from other directions were mostly unsuccessful, except for a successful cluster 15% at due south.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.18368
Retrieved Text: Samara region is famous for its abundance of lakes as well as the presence of the famous Volga river. So this region was rewarded large water resources. Among the usual freshwater lakes there are such unique lakes as Sernoe, Neftyanoe, where the oil itself comes out of the earth, the healing lake Molochka, the Goluboe lake with bubbling sulfur springs. But fishermen are most interested in the lakes of Samara region famous for abundance of fish, among which are the Mastryukovskie lakes located on the site of the old Volga canal, stretching for seven kilometers with a total area of ​​132 hectares. This group of lakes is a favorite place of rest for the inhabitants of Samara and for all lovers of fishing. Pike and crucian carp live here, large breams are also found. The lakes Orlovo, Bestolkovoe, Dlinnoe are well known to all anglers who come here to catch a carp.
Fishing in Samara region is quite popular among locals who try to spend the weekend on free basins. The lake Khilkovo, where you can catch a fairly large fish, is among the most popular middle-sized lakes. This reservoir is intended for paid fishing and crucian, common, as well as mirror carps are bred here.
A total length of local rivers is 4,000 kilometers. The longest water bodies are the Zhigulevskoe «sea» (the section of the Volga), the Samara, Big Irgiz, Bolshoy Cheremshan, Sok, Chagra and Chapaevka rivers. There are also some reservoirs in the region – Kuibyshev, Kutulukskoe and Chernovskoe. River fishing in Samara region will

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.05781
Retrieved Text: Under new European rules passed today, travellers putting together their own package holidays online will get the same protection as those buying from traditional travel agents.
South West MEP Ashley Fox said, “These new rules bring our consumer rights further into the digital age and will reassure holiday makers when they book "
A report from a group of MEPs on bringing in common EU rules for European Parliament elections has been branded "interfering and unnecessary" by the leader of the Conservative delegation in the European Parliament, Ashley Fox.
Huge telephone bills ruining your holiday budget, an internet connection not delivering on its promises and an end to small start ups being penalised in favour of large companies: these experiences will be soon old memories.
The leader of the Conservative delegation in the European Parliament, Ashley Fox, has warned that proposals for compulsory relocation of refugees and migrants will do nothing to solve the current crisis.
South West MEP Ashley Fox has welcomed confirmation that the European Commission is to bring in an exemption from EU VAT rules for microbusinesses.
The sovereignty of Gibraltar will not be discussed by the EU’s Council of Minister after Gibraltar MEP Ashley Fox and his colleagues persuaded fellow parliamentarians to delete a needless reference to Gibraltar in a report on EU transport policy.
The EU Commission has signalled it will consider allowing a tax exemption for the South West’s small cider and perry producers.
Local MEP, Ashley Fox (Conservative), met with Dr Bryan Carroll this morning at Bristol Zoological Society’s Wild Place Project just North of Bristol to

########
Rank: 12
Score: 26.930717
Retrieved Text: Based on the theme of a lost Chinese city, this slot game has been developed by the Red Tiger casino entertainment producers. Imperial Palace exudes the essence of the royal kingdom, making the play more interesting. You can place your bet on twenty different pay lines and the symbols on the screen appear on five reels.
Once hit the jackpot, you will definitely win up to 5000 extra coins than what you already have in your court. The wild feature is triggered by the humongous WILD symbol written in gold once it appears on the screen randomly. The game has earned an RTP of 95%.
If you enjoyed playing Imperial Palace, try to play for real money in the online casinos we recommend. You can find the list on left or right side of the Slotzzz.com website.
Mermaids Millions is a video slot which is a product of Microgaming. This company is definitely one of the best on the market with similar products.
Flaming Fox slot game was a creation of Red Tiger Gaming and is considered a great online slot for having outstanding graphics and sound effects.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 26.843473
Retrieved Text: (Red Fox (Vulpes vulpes) - 01) In late April, we spotted five baby red foxes playing outside their home; this is a photo of one of them. We has preciously seen momma's foot prints in the snows of February and March. Her home had been previously occupied by a family of gray fox (See: Our Neighbors: The Foxes).
(Red Fox (Vulpes vulpes) - 02) This is another of the red fox babies on the roof of the woodpile home. The female red fox conceives during late December to early January, and have only one family a year. The gestation period is only about 7-1/2 weeks, and usually between 3-5 blind babies (kits) are born in late February to the beginning of March.
(Red Fox (Vulpes vulpes) - 03) This is another photo of this red fox baby. They move very quickly and it is difficult to get a photo of them without some part of their body being blurred. The babies eyes open after about 1-1/2 weeks and they remain in their home for another three to four weeks until they are partially weaned; they are fully weaned about 2 months after birth. Within another couple of weeks after first emerging from their home, they are romping and playing all around their home, which is when we first saw them. In this photo we can also see the red fox characteristic reddish upper body coloring with black legs and feet and a white tipped tail.
(Red Fox (Vulpes vulpes) - 04) This is a photo of another one of

########
Rank: 14
Score: 26.7943
Retrieved Text: The Wild Game Chili Cook-Off is an annual, non-partisan event held in Richmond while the legislature is in session. The event has evolved over the years since it began in 1992 and is for anyone who roams the grounds of Capitol Square - legislators, staff, state officials, lobbyists and friends. Recipes from recent years have included: wild boar, bison, venison, kangaroo, bear, moose, dove, goose, pheasant, caribou and elk. All participants are welcome to vote online for their favorite chili, and trophies will be awarded to the top three vote-getters. The Chili Cook-Off has been featured in the Food Network Magazine, Style Weekly, Richmond Navigator and The Virginian-Pilot.
This FREE, two-day course includes the opportunity to safely shoot rifles, shotguns and compound bows; safely climb a tree stand; safely cross a fence and stream; and trail a wounded animal under the direction of experienced instructors. At the end of Day 1, students will receive their Hunter Safety certificate via the Virginia Department of Game and Inland Fisheries. All live fire and field activities occur on Day 2. Lunch will be provided by the Virginia Sportsmen's Foundation on both days.
On Saturday, March 3, 2018, the Virginia Sportsmen's Foundation is partnering with 001 Outdoor Outfitters to host a pheasant hunt with combat veterans on a private preserve in Albemarle County. Your fully-charitable donation will support this event as well the non-profit’s other educational programs, including a youth hunter skills weekend, veteran fishing rodeo and mobile wing shooting unit. This annual hunt is limited to just 13 sponsors, who will

########
Rank: 15
Score: 26.381119
Retrieved Text: Several calls have come into the Jackson Extension Center in the past month regarding the Red Fox. You may have been lucky enough like myself to observe a “Red Fox” in the wild. My sighting was late one evening this month about 10:00 p.m. when I saw a red fox sprinting across the road in front of my truck about 20-30 yards. The athleticism of the red fox was something to behold! The lower legs and reddish coat immediately told me it was a “Red Fox.” Others, like myself, that have observed a rare sighting of a red fox most always want to know more about the wild animal. I did some research and found this general information.
The red fox is the one of two types of foxes found in North Carolina. The other is the gray fox.
The red fox is named for its reddish or orangish coloration. The tail, body and top of the head are all some shade of yellow-orange to reddish-orange. The undersides are light, and the tips of the ears and lower legs are black.
The tail is long (about 70 percent as long as the head and body length), bushy and has a white tip. Adults are the size of a small dog and weigh from 7.7 to 15.4 pounds. Males are on average 2 lbs. heavier than females.
Red foxes, like other wildlife species, prefer a diversity of habitats rather than large tracts of one habitat type. Preferred habitats include farmland, pastures, brushy fields and open forest stands. They frequently hunt the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 26.293514
Retrieved Text: The European red fox is now a declared pest species in NSW meaning there is now a legal requirement for public land managers and private landholders to control foxes on their land. The most effective and efficient control is achieved through a group control program.
The Cross-property planning project is offering FREE baits to project landholders and 50% off the cost of baits for other landholders in the area (up to 100 baits per property).
days prior to the collection date.
Riverina LLS is also offering landholders the chance to participate in a Feral Fighters Program which gives landholders free pesticide training during the prescribed months of the control program, an aerial map of your property for planning purposes and 30 free baits during the autumn and spring fox and wild dog program. To register for this please contact Richard Lloyd on the number below.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 26.127571
Retrieved Text: Very little is known about this company of taxidermists. It is understood that Jefferies of they were initially master carvers and guilders and moved to Wales from London and operated from King Street in Carmarthen for a significant number of years. The quality of the taxidermy is very good, if not a little repetitive. Perhaps their main regional competitor at the time was James Hutchings, who like Jefferies had a very distinct style in case production.
Fox in ambush by Jefferies of Carmarthen.
Whilst Jefferies cases bear a similarity to those of James Hutchings in terms of basic design and internal layout, Jefferies cases were nearly always constructed of Mahogany and or English Oak wood. Hutchings on the other hand tended to build cruder pine cases, using "clout nails to hold them together. Jefferies on the other hand dovetailed joints and left the wood exposed and polished. These cases are far more substantial and a good deal heavier. It is ironic however that Hutchings cases are looked on as better value.
I must admit that Hutchings taxidermy is superb, but the case construction is a little "Heath Robinson". Both taxidermists operated at a similar time and both in Wales. More has been written about Hutchings. The Jefferies family business closed its doors in 1933, leaving behind a natural history legacy for others to collect and admire. If anyone has any further information on this firm then please feel free to contact us.
Victorian Tawny Owl by Jefferies of Carmarthen.
Nice decorative Otter by Jefferies of Camarthen.
Victorian Polecat by Jefferies of Carmarthen.
Victorian

########
Rank: 18
Score: 26.115263
Retrieved Text: The Red Fox has been around for as long as the Regalian Empire has been established. From as early as 3 AC have the commoners and nobility of Dragenthal alike been hunting this animal, and in the year of 304 AC have they come into semi-domestication. While docile towards Ailor at first, wild foxes are certain to flee on sight. This nature did not continue into the later years of their history, as the surrounding Ailor decided to hunt the fox for it’s tail meat and oddly textured tongues. This behaviour drove most of them into a corner, forcing the adoption of aggressive behaviour around 150 AC, those that survived being hunted passed on the traits that helped them survive, elongated tongues and sharper teeth.. This steady flow of adaptations to their environment led to a stable population despite the popular hunt for them, they began building burrows underground and bushes where applicable. Thanks to their large breeding rate, they’re also enjoying a slight population upturn due to the small pockets of domestication. Due to the traits that the Red Fur Fox is adopting, they’re spreading from Dragenthal to the southern areas of Anglia and the northern areas of Vixhall, as well as the forests of the Regalian Archipelago.
The Red Fur Fox comes in varying shades of red as the name implies. They can be from burgundy in tone to ginger, though always sport darker furs around their legs and paws. Interestingly enough, some foxes have spirals of lighter shades of red that form a helix

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.994324
Retrieved Text: The African wild dog, also called Cape hunting dog or painted dog, typically roams the open plains and sparse woodlands of sub-Saharan Africa.
These long-legged canines have only four toes per foot, unlike other dogs, which have five toes on their forefeet. The dog's Latin name means “painted wolf,” referring to the animal's irregular, mottled coat, which features patches of red, black, brown, white, and yellow fur. Each animal has its own unique coat pattern, and all have big, rounded ears.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 25.853487
Retrieved Text: We have been very fortunate this season to have visits from a large array of wildlife.
Hilary had a broad-winged hawk fly into the side of her car, and was able to rehabilitate and release it into the wild. It was very entertaining living with a large raptor, and he proved to be quite intelligent and thought of Hilary as his mother. The little hawk has returned for his favorite treat of dew worms a few times, and occasionally he does fly by the resort. We wish him well on his journey south this winter.
The other regular visitors to Pine Grove, have been a family of Red Fox. They mainly spend their time by The Farmhouse, often making their presence known around the fire...perhaps looking for a handout. While we do not condone feeding wild animals, it was very neat to see them up close. The resident snowshoe hare family was not impressed by the fox lurking around and we assume they wont be feeding off our garden in quite the same numbers!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 25.591993
Retrieved Text: ▹ In connecting with our surroundings, it is important to make room for those walks which have no purpose other than simply walking – doing nothing but just wandering along.
Yourself, alone or with your circle's companions, possibly bare feet weather and location permitting.
Give it a try: Go out 15 mins during the day and meander. Silence or turn off your phone and really disconnect from your digital assistant. Start your No Purpose walk breathing slowly in and out for a few breaths.
If you are in Nature, take the activity a notch further, and walk as silently as you can – even better: try Fox walking!
Fox Walking is actually great for tons of reasons including health. Although there is not necessarily scientific evidence of this, still people who Fox walk acknowledge that it eases physical pains such as back pain (likely because it simply involves relaxing your body), and increases senses awareness.
You might feel at odds when first walking this way. But with time, you might realize that this is ‘the good way’ to move in a forest because it maximizes our awareness of what lies and lives around us. To optimize the experience you can try it bare feet!
When your foot comes down, the first point of contact should be the outside ball of your foot that is closest to your little toe.
Then roll your foot laterally until the outside ball and inside ball of your foot are both making contact with the earth.
Lower your heel so that your entire foot is in contact with the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 25.424648
Retrieved Text: My book ‘Street Food of India’ came out in the right time when people are starting to realize that this phenomenon, so much a part of daily life in India, might not look the same way forever.
For the people of India, street food is an every day thing, like the sacred cow that roams the streets. Nevertheless, as incomes rise and ways of eating change, the inevitable is happening and the street-side treats may soon be a thing of the past. Street food, that symbol of wild, chaotic, urban India, is slowly being harnessed.
And see ‘Mail Today’ on 03/15/2009 (see picture).

########
Rank: 23
Score: 25.379452
Retrieved Text: Flaming Fox is a brand-new action-packed slot game from Red Tiger Gaming. The star of this five-reel, twenty payline slot game is the Flaming Fox, a bit like the Kung-Fu Panda, but only more prone to setting fire to stuff. To play the slot game will cost players a minimum of 20p per spin, with a top bet on offer of £20 per spin. Players will be able to play this slot on their mobile, tablet or desktop computer and no matter the device the top prize on offer is always 300x your stake. On Flaming Fox, there is a wild symbol, Flaming Feature, and a Free Spins bonus feature.
Red Tiger Gaming is one of the biggest and best-known casino games developers in the world with previous titles including Red Dragon and Masquerade.
Flaming Fox is a typical Red Tiger Gaming slot, it's big and bold and has a creative and well thought out design. The game is set in a martial arts dojo, and the reel sits on that and has an almost transparent design to them. As you spin players will be wowed by the various animations that occur throughout, including the Flaming Fox himself performing arson on the reels during the bonus feature.
Red Tiger Gaming likes to create highly volatile slot games which have lots of special little additions. On Flaming Fox, players will find plenty of those additions, maybe not as much as on some of their more complex titles, but certainly enough to keep things very interesting.
Firstly, you have the wild symbol,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 25.294039
Retrieved Text: Welcome to the gallery of CANINE images. As this collection grows, I hope to split it up into the various types of canids (fox, coyote, wolf). For now, they're all together.
The photos you wil see on my site are a mix of WILD shots and CAPTIVE shots. As a rule of thumb, photos of animals which are relatively easy to find in the wilds of Southern Alberta (coyotes and some fox) may have been taken in the wild. Images of the elusive wolf will be the result of spending time with captive animals. I have had the opportunity to photograph captive animals in zoos, on game farms and at rescue/educational facilities.
Is it the end of a long day... or is there a mouse stirring just before sunset?
Silver fox climbs a tree for a better view to help satisfy it's curiosity!
This silver fox took off with SPEED!!!
Wolf communication at sunset - Howling good time!!
Only a few weeks old, these three red fox kits are just beginning to explore their environment.
Very handsome silver fox, focussed in it's own curiosity, along a dry riverbank.
By the Pond. Appeared in Calgary Stampede Western Showcase 2013.
A savvy old alpha wolf peers from behind cover, wondering what's going on.
An adult red fox interacts with its kits, just outside the den - a hollow tree.
Silver fox hunting along an embankment.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.251894
Retrieved Text: Situated in the northwestern corner of Colorado, where the placid waters of the Yampa River flow by, Maybell is just 30 miles downstream from the town of Craig. The population, including the surrounding area, is around 100 community members.
This small ranching community is surrounded by rugged land covered with hearty sage, juniper, pinyon and ponderosa pines. Canyons carve the landscape and you are just as likely to see elk and eagles as you are another human.
Maybell’s remoteness and proximity to three state borders attracted the Wild Bunch outlaws in the 1860s. Today, a less “wild bunch” of bird watchers trace the outlaws’ tracks to Browns Park National Wildlife Refuge.
Did you know that you can still experience the “Cowboy Way” every Spring in Maybell?
Every spring when Sombrero Ranch trails nearly 700 head of horses from their winter pastures to their ranch West of Craig, they travel right through the middle of town. Sleepy little Maybell comes alive with the excitement of the pop of the cowboy’s whip and the sound of hooves pounding the pavement. You can catch all of the action from just inside the border fences of Maybell Park. When you visit Maybell you will be walking the same trails as outlaws and characters such as Butch Cassidy, Isom Dart, Tom Horn, Ora Haley, Annie Bassett, Tom Emerson, Charlie Mantle, and A.G. and Augusta Wallihan.
Did you know that the town of Maybell is the last stop on the way to the Sand Wash Basin Wild Horse Herd Management Area?
West of Maybell on Hwy 318 is

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.128288
Retrieved Text: ﻿ The Red Fox of Wild Rose, Inc.
The Red Fox of Wild Rose, Inc.
N5285 E. Little Silver Lake Rd.
*Whether dinning out or preparing food at home, consuming raw or under cooked meats, poultry, seafood, shellfish or eggs may increase your risk of foodborne illness.
Copyright 2014 The Red Fox of Wild Rose, Inc.. All rights reserved.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.048136
Retrieved Text: So last night was bookgroup. This month’s book was The Whistling Season by Ivan Doig. It’s good, although I’m not quite finished with it yet.
This month’s meeting was in Kensington at Karen’s house and I thought I knew how to get to her house, but I ended up parking several blocks away. Luckily I ran into another member, also wandering around the neighborhood, wondering where the house was. We finally found it and all was good.
While I was wandering around the neighborhood alone I disturbed a rabbit who scampered across the road. I also thought I saw a larger animal on the other side of a hedge in someone’s side yard. I first thought it was a dog, but it didn’t bark and seemed almost ghostlike in its movements. I dismissed it as my imagination or maybe a large scrap of paper being blown by the strong breeze.
After the meeting as I drove down a side street, back to the main road that would take me home, a large animal crossed in front of me and this time I could not dismiss it as paper or my imagination. I think it was a small deer. Then, back on Cedar Lane, the main drag through this part of Kensington, a red fox crossed in front of me and ran into the trees.
Now that I think about it — I’m not surprised to see wildlife in Kensington. After all, Rock Creek Park runs along the western and southern boundries of this town, and I was within blocks of

########
Rank: 28
Score: 24.894484
Retrieved Text: Why should you go to the play "My wild pet fox"?
1. A touching story that inspires.
2. Protect nature needs to learn from childhood.
3. Become part of the rescue team.
How nice to have a pet that is always there and makes life more fun. Someone is a fluffy fat cat or a tender, cheerful dog, or maybe you can’t imagine how you would live without a cute guinea pig or a motley talking parrot.
The main character of the production is the girl Sonya. She also loves pet animals, but she would never have thought that a real wild fox would once live in her house. Yes, you heard it right! A wild fox named Mark ran away from his native forest, because he was in terrible danger.
Sonya decides to help Mark. And together they begin to assemble a team that wants to protect the trees from cutting, nature from piles of garbage, and animals from death. We invite your children to join this team of lifeguards! To save our planet, we need everyone’s help.
The play "My wild pet fox" is in Ukrainian.
Recommended for children from 4 to 10 years.
So, we are waiting for you at this inspiring and informative performance. Time to save the Earth!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 24.86804
Retrieved Text: Mariposa means butterfly in Spanish. It is a place to change, to grow and learn. What started in 1971 as a private alternative school has evolved into a nonprofit corporation dedicated to the enrichment and education of people of all ages by providing a unique opportunity to be in the natural world, to relax, to learn, and to reflect.
Local flora and fauna include native wildflowers, oak and fir woodlands, black tail deer, wild turkeys, ravens, turkey vultures, redtail and other hawks, California quail, raccoons, mountain lion, red fox and sometimes bear. There are seasonal creeks, hiking trails, a meadow, an abandoned orchard, and a waterfall in the winter.
On the north side of the creek are the school buildings and restrooms. These include a large classroom, an art room, a kitchen and dining room, a bunkhouse, a barn, a yurt and a garden. On the south side are 10 small cabins which are private residences. There is also a small labyrinth maze which was built by students in Ukiah.
Birds, bees and butterflies are at work spreading pollen and seeds; a perpetual planting program. Squirrel, deer, quail and wild turkeys help to distribute seeds. They raise their families here year after year and feel like family to us too.
The Mariposa Institute holds land and its associated facilities to nurture and support educational programs that will promote a humane, equitable, sustainable and regenerative human culture that can coexist on this earth in harmony with all life. The facilities and land should be made available for use to local and

================



======= Instance Index 30 =========
Input Text: A father was trying to teach his daughter to throw a football, she didn't want to and figured her dad wanted a what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- son
- brother
- daughtercard
- man
- boy

Target Text: boy

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 48.29867
Retrieved Text: A young woman was talking to her dad one day and decided to be open with him and share that she was miserable and was struggling to carry on in her business. She had had enough of keeping trying all the time. She felt that as soon as she solved one problem, another one seemed to appear. She was tired of it and wanted out.
Her dad, who was a chef, took her to the kitchen where he put three pots of water on a high fire and brought them to the boil.
He added a potato to the first pot, an egg to the second one and ground coffee beans to the third pot.
His daughter complained and waited impatiently whilst the three pots were boiling. Her dad didn't say a thing.
After about 20 minutes, he took the pots off the fire and took out the potatoes and eggs and placed them in two bowls. He then ladled the coffee into a cup.
He then asked his daughter to describe what she could see. She quickly replied, "Potatoes, eggs and coffee of course!"
Her dad encouraged her to look closer. Really look at each item, touch it and describe it.
"The potato is soft and the egg is hard boiled", she said. She tasted the coffee and it tasted great! "Dad, what are you trying to teach me?", she asked.
"The potatoes, eggs and coffee beans all faced the same adversity, being in the boiling water BUT each one reacted differently", he replied.
"The potato went in strong, hard and unrelenting, but in

########
Rank: 1
Score: 47.533943
Retrieved Text: Scott Mackintosh readily admits that he is "a bit protective" of his four daughters and three sons, but says it comes with the territory of being a dad.
"Some may call me old fashion[ed]," the Utah County father wrote in a blog post, "but I call it 'a dad who loves his daughters' (and sons, too). I know some of you may be rolling your eyes and that's OK; my daughter does it all the time."
It was that same daughter who forced him to write that blog post in the first place so he could set the record straight.
You see, a couple weeks back, Mackintosh found himself "going viral" — a concept he confesses "an old dad like me is not familiar with" — after his daughter posted a photo of him in short-shorts and a "best dad ever" tee to her Tumblr page.
Looking to explain how that photo came to be, Mackintosh took to Becky Mack's Blog of Mild Chaos to explain himself.
It seems it all started with an impromptu attempt to teach his daughter the value of dressing more modestly.
One "family night" back in August, the Mackintoshes was getting ready to go out miniature golfing, when Scott heard his wife ask their daughter to change into "longer shorts" — a request that was abruptly refused with a resounding "NO!"
"Instead of turning her response and disrespectful attitude into a major battle, I decided to make a "small" statement on how her short-shorts maybe aren't as "cute" as she thinks," Mackintosh writes.
Using a pair of scissors he

########
Rank: 2
Score: 45.171207
Retrieved Text: "Mom, I don't remember you and my Dad fighting, not one time."
I laughed and informed her that we did fight but she didn't need to know about that stuff. She was three years old when we divorced, she's nearly 21 years old now.
I explained that I had a realization when we separated and called her Dad with it. I said, "I've realized that I Love my Daughter MORE than I dislike you right now, figured you probably feel the same. So I propose we make peace with each other, because SHE is the most important person involved here. We have a daughter to raise, let's do it together."
Every time I began to feel upset, I asked myself, "Is it more important than my daughter?" No. Then I'd let it go without a huge fight, choosing LOVE, instead of war.
I appreciated that her Dad paid his child support on time and saw her every other weekend. I was thankful for that! We didn't badmouth each other, when the questions eventually came about why we weren't together anymore... she asked him first. It was surprising what she came home to tell me!
He told her all about how HE MESSED UP, listing this and that, sharing we were young and didn't really know what we were doing.
I was shocked! There was no badmouthing at all.
I answered same question... shared how I MESSED UP, listing this and that, sharing that we were young and didn't really know what we were doing. There was no badmouthing. I shared for the first

########
Rank: 3
Score: 44.782364
Retrieved Text: A photo of Trevor and Devon McCabe from a GoFundMe page to pay for medical expenses.
Her mom didn't realize Molly even knew how to use FaceTime...until she got a call while at work from her sobbing daughter.
So many studies warn about the dangers of electronics and young children.
In this case, an iPhone and a tech-savvy toddler saved a man's life.
Molly McCabe, 3, was home with her father and 1-year-old sister during the July 4th holiday when she saw her father start convulsing on the floor of the family's home in Virginia.
Molly grabbed her father's iPhone and FaceTimed her mother, a nurse at the nearby hospital's neurointensive care unit. When her mother didn't answer, she called again, according to an account by the Winchester Star.
"She was sobbing, crying, 'Look at daddy, look at daddy.' I was immediately aware that something was wrong," Devon McCabe described to the Winchester Star.
Not only did Molly manage to call her mom, she also turned the phone around to show her what was happening to her dad.
Devon McCabe told her daughter she'd be home soon, called 911 and called a neighbor to go the house.
At the hospital, her husband was placed on life support. He had suffered a stroke.
Devon, 29, said the family FaceTimes the grandparents every other day, but SHE makes the calls. She didn't even know that her daughter knew how to use FaceTime. She guesses her daughter has seen her do it so many times that she figured it out.
Her husband, Trevor, is recovering and she owes it all

########
Rank: 4
Score: 44.10819
Retrieved Text: I have spent the last few days reflecting on the profound impact my Dad has had on my life; these thoughts were spurred on by Father’s Day quickly approaching, and by the fact that my Dad is here this week visiting from Alberta. He has shaped the person I’ve become in innumerable ways, and many of these ways are quite unique to the Dad-Daughter bond. With my husband and I learning the ropes with our 3-month-old baby girl, I wanted to put my thoughts into words for him (my husband) and him (my Dad) to see.
To the ‘Dads-of-Daughters’ out there: here are ten of the life lessons that you will teach your daughters, whether you mean to or not…..
10. You will teach your daughter how to expect to be treated by the men in her life. Her boyfriends. Her husband. She will watch how you treat her mother, and that is what she will expect.
9. You will teach your daughter that she doesn’t need a man in her life, but she may want one.
8. You will teach your daughter that she’s smart when you praise her brains. You will teach your daughter that she’s pretty when you praise her beauty. You will teach your daughter that she’s funny when you praise her humour. So tell her she’s smart. Tell her she’s pretty. Tell her she’s funny.
7. You will teach your daughter how to throw a ball. And when you do, don’t teach her to ‘throw like a girl’. Play catch with your daughters. And teach them

########
Rank: 5
Score: 43.56608
Retrieved Text: A father and daughter were reunited after 24 years apart in a very touching Father’s day story that went nationwide. Amy Roberson had been looking for her dad for years. The 24-year old was put up for adoption as a baby and recently found out that both she and her dad were volunteering at the same rescue mission.
After years of wanting to speak to her father, the young lady made the call to talk to her dad.
Amy’s father says that he was not ready for parenthood when his daughter was born. He does say that he’d hoped that he would see her again. So, he says that the call from his daughter was a dream come true.
“For me to hear on the other end and she said ‘Please say something, my heart’s beating through my chest..’ The only thing I could tell her was everything’s going to be okay… every-thing’s going to be alright,” said Will.
It was after the two began talking that they figured out that they both worked at the same rescue mission. The two had been working for the same organization, at the same time, at different locations. This revelation stunned them both.
“She said, oh, that’s where I volunteer,” said Will.
Amy says that this meeting with her dad further confirms her faith that God will always make things right. “It’s never a hopeless situation, if it’s meant to be he’ll make it in his time. “God has perfect timing,” said Amy.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 43.32341
Retrieved Text: Jennifer Grant reminisces about the first 20 years of her life; the years when her father was alive. Although the book goes back and forth through time freely, the reader never gets lost. Each chapter has a theme which anchors it and the progression of the book feels chronological even when it isn't. The author tried to capture the "essence of Dad's soul" when writing this book. It's not minute-by-minute account of 20 years past rather a way to portray her father the way she knew him. The title, Good Stuff, refers to something Cary Grant would say alot. The author says, "Dad used the expression 'good stuff' to declare happiness or, as one of his friends put it, he said it when please with the nature of things." The Cary Grant in this book is very happy to have finally had a child, one he could dote upon, teach, and most importantly love. You get the sense that he is scared of death because he doesn't want to miss those precious moments of his life. He didn't want to miss the good stuff.
Jennifer Grant is intelligent, observant and thoughtful and shares the most wonderful memories of her dad. At first I thought she came off a bit snooty, however, as I continued to read the book I realized that this is a woman who truly adored, loved and appreciated her father. She doesn't read any biographies about him. Before he passed away, Cary Grant warned his daughter that after his death people would say things

########
Rank: 7
Score: 43.255245
Retrieved Text: The father of a woman found murdered in her Milwaukee home says the system failed her after his daughter repeatedly asked for help for domestic abuse and found very little.
According to the victim’s father, Todd Dischler, Tyvitta Dischler was trying to divorce her husband after a pattern of gruesome abuse. However, she was found dead in her Brentwood home Wednesday when police searched the house.
"There's a life here that's gone because nobody listened," Todd says.
Dischler says his daughter did not have to die - that she was a victim of domestic violence, but was not getting any help. A month ago, she filed a temporary restraining order against her husband, but that order was denied.
"The whole system failed," Dischler said. "I'm a dad, that's my oldest daughter. My oldest kid, gone because a court system and a police system didn't work."
"The court commissioner said no, there is insufficient evidence. She called me Monday and said, 'Dad they wouldn't listen to me. I have the evidence but they wouldn't listen to me,'" he said.
That evidence, according to her dad, included dozens of text messages threatening to kill Tyvitta. She also wrote a statement of abuse, and in one instance Dischler said she was hospitalized after a beating.
Tyvitta eventually went to the police and contacted a women's shelter. But after her restraining order was denied she wrote TODAY’S TMJ4 a letter saying she needed help.
"While I was sleeping my husband hit me in the head twice with a wooden rolling pin,” Tyvitta wrote. “For another five to ten

########
Rank: 8
Score: 43.125103
Retrieved Text: During the autumn of 2007 I was residing in Montana, this is where I met Linda. She explained that she moved away from her husband because his depression had pushed her and pushed her and put her in danger. I know it was naive of me, but for some reason I didn't understand what depression really meant until I heard this woman talking about her husband. She said being in a family with someone who suffers with depression was like a show dog. Her theory was how show dogs are well trained at not showing any weakness. While most people treat there dogs beatifully, my friend said other dogs were starved and beaten and felt threatened by their owners, but they preformed empiably. She said this was what her life was like, her husband was so scared to ask for help. So instead of counseling, medication, and/or therapy, her husband's depression had created a huge wedge in their marriage, worse his inaction to receive help had pushed their teenager to a breaking point. She decided she would have to leave to keep her child safe.
The more I visited and talked with Linda, I realized that what she had been describing was my whole life, the never knowing who you were going to deal with that day, the screaming, the throwing things, the trying to make everything perfect. I was all-too familiar with her story, as it had been my own.
My father suffers from severe depression. I had never understood what the problem was before that moment

########
Rank: 9
Score: 42.625328
Retrieved Text: How Can Parents Effectively Communicate With Their Kids?
As parents, all you ever want for your kids is the best. You work hard to teach them the essential lessons in life that will help them have a bright future. You want your kids to be safe, learn, grow, and make good decisions. Most of all, you want them to be happy. What you want is universal and noble.
In a previous post How to Communicate Effectively With Your Kids, I shared 5 tools parents can use to communicate more effectively with their kids.
The father in this story used tool #5 to have an effective and productive conversation with his daughter.
This father is approaching his twelve-year-old daughter, Samantha, about wearing makeup.
First some facts. Samantha is more intelligent than most of her peers and is physically developing faster than other girls her age. While many of her friends have already started wearing makeup, her father believes that using makeup would make Samantha look much older. Samantha’s dad is much older than most of her friends’ fathers and he describes himself as a conservative. He wants to approach this topic in a way that doesn’t cause a power struggle. Most importantly, he wants to make sure his daughter understands his feelings about the issue.
So far, all Dad has accomplished is to build some alliance, validate some feelings, and create a listener. Notice he doesn’t follow his statement with a “but”.
“You will wear makeup and I’ll make sure that it’s good quality makeup that’s good for your skin.
Now the lines of negotiation

########
Rank: 10
Score: 42.26467
Retrieved Text: A father is always making his baby into a little woman. And when she is a woman he turns her back again.
That is the thankless position of the father in the family - the provider for all, and the enemy of all.
A king, realizing his incompetence, can either delegate or abdicate his duties. A father can do neither. If only sons could see the paradox, they would understand the dilemma.
He didn't tell me how to live; he lived, and let me watch him do it.
A truly rich man is one whose children run into his arms when his hands are empty.
A father carries pictures where his money used to be.
Any man can be a father. It takes someone special to be a dad.
Why are men reluctant to become fathers? They aren't through being children.
There are three stages of a man's life: He believes in Santa Claus, he doesn't believe in Santa Claus, he is Santa Claus.
Dad taught me everything I know. Unfortunately, he didn't teach me everything he knows.
Becoming a father isn't difficult, But it's very difficult to be a father.
There's no pillow quite so soft as a father's strong shoulder.
My father was an amazing man. The older I got, the smarter he got.
No man is responsible for his father. That was entirely his mother's affair.
It is a great moment in life when a father sees a son grow taller than he or reach farther.
What a father says to his children is not heard by the world, but it will be heard by posterity.
Babies don't need

########
Rank: 11
Score: 42.255875
Retrieved Text: From Goodreads ~ At thirty-three Sara Gallagher is finally happy. Her antique furniture restoration business is taking off and she’s engaged to a wonderful man. But there’s one big question that still haunts her - who are her birth parents? Sara is finally ready to find out.
Sara’s birth mother rejects her - again. Then she discovers her biological father is an infamous killer who’s been hunting women every summer for almost forty years. Sara tries to come to terms with her horrifying parentage - and her fears that she’s inherited more than his looks. But soon Sara realizes the only thing worse than finding out your father is a killer is him inding out about you.
Sara is 33 and about to get married to Evan. She is the oldest of three girls and has always known she was adopted. Growing up, her mother was great but her father didn't treat her as well as her treated his "real" daughters. She always fantasized about finding her birth parents and everything would be okay. She hires a detective to find her birth parents and he does. Her birth mother wants nothing to do with her. When she finds out that her birth father is a serial killer, she obviously wants nothing to do with him ... but he has other ideas and finds her and wants to be a dad.
Working with the police, she tries to draw her father in so he can be captured. But in doing this, she puts her life and that of her family

########
Rank: 12
Score: 42.160004
Retrieved Text: West King couldn't believe that he was visiting his daughter at Brightstone to lecture her on her behavior at school. Bubotober pus, what made her thinks that was a good idea? Had West taught her nothing about respect and knowing when to be silent instead of joining in. In Primary he'd always known his daughter drew people to her, she was like he was in school with more social graces. She had always been popular, and forcing her to make the right decisions was never an option. She had to make them on her own. "Pho you aren't even listening to me." The man stopped walking. "Listen, I know that you thought it was funny, I know it's harmless, but you got in trouble at the school. I don't want this to be like your primary years where they end up making me transfer your schools because of your behavior." His pre-teen daughter rolled her aqua orbs. "After I buy some ingredients I'll let you out on your own, but for now we are going to - umf." West had been so busy paying attention to his daughters grumpy, freckled face, he hadn't even bothered to watch where he was going. He nearly toppled the person over and moved quickly so as not to.
"I'm so sorry!" West responded quickly, feeling embarrassed he had been so clumsy.
Asphodel couldn't help but feel like her father was taking what happened too seriously. It wasn't as if anyone got hurt, except maybe that professor - and it was a knee

########
Rank: 13
Score: 42.151638
Retrieved Text: If parents did what DCFS/CPS did to my children, I would be brought up on emotional and educational abuse of my children.
Because I took my son to the hospital for help in a rage od anger, my children were pulled out of school and interrogated for up to an hour.
Alone in a room with 2 people they didn't know on the opposite side of a table. All that was missing was the bright light and water.
My children should not be involved in adult disputes and I guess after questioning my children for for an hour with no answers to their questions, they figured it out.
But then when my children came home, they are full of all kinds of questions for me. Along with anger towards adults and police.
Lets stop the abuse of our children!
Please look at the following petitions and consider signing one or both of them.
According to you took the child to the hospital in a fit of rage. Why the hospital? Who was in a fit of rage?
Did the hospital call CPS? It is responsible for hospital to go CPS when there is any doubt about abuse. The cps seems to have acted responsibly too, they spoke to your kids privately.
CPS is not the one who was in a fit of rage and they were not the one who called them.
You seem to have a lot of anger but prehaps you should calm down and look at the true situation.
1500 children are KILIIED by parents yearly in the USA alone. That is a cold

########
Rank: 14
Score: 42.044704
Retrieved Text: The military becomes a tight knit family for people who are away from home. Service members share many unique experiences and when the time comes to deploy, they need "family" support that much more. For Tech. Sgt. John Trujillo and Senior Airman Kimberly Buzzell, the support network is not only available from their unit but also each other, as this father and daughter duo share their first deployment together at Bagram Airfield, Afghanistan.
Trujillo and Buzzell are both deployed from the Maine Air National Guard's 243rd Engineering Installation, and are currently deployed with Task Force Signal. While Trujillo has served for 26 years and is a cable antenna team chief, Buzzell has been in for five years, and is a radio frequency transmissions technician. For them the Air Force, deployments, and permanent changes of station have always been a normal way of life.
"My wife retired from active duty about nine years ago," Trujillo said. "We have traveled and lived everywhere and now that my daughter is older I think she appreciates the opportunities we had being a military family."
Five years ago, while Trujillo was deployed to Afghanistan, Buzzell enlisted in the same unit as her father. Trujillo came home to the surprise that his daughter was in the Air Force and part of his unit.
"My dad had mentioned the military, and I always wanted to join," Buzzell said. "Other plans happened; I got married and had kids, so a few years later I just decided to join."
Trujillo, although surprised, was proud of his daughter.
"I never pushed her

########
Rank: 15
Score: 41.978855
Retrieved Text: In honor of Father’s Day, moms share an ode to moments with their own fathers and how they see them now that they’re parents. You’re going to fall in love with these father-daughter photos.
There's something about looking at old photos with our parents now that we are the parents. It makes us swoon, absolutely, but we think there's something more to it. There are things that we now see, notice and feel through mothering lenses like how tired they look, what they're wearing, how much love — or annoyance — they have in their eyes. Becoming a parent makes us appreciate these photos in new ways, much like the appreciation for our parents themselves changes through the years. Six women share old photos with their fathers and what they see in them now that they are mothers.
Nina Badzin is a mom of four and a contributing writer to Brain, Child Magazine and Kveller who writes about family, marriage and life in general.
About her photo with her father, Badzin says, "I'm probably only two or three years old in this picture, so I don't remember where we were going or what we're doing. I can, however, now appreciate as a parent that all five of us are looking at the camera. I'm not exactly smiling, but I'm not crying either. My sisters are both sporting perfectly brushed hair, too. One of the things I've always loved so much about this photo is that I still see my dad as the guy with the big hair and long

########
Rank: 16
Score: 41.64271
Retrieved Text: There’s a cynical way to approach this and a ridiculous way.
Let’s start with the cynical.
Really, the film does little to advance the character of M, or Moneypenny, or Q. It has no development of Bautista. And barely anything for Chrstoph Waltz as Franz Oberhauser, also known as Ernst Stavro Blofeld, also known as HAS TOO MANY NAMES. What do we know about Franz? He runs Spectre. How he got to run Spectre???? No idea! He knew Bond when they were kids, then murdered his dad because his dad liked James. Okay. He’s also been the dude behind every plot Bond’s encountered over the four movies. We never see him really have an emotional reaction to anyone or anything other than James. We don’t know why people respect him. We don’t know why he should even be a threat to James. If that’s the lack of characterization for the main villain who is supposed to be the Ultimate Bad Guy for the franchise….why would we expect Madeleine to have an actual reason for falling in love with James Bond after 48 hours of knowing him?
The ridiculous way of answering this question.
Spectre goes out of its way to have Franz HAS TOO MANY NAMES mention that Madeleine would have been perfect for James because she’s the daughter of an assassin, so who better to appreciate James Bond, famous assassin?
That’s true. She did have an assassin/spy/killer guy for a father. She also disassociated herself from her father. And that means we can throw around a very stupid term that

########
Rank: 17
Score: 41.629974
Retrieved Text: As a sports psychology expert, Dr. Patrick Cohn helps athletes perform at their highest potential. But after his own 16-year-old daughter, who was being recruited by college coaches, recently quit playing competitive tennis, he realized his professional expertise was hindered by mistakes he was making as a sports dad.
And in a video that is a Mea culpa of sorts, Cohn acknowledges his parenting misstep with oldest daughter Patti by interviewing his younger daughter, 9-year-old Paula, to get advice on how sports parents should behave.
Cohn explains Patti’s decision to quit tennis by saying, “She felt too much pressure from the recruiting process and from trying to win in tournaments. And part of that was pressure I put on her as a dad. I don’t want to make the same mistakes with you,” he tells Paula, a recreational soccer player.
In response to her dad’s questions, Paula offers refreshingly frank advice.
“Tell them, ‘Good luck,’ ‘Have fun,’ or ‘It doesn’t matter if you win or lose,” she says.
In a phone interview with TODAY Parents, Cohn, who runs Peak Performance Sports in Orlando, Florida, says he is still in shock that Patti has stopped playing the sport she started at age 6. After years of training for several hours daily, “She hasn’t picked up a racket in two months…I’m not holding out for her to go back,” he said.
“I was a dad trying to encourage her to be the best she could be. She has mad skills,” he says proudly of Patti, who just finished her junior year of high school

########
Rank: 18
Score: 41.604664
Retrieved Text: I have a boyfriend that been living with me for 4yrs and he has a 15 year old daughter. After 4yrs i just found out she hates me. I stubbled on her journal and all it said was that she hates me and will try to beak me an her dad up. That she will make my life a living hell. Now i did nothing to this child i do things with her and buy her things and involve her in anything we do. I love her dearly and her father too. She aldo drew a picture of her and her dad all happy and her stabbing me with a knife i dont know what to make of this. Will she actually achieve in breaking me and her dad up. I cant tell her dad what i found he will think i snooped in her belongings what am i to do .
Has she said anything to her father about you? Does she act up when the two of you are alone or in front of her father? She's angry with you because she feels you might be trying to replace her mom. Is her mom a big part in her life? How does her mom feel about you? I wouldn't speak about what you read and you're right, they will be angry with you snooping. Personally, 19 years ago, I wrote a journal about my dad's girlfriend on how much I hated her. Yes, she found it, read it and told my dad about it. I

########
Rank: 19
Score: 41.370373
Retrieved Text: Invert the triangle and you'll be headed in the right direction.
Some of us need cause and effect scenarios in plain sight. Kids are perfect teachers. Their feedback is instant, in your face, relentless and uncensored.
I prefer to talk guidelines and strategies when it comes to raising our offspring. Leaves you room for interpretation and adaptation. Every family is unique. Every child is different. But we all want them out of diapers and paying their own bills eventually.
Under the mask is a first time Dad holding a newborn wondering how he is going to be a good enough father.
Under the mask is a single Dad trying to figure out what a Mom would do in this situation.
Under the mask is a devoted father praying his little leaguer hits the ball so he won’t have to convince him he’s still a winner.
Under the mask is a strong man in uniform, filthy from dirt and sweat, yearning desperately to see his family again.
Under the mask is a jobless father in despair telling his family it will be alright and things will come around real soon.
Under the mask is a salesman worn out from working under the pressure of a monolith when his wife and kids just want him home.
Under the mask is a distraught father comforting his broken-hearted daughter telling her the boy didn’t deserve her anyway.
Let’s face it. We appreciate our Dad’s masks.
This certainty that they will be there to lean on, to look up to.
This knowing that they will remain strong when we fall apart.
This faith that

########
Rank: 20
Score: 41.106106
Retrieved Text: Confused and not sure what to do!
Well not sure where to begin. I have three children. My oldest dd is 15 yrs old and sees her father all the time. My dd that is 5 yrs old doesn't know her father and I didn't know at the time that I was pregnant when her fahter and I broke it off. We never even got married.
Then my husband came along and we started dating. I found out that I was 5 months along. He has been there from day one. We have not told her anything about this. 2 yrs ago we got married and had a little boy. My son and I have my husbands last name and now my youngest dd wants hers to be the same also.
We have talked about adoption and/or just chaning her name. Her real father does not konw anything about her at all. It has been hard because she is always bringing it up that she has a different name.
My problem is when do we tell her that he is not her father? She only knows him as her father and nothing else. I am worried that someone will tell her before my husband and I can do that. Is there a right age to talk to a child about it?
mommy of 3, how blessed you are to have 3 children and a loving husband!
I have no idea what the experts will say.
I would tell your dd who is 5 the facts and let her questions about it guide how

########
Rank: 21
Score: 41.027397
Retrieved Text: In the spirit of Father’s Day, I thought it would be fun to invite my daughter, Samantha, to be my guest blogger. When asked what she’d learned from her dad, this is how she responded.
I learned so many important things from my dad that I’m honored and grateful to share.
When my dad realized I had an ear for language as well as for music, he decided to go out of his way (with continued motivation and perseverance) to teach me French. In those days, I was always repeating accents: Spanish, French, Italian, and mimicking them, which cracked everyone up. That’s what gave my dad the id ea to teach me a second language. My special ed schools were WAY too busy prioritizing their time and attention trying to teach everyone to communicate in English!
Every single Sunday, during our father/daughter brunches, Dad would teach me French. It was a very special way for him to share his love of French with me and for us to have a conversation that was easy-peasy and a lot of fun. I have such a wonderful memory, and I really loved making Dad proud of me when I remembered verbs and vocabulary words flawlessly. I also learned that it was okay to order chocolate chip pancakes and a blueberry muffin once in a blue moon.
My dad always told me I was very beautiful both inside and out. His compliments really helped me have faith and confidence in myself, especially around boys as I got older. When Dad realized that I loved

########
Rank: 22
Score: 40.955006
Retrieved Text: Meghan Markle's Public Statement About Her Dad Thomas Markle Sr.
Following days of speculation as to whether Meghan Markle's father, Thomas Markle, will attend the royal wedding on Saturday or not, the bride-to-be has issued an official statement.
Released via Kensington Palace on Thursday, the emotional announcement confirms her father will not be attending the Windsor Castle wedding, despite the fact Thomas was supposed to walk his daughter down the aisle.
"Sadly, my father will not be attending our wedding," the short statement read. Referencing Thomas Markle's rumored ill health (he is thought to have had a heart attack recently) as well as the media circus surrounding him, Meghan continued: "I have always cared for my father and hope he can be given the space he needs to focus on his health."
Turning her attention to the public, Meghan said: "I would like to thank everyone who has offered generous messages of support. Please know how much Harry and I look forward to sharing our special day with you on Saturday.
It now remains to be seen who will walk Meghan down the aisle. Bets suggest it's most likely to be Meghan's mother, Doria Ragland, who arrived in the UK last week ahead of the celebrations.
The speculation as to whether Thomas Markle would be attending the wedding or not started over the weekend, when a newspaper revealed paparazzi shots of the apparently reclusive man—featuring him reading up on British history as well as the royal family in internet cafes—were reportedly staged. It was claimed Mr. Markle had received a large sum

########
Rank: 23
Score: 40.89451
Retrieved Text: For the Scottsdale women running out onto the football field for the first time this year, there was more than just a game of footy ahead: there was the continuation of a legacy.
And when Scottsdale took out the inaugural Tasmanian Womens League North grand final against Evandale last week, that legacy was cemented.
An inversion of the father-son rule, many of the women played with father-daughter connections – something that wasn’t immediately in evidence with married names hiding the legendary Roozendaal, Dennis or Taylor.
Miranda Oliver is the daughter of AFL Tasmania legend Peter Roozendaal, a Scottsdale life member who played more than 400 games across his senior career.
Roozendaal represented Tasmania against the St Kilda-Richmond team in 1978, as well as contributing comprehensive power to the Scottsdale club through its dominance of the ‘80s.
Oliver said it was still hard to put into words the potency of such a connection, not only for herself and her father, but for the club and the wider community.
“All of the dads are behind us 100 per cent,” she said.
Playing alongside Oliver was team captain Alex Hall, daughter of the late Jamie Dennis who, like Roozendaal, contributed to Scottsdale’s dominance on the field.
For Hall and Oliver, there was an extra level to their connection.
“Particularly for Miranda and I, her dad and my dad were ruck/rover combination, and that’s actually ended up where we’ve ended up playing this year,” Hall said.
Oliver said the partnership with Hall was a particularly special experience.
“To be able to recreate that … was noted not just by us but

########
Rank: 24
Score: 40.813816
Retrieved Text: I am about to lose my husband because of his 13 year old son. He moved in with us a year ago without my consent; my husband didn't talk to me about this before it happened, he conveniently threw it in during a conversation 5 minutes before his son knocked on the door with his clothes. I have tried for a year to get over this but I can't. I have a 12 year old growing daughter who is no relation to this kid and I am not comfortable with him living in the house. He bullies her and doesn't like her. I don't know what to do, I feel like the best thing for me to do is seperate from my husband. Advice anyone?
He threw it in the conversation 10 minutes before the kid showed up! What? No that is so wrong!
I read your profile and saw the length of your relationship. You have known eachother for so long and have been married quite awhile for him to just do that out of the blue.(I would be dumbfounded and irate if my DH did that UNLESS it was just as surprising to him bc BMs tend to be unpleasantly surprising).Are there other issues ?
I'm sorry to be so blunt but family and conflict counseling might be beneficial.
Also are you allowed to discipline the critter(thats my nickname for my SS12 when he misbehaves lol-- minimizes my stress a bit)? The rules you apply for your daughter should apply to SS also. If not allowed to discipline

########
Rank: 25
Score: 40.71235
Retrieved Text: I have wanted to write this post for a while now. I just hadn’t found the time, but early this morning I saw a post that irritated me enough to get me to start writing. The post was called 12 Very Important Messages for Princess Loving Girls . What irritated me most about the post, you ask? Basically, everything in the post is telling girls THEIR choice to be a princess is WRONG.
Isn’t that the opposite of what we are trying to teach them by breaking down gender stereotypes? Aren’t we trying to show them that IT’S OKAY for them to be WHO THEY WANT TO BE!
I’ve seen it so many times that we shouldn’t encourage our girls to be princesses because all they do, is wait to be rescued. Instead we are to encourage them to be superheroes. Great! Let’s take a look at the most popular.
Let’s encourage our children to be Ironman, a spoiled rich kid, smart, with a BIG drinking problem. But hey he saves people so its okay!
Okay, no Ironman? How about Batman, look at that, another rich kid. This one never got over the tragedy of his parents death so he turned vigilante, which I’m pretty sure is illegal! On top of it all he lies to those he’s closest too. Yes, it might be to “keep them safe” but aren’t we trying to teach our children, a lie is a lie?
Then there is Superman, an alien with super powers. He too, lies to those closest to him.
Spiderman, bitten by a

########
Rank: 26
Score: 40.616085
Retrieved Text: About ten days ago, we went down to the German Embassy in London, to renew BK1's passport. The whole family had to go, because to renew a child's passport, the child and both parents need to be present. Sigh.
Anyway, 190 miles, one night, 110 gbp in hotel fee later and a lovely breakfast, here we are sat in the busy waiting hall of the German Embassy. Available is a good selection of children's books, mostly in German. The Babel Father is busy reading to BK1, while BK2 and I sit down a bit further away, to play.
We are sat next to another family: mum, dad, a 3-year old or a bit less girl and a small baby. The mum starts speaking to her daughter, in English, in a noticeable German accent. I think to myself, the dad must be British, poor mum, her efforts to teach her daughter German are probably not enough to counteract the influence of the father and the whole society.
Then the father asks his daughter:"Would you like Daddy to read you a book?" in an even heavier German accent. Hum. Now, this was not the odd English sentence. The parents would converse between themselves in German, then invariably and consistently switch to English whenever they spoke to their little girl. At one point, I heard the mother tell her daughter:"Your English is so much better than mine", in a somewhat proud tone. After about 40 minutes, hopelessly waiting for one of the parents to speak German to their little girl, I got

########
Rank: 27
Score: 40.5758
Retrieved Text: Parents share a kind of bond with their children that is different than any other relationship. It’s possibly because of the generational gap and the fact that they brought this new life into the world. Some parents keep their children’s drawings for years and most sacrifice so much for their children. They also have the power to embarrass them with old photo albums.
Bright Side has found photos that show how much parents are their children’s inspiration, influence, and support and thinks that they should be shared.
1. A son’s graduation day is made more special with his dad’s choice of tie.
2. How do you define a cool mom? One that helps her children get through a hard level in Super Mario Land.
3. To parent is to teach. Dad teaches his daughter how to play Go, a traditional Chinese board game.
4. This homeless mother may not have much, but she makes sure her daughter goes to school in a nice uniform.
5. How cool is it that there’s a mother-daughter crime-fighting duo?
6. A dad smiles at the sight of his son being a dad.
7. This woman does her duty for her country and her child.
8. As the son gets a taste of the driver’s seat, his dad dreams of the day when his son will be driving him around.
9. A mother-daughter flight crew piloted a Delta flight.
10. This father fainted at the sight of his newly born triplets.
11. This son and father share the joy at seeing their favorite team score a goal.
12. This dad may be a hero

########
Rank: 28
Score: 40.54474
Retrieved Text: Being pregnant and having my daughter was the happiest time of my life. I had a loving support system, and my baby and I were safe and healthy. But, these times were also the hardest and saddest of my life. My daughter’s biological father (more like sperm donor) and I were young and dumb, and our relationship had never really been healthy. I found out I was pregnant two weeks after leaving him, and even though I didn’t want to be with him, I was hoping we’d be able to co-parent. Wrong. He only wanted to see her when it was convenient for him, which was about 30 minutes to an hour a week. Not to mention he had treated me like crap throughout my pregnancy and was doing the same after her birth. Only this time, it was my daughter who was being mistreated. She’s not a toy that you can love while you’re playing with her, and then throw to the side when you’re done. She’s a child, a GIRL, who needs her dad.
I had to put my foot down. So, there I was—a single mom at 21.
The “happy parent” moments of my daughter’s early months I shared with family and friends. My “tribe” as I like to call them, helped me out a lot with caring for her. But even though we had all these amazing people in our lives, I was broken. I was hurting. Not for me, not because I was having to raise my daughter single, but because she didn’t

########
Rank: 29
Score: 40.44973
Retrieved Text: Abilities: As a daughter of Bellona, she is naturally skilled in swordsmanship and in hand-to-hand combat, especially Roundhouse kicks.
Telumkinesis - Instinctively know how to any weapon.
History: Born to the Goddess Bellona, fathered by Chuck Norris, she was not raised as a Daughter of his, but as an orphan, to keep it from being a scandal. As such, she was diagnosed with depression at an early age, since she didn't know who her parents were. Ironically, she reluctantly calls her Father, "Dad", not knowing that he is actually her Father. She still takes Xanax to this day to cope with her depression. Usually cheerful, she is generally depressed now and then. This is especially true around her birthday, where she is saddened she can't celebrate it with her birth father (again, she hasn't been told). She first came to the Camp 2 years ago, after being summoned to the Wolf House, and is a member of the second Cohort.

================



======= Instance Index 31 =========
Input Text: A fertilizer is making a flower grow, what is likely to happen next?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- more of
- flowering
- leaves
- harvesting
- blooms

Target Text: blooms

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 30.927547
Retrieved Text: Bloom Boosters are said to increase the number of flowers on your plant. Nonsense. They don’t work, and can actually make your soil toxic, making it more difficult for your plants to grow.
Bloom Booster – What is it?
Bloom Booster fertilizer is a fertilizer with a high middle fertilizer number – it is high in phosphorus. It may also have a higher than normal amount of potassium.
There is no such thing as a Bloom Booster fertilizer!
Any fertilizer with a high level of phosphorus can be considered to be a bloom booster fertilizer, even if the label just calls it fertilizer.
If you look at the fertilizer numbers in bloom booster products you quickly realize that every manufacturer’s formulation is different. That’s odd! If there was a special formulation that boosts flowers you would think all manufacturers would use the same formula? They don’t, because there is no such thing. These are just packages of fertilizer with the words ‘bloom booster’ slapped on the label.
Bloom booster fertilizer is nothing more than a marketing gimmick to get you to buy more fertilizer. Many people grow plants for the flowers, and so manufacturers are using your desire for more flowers to sell more products.
Bloom Boosters, Do They Work?
Will a high level of phosphorus increase the number of flowers?
The answer to this question is a bit more complex than it seems. Plants need a certain amount of phosphorus to grow properly. If they get enough phosphorus along with the other needed nutrients, plants will grow to their best ability and produce lots

########
Rank: 1
Score: 29.571178
Retrieved Text: The Afghan Marijuana Strain is a great choice for beginners. It is one of the easiest strains to grow since its growth and development is similar to that of a typical wild plant. This is because this strain did not undergo any sort of breeding or mixing, it comes from a relatively all-natural background.
Basically, the plant requires moderate maintenance. This is especially true when growing the plant outdoors and on regular soil. No fertilizer is needed as long as it is planted on healthy soil and watered regularly because it comes from wild origins. However, not giving any fertilizer or nutrients will most likely produce low quality buds. Protection from animals, birds, and insects is recommended when growing outdoors.
Unlike other strains that need the 12/12 photoperiod, there is no need to strictly monitor the amount of light it gets. As long as it gets light like any other plant, it will live and flower on its own. This means anyone can grow it even without expert knowledge.
Afghan seeds are a wee bit inferior compared to other strains when it comes to complexity but it more than makes up for it by providing a high yield and a decent amount of THC rather than CBN. THC is the psychoactive compound that gives quality high while CBN gives the sickly feeling.
It starts to flower within 8-9 weeks but this process can be optionally sped up by using the 12/12 photoperiod when grown indoors.
The plant’s physical appearance includes slight dark buds that come with a lot of resin. It’s

########
Rank: 2
Score: 29.379694
Retrieved Text: lilacs fertilizer nothing says summer like the sweet smell of lilacs find out what you need to rose fertilizer formula.
lilacs fertilizer roses fertilizer ratio.
lilacs fertilizer that includes fertilizing your lawn so try not to get it to clothes to your bushes see how easy they are i swear you could ignore them completely and they roses fertilizer.
lilacs fertilizer common purple lilac planting diretions knockout roses fertilizer.
lilacs fertilizer jobes fertilizer spikes for bulbs and perennials 9 12 6 time release fertilizer for roses fertilizer burn.
lilacs fertilizer rose fertilizer recommendations.
lilacs fertilizer miss kim lilac flowers miss kim lilac shrubs roses fertilizer gold.
lilacs fertilizer how to grow lilacs weigela wine and roses fertilizer needs.
lilacs fertilizer image titled grow lilacs step 6 roses fertilizing.
lilacs fertilizer jeweled lilac cottage rose fertilizer amazon.
lilacs fertilizer 1685 ross fertilizer.
lilacs fertilizer knockout roses fertilizer.
lilacs fertilizer bloomerang purple reblooming lilac syringa x weigela wine and roses fertilizer needs.
lilacs fertilizer bloomerang lilac planting diretions rose fertilizer formula.
lilacs fertilizer lilac flowers roses fertilizer ratio.
lilacs fertilizer soil sun and shade roses fertilizer gold.
lilacs fertilizer what is your first thought when you see a lilac bush do you think of your grandma or an older couple that had the beautiful bushes in their yard roses fertilizer burn.
lilacs fertilizer what kind of fertilizer is to be used with a dwarf korean lilac home guides sf gate lilacs fertilizer.
lilacs fertilizer lilac blooms roses fertilizer.
lilacs fertilizer best roses fertilizer.
lilacs fertilizer step 1 rose fertilizer homemade.
lilacs fertilizer the scent of lilacs is as much a part of spring as daffodils baby birds and foil

########
Rank: 3
Score: 29.291853
Retrieved Text: If you grow your own vegetables, you know that the No. 1 rule is to keep them racing along — with plenty of water, fertilizer, sunlight, and whatever else the specific crops require.
Vegetables and herbs in containers are no different. In fact, providing the essentials to vegetables and herbs growing in containers can be more challenging because their growing space is limited. To ease the caretaking task, container plants can grow right outside your back door where you can dote on them. When you know what it needs, your portable garden is likely to reward your attention with tasty returns!
Order your tomato plants every Spring!!
We'll grow your tomato plants in our greenhouse for pick-up Memorial Day weekend. These beautiful 3-gallon plants will be in flower and ready for you to plant in your garden. Only $12.99.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.253595
Retrieved Text: So, you're looking to make the most out of your plants… Well, we got you covered. Below, you'll find possible plant symptoms and what they might mean, as well as what each nutrient does.
To use the table, match up the plants symptoms with those on the table. Nutrients that are shaded red are the problem.
BC Northern Lights nutrients package tip: Change the ratio of base nutrients, cutting back on Flower and increasing Grow and Common.
Slow or stunted growth, red stems. Smaller leaves that are dark green. Lower leaves yellow and die. Add chemical fertilizer containing P. Affected leaves will not show recovery, but new growth will appear normal.
BC Northern Lights nutrients package tip: Our nutrients are generally fairly high in P and K, so deficiencies are extremely unlikely. However, if it is an issue, extra Super B+ would be recommended. The quality of the medium also has bearing when it comes to the availability of P – if it’s too high in Calcium, it can lock up the P. In this case giving Super B as a foliar would benefit your plant since it’s more readily available. Common is a better choice.
Affected plants are usually tallest and appear to be most vigorous. Necrotic spots form on lower leaves. Red stems. Leaves appear pale or yellow.
BC Northern Lights nutrients package tip: Add chemical fertilizer containing K. See above.
Lack of Calcium in the grow medium results in the grow medium becoming too acidic. This leads to Mg or Fe deficiency or very slow stunted growth.
BC Northern Lights nutrients

########
Rank: 5
Score: 29.012186
Retrieved Text: In order for your lawn to grow, it needs nutrition – just like people. Lawn fertilizer provides the nutrition your lawn needs to be healthy and strong, continue growing, and stay green and vibrant through the warm seasons. Professional lawn fertilization is an important part of any complete residential lawn care plan.
Looking for professional lawn fertilizer services near you? At The Grounds Guys, we work closely with our customers to develop customized lawn fertilization plans to ensure that their lawns receive the nutrition they need to grow. We use high-quality, controlled-release professional lawn fertilizers designed to stimulate turf growth. We also offer tree, shrub, and flower fertilization services. Contact a fertilizer expert from our team at The Grounds Guys to learn more about our fertilizer service packages.
Fertilization is crucial for more than just healthy turf.
Flower bed/plant bed maintenance — We tidy edges and plant flowering annuals. We provide fertilizer, mulching, and weed control treatments. We keep your garden beds looking perfect throughout the year. Fertilizer is an important piece of this puzzle.
Lawn FERTILIZATION — Keeping your lawn green and gorgeous seasonally requires lawn fertilizer treatments.
TREE FERTILIZATION – Trees, especially certain newly planted trees, require fertilization to encourage root growth. Once the roots are established, an extra boost of nutrients will help the tree combat stress from pests or drought while it grows.
Weed control — Many people don’t realize that fertilization and effective weed control go hand in hand. By making sure your grass is healthy and thick, you’ll be preventing the growth of unwanted plants. Most

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.834618
Retrieved Text: Flower Quotes Articles. Quotes can be made as a motivation for life or can also be used to express our feelings. There are many expressions which was written by the top world, artists or experts.
- A flower cannot blossom without sunshine, and man cannot live without love.
- All my life I have tried to pluck a thistle and plant a flower wherever the flower would grow in thought and mind.
-I want it said of me by those who knew me best, that I always plucked a thistle and planted a flower where I thought a flower would grow.
-Love is like a beautiful flower which I may not touch, but whose fragrance makes the garden a place of delight just the same.
-The fact that I can plant a seed and it becomes a flower, share a bit of knowledge and it becomes another's, smile at someone and receive a smile in return, are to me continual spiritual exercises.
-To see the world in a grain of sand, and to see heaven in a wild flower, hold infinity in the palm of your hands, and eternity in an hour.
-That though the radiance which was once so bright be now forever taken from my sight. Though nothing can bring back the hour of splendor in the grass, glory in the flower. We will grieve not, rather find strength in what remains behind.
-Remember that children, marriages, and flower gardens reflect the kind of care they get.
-The career of a sage is of two kinds: He is either honored by all in

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.556328
Retrieved Text: In this case, I used some flower potting soil I had handy – which is usually a no-no! The usual flower soil you get in the store has added fertilizers, which can harm sensitive cannabis seedlings. The trick is to wash the soil before using it for seedlings. Simply place a gallon of the soil in a large flower pot, colander, or bucket with holes punched in the bottom, and slowly water it with a gallon of water. Start slowly to make sure the soil becomes damp – if you just dump in a full gallon, the soil may float and the water run out below without removing excess fertilizer.
Note: If you prefer not to waste the fertilizer that was in the soil, I suggest catching the runoff, further diluting it, and making a nutrient-rich fertilizer tea according to the tips in our grow book. This way, none of the fertilizer is wasted, and the tea will be ready for the first stages of fertilizing your plants in the vegetative phase (tips on this also in our grow book).
Spread out the rinsed soil on newspaper to dry; it will be too wet for immediate use for seedlings. This may seem like a messy project and a lot of extra work, but unless you a have a proper soil for marijuana seedlings, you may be sparing yourself the bitter disappointment of nutrient-burned (and even dead) seedling plants. See the pictures here of an over-fertilized Auto Pineapple Express plant. This poor plant never reached it’s full potential –

########
Rank: 8
Score: 27.853802
Retrieved Text: Continue watering and fertilizing cool-season annuals to ensure productive flowering. Use NutriStar Color Star time-release fertilizer once a month for continuous feeding. Pansies are particularly heavy-feeders, and will always respond to fertilization with added blooms. Continue planting pansies, violas, ornamental cabbage and kale, snapdragons, dusty miller and cyclamen (protect cyclamen from freezes).
If you plan on growing transplants for spring planting, count back 6-8 weeks from the last average frost date to start tomato and pepper seedlings. This is early to mid-January in Central Texas. Place seed trays in a warm location (like on top of a refrigerator) until germination takes place, then move to a sunny location or place under grow lights. Lights should be approx. 6” from top of plants, and adjusted as they grow. Remember to “harden-off” the seedlings by taking them outside for 1-2 hours a day once they reach planting size, and avoid windy days.
Plant asparagus crowns now through February. Watch our VIDEO to see how!
It is time to set out onion transplants. Do not purchase the round onion “sets” sold at some box stores. These varieties do well in the north, but will not “bulb” with the day length and timing in Central Texas. Texas Legend, 1015Y, and Southern Belle Red onions do well in Central Texas. For more information, read our article, “What Makes Onions Bulb?”.
Fertilize winter veggies every four to six weeks with a complete garden fertilizer such as Happy Frog Tomato and Vegetable organic fertilizer or Fox Farm ‘Grow Big’ liquid fertilizer.
Cole crops, such as broccoli, cauliflower, and

########
Rank: 9
Score: 27.806103
Retrieved Text: My Hydrangeas did not bloom last year and it looks like they will not bloom again this year. They are in a mostly shaded area. Please help, I want blooms!
Everyone loves old fashioned hydrangeas (Hydrangea macrophylla) and why not? What’s not to love about those showy blooms?
Although hydrangeas are easy to grow they don’t always bloom as expected. And there are some common reasons for that. Let me review some of them.
The number one reason is improper pruning. Old-fashioned hydrangeas set their flowers on previous year’s growth, or what is referred to as old wood. So, in late summer and early fall, your shrub is preparing blooms for next year. In early spring, just as new growth appears, you can tidy up the plant by removing any dead wood and old flower heads. Learn more about pruning hydrangeas.
Other causes for lack of bloom include harsh winter temperatures, warm spells followed by cold weather, and late freezes. All can damage or kill tender flower buds. If you site your plants in a north or east facing area of your garden, you can reduce the chances of the buds opening during aberrant warm winter weather. These areas of the garden warm up slower than south or western exposures. Northern gardeners who know that they are in for a long cold spell can wrap their hydrangeas in burlap for winter protection. Planting the shrubs near house foundations also offers some refuge from cold temperatures.
Too much nitrogen fertilizer will result in an abundance of lovely leaves at the expense of

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.630354
Retrieved Text: Spring blooming bulbs are usually planted in the fall and left to fend for themselves throughout the winter. The bulbs generally come with planting instructions for how deep to bury them and how much sun exposure they will need, but whether to feed the bulbs is not often mentioned.
Those big fat bulbs represent all the energy and food the plants have stored up for next season’s bloom. When you first plant spring-blooming bulbs, the only thing they need to do that winter is send down some new roots. To help the bulbs do this, we feed newly planted bulbs with a balanced fertilizer that has a good dose of phosphorous in it. That’s what "Bulb Food" is and why bone meal is often recommended. Bone meal used to be the recommended way to feed flowering bulbs, but current meat processing procedures have a tendency to reduce the amount of phosphorus remaining in the bones, so a bulb food is not preferred.
As the bulbs grow in the spring, this storehouse of food and energy is all expended and the bulbs need to produce and store more. The most important thing you can do for your bulbs in the spring is to let the foliage grow as long as it can. Do not prune, cover, or braid the leaves. This is how the bulbs feed themselves. You can cut off the flower stalks if you like. If you planted bulbs that naturalize, it’s best to leave them on and let them set seed.
After that, the experts tend to

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.593801
Retrieved Text: 26 February 2008, Rome – World fertilizer production is expected to outstrip demand over the next five years and will support higher levels of food and biofuel production, FAO said in a new report entitled “Current world fertilizer trends and outlook to 2011/12” published today.
“High commodity prices experienced over recent years led to increased production and correspondingly to greater fertilizer use,” said Jan Poulisse, FAO fertilizer expert.
“This has led to tight markets and higher fertilizer prices. While it is expected that the demand for basic food crops, fruits and vegetables, for animal products and for biofuel crops is likely to remain strong, we expect fertilizer supply to grow sufficiently to meet higher consumption,” he added.
The FAO report estimates that world fertilizer supply (nitrogen, phosphate and potash nutrient) will increase by some 34 million tonnes representing an annual growth rate of 3 percent between 2007/08 and 2011/12, comfortably sufficient to cover demand growth of 1.9 percent annually.
Total production is expected to grow from 206.5 million tonnes in 2007/08 to 241 million tonnes in 2011/12. Fertilizer demand will increase from 197 million tonnes today to 216 million tonnes in 2011/12.
World nitrogen supply is forecast to rise by 23.1 million tonnes by 2011/12; world phosphate fertilizer supply will increase by 6.3 million tonnes and potash supply by 4.9 million tonnes.
Africa will remain a major phosphate exporter and increase nitrogen exports while importing all of its potash. Fertilizer consumption in Africa continues to be largely restricted to 10 countries, main consumers are Egypt, South Africa and Morocco.
It is expected that

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.57553
Retrieved Text: Shamrocks produce small flowers in winter and spring.
Shamrock plants (Oxalis spp.) may not bring your garden luck, but they will supply winter foliage and flowers. Several plants have the common name of shamrock, including wood sorrel (Oxalis acetosella) and four-leaf clover (Oxalis deppei). The plants grow well in U.S. Department of Agriculture plant hardiness zones 6 through 10, depending on the variety. They also grow well as potted plants. Shamrocks produce green or purple leaves and white, pink or yellow flowers. Proper care ensures healthy blooms and lush foliage.
Water shamrocks when the soil begins to dry to a 1 inch depth. Provide enough water to moisten the soil without making it soggy. Garden plants require about 1 inch of water weekly.
Dissolve 1 teaspoon of a soluble houseplant or balanced 20-20-20 fertilizer in 1 gallon of water. Refer to fertilizer rate recommendations on the label to verify the correct amount, because it may vary among brands. Water the shamrock with this solution every three weeks when it's actively growing winter and early spring.
Inspect the plant weekly during the growing season and cut out any dead or damaged leaves or stems with small shears. Rinse the foliage every two or three weeks to remove dust, which can help minimize mite and insect problems. Rinse in the morning on a sunny day so the foliage dries quickly and doesn't develop fungal issues.
Reduce watering and stop fertilizing the plant in spring when it stops blooming and the foliage begins to weaken. Allow the foliage to wilt and then cut back

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.50065
Retrieved Text: Starting a garden is one thing, keeping it alive and blooming is quite another. It’s especially challenging for those without a green thumb or is just beginning in the world of gardening.
Plants, just like any other organic living matter, need food to live. These they can get from soil, water, and sunlight – but to help them along fertilizers are a great addition. If you don’t want to spend on expensive store fertilizers, you’d be better off making you own.
These homemade fertilizer recipes for gardeners are perfect for all types of plants – whether you they are indoors, outdoors, fruit-bearing plants, or your lawn!
One liter bottle of this concentrated liquid fish emulsion goes a long way. A tablespoon of fish emulsion is diluted in a gallon of water, and it is this diluted mixture that you use to water your garden plants. Never pour concentrated fish emulsion directly on your plants.
Did you know that Epsom salt is a common fertilizer that can be used in your yard and garden? Right on the bag it says that you can sprinkle 2 tbsp. of Epsom salts around the base of tomatoes, roses, evergreens, azaleas, rhododendrons, and trees. It is also great for fertilizing indoor plants.
The recipe came from Tim Heffron, a former groundskeeper at a golf course. All you need are five common household ingredients and a 10-gallon hose-end sprayer. This recipe can be modified slightly for other less dry climates. And it’s a heck of a lot cheaper and more effective than the store-bought mixes.
It is a

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.424498
Retrieved Text: There's no way around it--your front yard makes a strong first impression. Whether it's good or bad, however, is entirely up to you. Your yard may be nothing more than a wide expanse of grass, or it may feature a colorful flower garden or well-tended shubbery. Whatever the case, though, there are a few steps you can take to ensure that your home's curb appeal doesn't make onlookers turn green.
1. Many people mistakenly believe they can place a sapling in the ground and water it occasionally and expect it to grow. Whether large or small, trees benefit from proper aeration, fertilizing, and watering. Keeping the soil around your trees loose gives water and other nutrients better access to the roots, while using compost or fertilizer can give them an added boost. Additionally, making sure to water the proper amount--not too much or too little--can help your tree establish strong roots and grow more efficiently.
2. The University of Minnesota Extension advises first choosing the correct plants for a flower garden. Flowers should be selected based on the conditions they thrive in--temperature, moisture, light levels, etc.
Remove any bugs on your plants before planting them in your garden.
Loosen the soil regularly to keep it from becoming compact. Adding homemade or quality, purchased compost can break up hard soil and create a better environment for plants.
Water your garden in the morning when it's cooler, so less moisture is wasted via evaporation.
Be sure to properly place and space your garden. Leaving enough space between plants will give them room to grow

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.304474
Retrieved Text: Grow + Flower is a balanced all in one Liquid Fertilizer designed for Orchids.
Mixed at the rate of 2 mls / litre of Water.
This high grade Fertilizer can also be used on all ornamentals.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.279663
Retrieved Text: Container flower gardening is the perfect alternative for beginning gardeners, those who lack space, or those whose gardening ambitions are small. New gardeners can enjoy the craft without the intimidation of building a large garden.
Those who lack space can limit the size of their gardens by the size of containers they use. Others may simply want to enjoy gardening without having to maintain a large garden space.
The success of your container garden will largely depend upon choosing the right size containers for your plants, the right location for your plants and using the proper soil and fertilizer. This article offers some tips on each of these factors.
Many gardeners make the mistake of using containers that are too small for their plants. This causes unnecessary crowding among the roots and prevents the plant from absorbing water and moisture efficiently. When a plant grows, its roots grow into the soil in search of moisture.
When a plant is forced to grow in a container that is too small, the roots become crowded and the soil is unable to contain as much moisture. As a result, frequent waterings are necessary to maintain the plant's health (especially during the summer when moisture is absorbed quickly).
Make sure the container you use is large enough for both the plant and the growth of its roots in the soil. The container should be large enough to allow roots to spread out and seek moisture without becoming crowded and entangled.
Different plants need varying amounts of sunlight and shade. While some plants thrive with a lot

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.138771
Retrieved Text: Bio Bloom by BioBizz is a 100% organic fertilizer. Use it when watering your plants in order to improve their flowering period organically.
Bio Bloom by BioBizz is a base fertilizer for your plants’ flowering period that contains 100% natural ingredients, giving your plants the nutrients they need in order to flower successfully. It’s perfect for using after you’ve used Bio Grow during the growth period.
This fertilizer is designed for use with organic substrates such as soil or coco coir, and should never be used in automatic watering systems as its consistency will most likely block your pipes and drains, which can be fatal for your plants.
Bio Bloom can be combined with products by other brands, although if you’re looking to give them the full professional treatment we recommend consulting BioBizz’s complete fertilizer chart.
Bio Heaven can be used to give your plants’ soil that extra spark of live, increasing microbial life which in turn increases root growth and plant strength. Add Top Max to the mix once flowers begin to appear in order to accelerate the flowering period and increase bud size.
Add from 2 to 4ml per liter pf water from the start of the flowering period right until the end of the plants’ cycle, increasing the dosage as the plant grows, starting with 2ml and gradually increasing.
pero cuando devo de utilizarlo ? y cuando lo utilice dejare de regarla con crecimiento?
Hola buenas a todos, muy agradecidos de que compartan con nosotros vuestra experiencia. Un saludo.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.085987
Retrieved Text: Growing On: Transplant plugs in mid winter to mid spring. Plants will flower in approximately 8-10 weeks when grown 40-50 °F (5-10 °C), under similar conditions to spring pansies.
Media: Use a well-drained, growing substrate with 15-30 % clay, 0-15 % organic parts (e.g. compost), 1 kg/m³ complete balanced fertilizer, 0-2 kg/m³ slow release fertilizer (3-6 months), iron-chelate, micronutrients, pH: 5.5-6.2.
Temperature: Grow at 10-12 °C or outdoors. In winter indoors frost free at 3-5 °C or outdoors. Outdoor fleece cover needed. At mid December the plants start to grow for 5-7 weeks at 10-12 °C. Grow as cool as possible but avoid freezing temperatures for a good plant quality. Temperatures above 12 °C will result in big foliage growth, thin flower stems and missing flowering initiation. Temperatures below 6 °C delay the buds development. At warm outdoors temperatures open airing in time.
Fertilization: Moderate fertilization levels are required. Fertilize the crop weekly with 150-200 ppm nitrogen (at 0 kg/m³ slow release fertilizer in substrate), using a complete balanced fertilizer. The plants take up the minerals at 5 °C. Avoid high ammonium and high nitrogen levels. Don’t fertilize after early October. In spring fertilize 150-200 ppm nitrogen of a potassium balanced fertilizer (N: K2O-ratio: 1:1,5). The roots are sensitive to high salt levels in substrates.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.042686
Retrieved Text: As society becomes more health and environmentally conscious, you're likely paying more attention to the size of your household's carbon footprint and what you feed your family. If you grow a home vegetable garden or feed your lawn and landscape, you may wonder if chemical fertilizers are really the best products to use. It's true that chemical fertilizers create runoff, contribute to greenhouse gasses and require frequent application. They do have their benefits, however. Chemical fertilizers offer greater control over the amount of nutrients you feed your plants than their organic counterparts. Manufactured fertilizer is also much less likely to add weeds to your garden, benefits plants more quickly than organic fertilizer and requires smaller applications. It's important to weigh both the pros and cons of chemical fertilizers before deciding whether to use them.
Many computer interfaces operate on a WYSIWYG system, and so do manufactured fertilizers. In the computer world, WYSIWYG stands for "what you see is what you get," and refers to programs that allow users to print documents that appear the same on paper as they do on the screen. Chemical fertilizers work the same way. The fertilizer ingredients are carefully measured and their amounts listed right on their packaging. When you use them, you know exactly how much of a given element you will add to your soil. Because of their sources, organic fertilizers are a bit more unpredictable. Many come from manure, for instance, and it's impossible to know exactly what a certain animal ate and how its body processed it.
Chemical fertilizers

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.817074
Retrieved Text: Question: Can I grow Dahlia tubers in 10inch pots.
ANSWER: Yes, ten inch pots are big enough for one dahlia tuber a piece to grow in.
ANSWER: You will probably have to remove it as severe pruning of a tree that large will likely kill it anyway.
Question: I planted an orange quince a few years ago. It appears to be healthy with plenty of leaves but it has never flowered. Is there anything I can add to this shrub to help it flower. It is a thornless variety.
ANSWER: It may not be getting enough chilling hours to flower. Quince and other fruit trees are cued to flower after a certain time of being cold. If they never get cold long enough, they never flower. So you need to check with your extension agent to see how many chilling hours you get and how many your orange quince needs to flower. If they are mismatched, it will never flower.
Question: I have a Jackmantis clematis that hasn't bloomed in 5 years. It looks beautiful with lots of leaves, but no bloons. What should I do.
ANSWER: Have you been pruning it? You prune it in winter to the previous year's wood. The spring flowers won't bloom, but it should bloom in the summer. The other thing you can do is add phosphorus to the fertilizer you use for it. Phosphorus triggers blooms in many plants, and a deficiency could prevent it from blooming.
Question: I have rhubarb growing everywhere in my yard. It is taking over. I don't mind my one plant,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.817043
Retrieved Text: The cascade of turquoise flowers grows to over a foot in length. The blue-green flowers bloom from spring through early summer.
Blue jade vine is Native to the Philippines, and needs plenty of room to grow. Blooming begins when the trunk reaches ¾ inches in diameter.
The woody vine itself has a thick trunk, branching out with evergreen leaves that are a waxy light green.
A vine left untrimmed can grow up to 60 feet tall.
The flowers of the Emerald Creeper are dramatically vivid.
The stalk of flowers drops from the vine, can reach over 5 feet in length, and consists of 50 to 100 flowers. Each curved flower is 2 to 4 inches.
The flowers are a beautiful turquoise color and sometimes used in lei making.
Lighting: Full sun to partial shade. Benefits from direct sunlight.
Temperature: Thrives in temperatures above 55° F (13° C).
Humidity: Minimum humidity of 50% or higher; however, they will tolerate lower levels without harm.
Watering: Allow soil surface to dry between watering. Saturate soil until a water runs out of the bottom of the pot.
Fertilizer: Feed ½ tsp of fertilizer per gallon of water twice a month. Use a balanced fertilizer (15-15-15) or a blooming fertilizer (7-9-5).
Pruning: The best time to prune Emerald Creepers is after the flowering cycle is complete. If pruned too early, the flowering will slow down.
Propagation: Blue Jade Vine can be propagated from stem cuttings and by grafting. Propagate from an existing jade vine by taking cuttings of approximately nine inches long. Start them using a rooting hormone.
Pests and Diseases: Possible pests include aphids,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.801178
Retrieved Text: People face several problems while growing bottle gourd in their home garden. Many people have asked questions, why the small gourds do not grow and fall off, what are the types of gourds, what is the best fertilizer for bottle gourds.
Continue reading below all the questions and answers on gourds and their use.
Q. Why the bottle gourd plant produce only male flowers?
A. The gourd plants produce mostly male blossoms initially early in the growing season which fall off, but will produce female flowers after some time.
Q. Why the bottle gourds prematurely drop after growing of 4-6 inch long and do not grow to full length?
A. This happens when the flowers are not being pollinated. The pollination is anturally carfried out by insects when they take the pollen from the male blossoms and then put it on the female blossoms.
You can try hand pollination. When the female flowers open in the evening, get a male floweer, remove its petals to expose the anthers and gently dust them against the stigmas of a female blossom.
Q. How can I get more flowers and more gourds from your bottle gourd vine?
A. Correct pruning technique can encourage your bottle gourd plant to produce more gourds. The main vine produces only the male flowers. Discard all the side growing branches and let the main vine grow to about 12 feet long, then cut off its end. This will grow lateral branches which will produce the female flowers. You can again prune these lateral branches when they have grown about 2-3 sets of

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.756376
Retrieved Text: There is nothing more irritating and frustrating for a gardener than finding his flower beds and veggies invaded by weeds which can turn the spring long effort into nothing. We scoured the web to find different solutions to kill weeds and came across some practical tips laid out by Jamie Durie, an American horticulturist. More than that, he showed us how to get rid of weeds in a natural manner, using only organic resources only. So here is how to keep intruders out of your garden.
Avoid using too many chemicals in the fight against weeds, Durie says, recommending a series of organic recipes to keep away plants invading our crops. Weeds that sprayed with these mixtures will curl up and die in the end. The first recipe is the following: mix four cups of salt in one gallon of water. Put the solution in a spray bottle and use on weeds. The second one: mix equal parts of vinegar, cheap gin, lemon juice and water. Put the solution in a spray bottle and use on weeds.
Also, lay a wet newspaper in the garden, then cover with a thin layer of dirt. The paper keeps weeds from sprouting. When planting bulbs, make sure you leave a large enough hole in the paper that the plants can grow through.
Durie also comes up with solutions to deter animals without harming them. He recommends we look for plants that either discourage animals or taste bad to them since they’ll be less likely to nibble next time.
At the same time, fish

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.655888
Retrieved Text: Each flower blooms for 24 hours and then fades.
4 Is the Fortnight Lily Drought Tolerant?
The fortnight lily (Dietes bicolor) has 18- to 36-inch-long leaves topped with yellow flowers. It blooms from spring through fall and grows in clumps 24 to 36 inches wide. Fortnight lily is a drought-tolerant, low-maintenance herbaceous perennial that grows well outdoors in large patio planters and containers. It grows in U.S. Department of Agriculture plant hardiness zones 8b through 11. You can plant fortnight year-round in mild climates.
Plant fortnight lilies in containers that measure 24 inches in diameter or larger. Use containers that have holes or gaps in the bottom for water drainage. When planting multiple plants in large, above-ground planters, space them 24 to 36 inches apart.
Use potting soil formulated for good drainage. You can purchase a commercial mix or make your own. To create a potting soil for fortnight lilies, combine equal parts peat moss, compost, sand, perlite and composted bark.
Grow fortnight lilies in full sun to partial shade. While fortnight lilies grow well in partial shade, they flower more abundantly in full sun.
Fertilize in the spring using a general-purpose liquid or granular fertilizer. Mix granular fertilizer into the soil around the edge of the planter. Water after fertilizing to release the nutrients into the soil. Mix liquid fertilizer with water and soak the planter. Fertilizer concentrations vary by brand. Use the fertilizer at the rate indicated on the package label.
Water weekly or when the soil feels dry on the surface. While drought tolerant, fortnight lilies grow and bloom better

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.645855
Retrieved Text: water one plant with water; water the other plant with water and a fish emulsion supplement for plants.
predict which seed will grow faster.
monitor and record seedling growth.
describe what they learned from the lesson.
It is said that Squanto taught the Pilgrims much about growing crops in the soil at Plymouth. Since fish were plentiful in the area, Squanto showed how fish could be used to fertilize the seeds the Pilgrims planted. In this activity, students will see firsthand the effects of "Squanto's science lesson."
Students might work in pairs to complete this activity. Provide each student with a half-pint milk carton or small flower/seedling pot. Have students fill their container with soil. Plant seeds in the soil according to instructions on the seed packet.
Each pair of students will water their gardens regularly. They will water one plant with water only. They will water the other plant with water plus a fish emulsion fertilizer.
Fish emulsion can be purchased at any nursery. (Stores such as Home Depot and Lowes probably have fish emulsion in stock, too.) Note: Some fish emulsion products have an odor, others are odorless. Observe safety instructions when handling fish emulsion products.
write a prediction about what might happen and why.
record measurements/observations as their plants grow.
write a paragraph about what they learned from the experiment.
Students will write a paragraph that tells what they learned from the experiment.
See more lessons from the Education World archive in our special Thanksgiving holiday page.
Click here to return to this weeks Lesson Planning article.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.64459
Retrieved Text: Bring bedding plants outdoors gradually in the Spring to harden them off and help acclimate them to the outdoors. They are hardy enough to start early in the season using the cold frame method.
Plant in the ground after danger of frost and the soil can be worked. Cover at night with sheets or plastic when there’s a danger of frost. If planning to start them indoors by seed, shoot for a 10-week window before moving outdoors.
They thrive in the sun so choose a location where they’ll get at least 6 hours of sun a day (optimal) but they’ll do fine with less too, avoid full shade for best results (they won’t bloom well and will get leggy and straggly in too much shade).
If you live in a hot climate, choose a spot that will give them some shade and shelter it from the hot afternoon sun.
Dig soil well so it’s nice and loose, add a bit of compost then plant the flowers about 12″ apart (depending on variety).
Pinch off any flowers and flower buds when first planted (this will help it get established and grow bushier–which will provide more blooms during the season).
Water well at first planting and keep the soil moist during the first week.
Deeply once a week (more when the weather is very hot), container plants in full sun will likely need an extra drink during the week.
Make sure the soil has dried out at least an inch deep before watering since they don’t like soggy soil.
When selecting bedding plants, look for those that

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.582222
Retrieved Text: Some people enjoy giving and receiving plants and flowers as gifts. Different from a box or chocolate or gift card, a living flowers and plants require further treatment to keep them healthy.
There are several kinds of plants and flowers which are likely to be the gift such as cyclamen flower. The cyclamen flower has beautiful flowers which have heart shape leaves and flowers like shooting stars.
This flower is native to Mediterranean areas. Similar to other flowers which origin is Mediterranean area; the cyclamen flowers also require similar growing condition.
In the healthy state, the cyclamen flowers will bloom in spring, fall, and winter. The flowers like the cool and damp condition to grow healthily. During the hot and dry summers, the cyclamen flower will turn into dormancy to store energy for the next growing season.
Even though the cyclamen flower needs a little extra care, you should not give up keeping this plant to last for years.
There are several guides for planting and caring the cyclamen flower.
For both houseplant and garden plant, the cyclamen flower is sensitive to temperature. In general, it likes temperature which similar to the original area. In its natural habitat, the cyclamen grow well in humid and cool environments. The hotter temperature will bring the flower to death in which the leaves turn yellow and the flowers fade.
The houseplant cyclamen are usually the tropical one which cannot live in temperature below 40 F. On the other hand, the garden cyclamen or the hardy one is suitable for outdoor use. However, it is important to

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.521597
Retrieved Text: Mile Hi Rose Fertilizer – Known for our rose feed. Growing strong gardens.
Tried and true for gardeners across the country.
The result of 30 years of research and testing, Mile-Hi Fertilizer is an eco-friendly blended mixture of plant nutrient compounds that encourage root growth while boosting overall plant health. Adding Mile-Hi Fertilizer to the soil improves moisture retention and enhances soil texture as it decomposes.
At Mile-Hi Fertilizer, we craft a proprietary mix of all-natural ingredients to make flowers and vegetable gardens flourish in multiple climates. Our products have produced beautiful results for decades thanks to their time-tested and proven formulation. The Mile-Hi suite of products improves soil condition as it nourishes blooming plants.
Rosarians use all-natural Mile-Hi Rose Feed to grow healthier, fuller and more brilliant roses.
Mile-Hi Flower & Vegetable Feed is a proven product: a unique mixture of plant nutrient compounds and minerals for a truly balanced, complete fertilizer.
Mile-Hi Kelp Meal is a 100% renewable product that stimulates root development, reduces transplant shock and alleviates temperature stress.
The belief that perfection exists.
The patience to prove it.
Our founder, Royal Franklin, was not just an avid lover of roses. He was an innovator dedicated to formulating the perfect rose food using only all-natural additives. Season after season, Royal experimented in his garden in Littleton, Colorado, researching and testing year after year until he came upon the perfect combination of ingredients. He began selling his proprietary mix to friends and neighbors out of his garage in the 1980s. Without any advertising, Royal’s company flourished as rosarians using his product enjoyed healthier,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.485912
Retrieved Text: By NORMAN BEZONA University of Hawaii College of Tropical Agriculture and Human Resources | Sunday, February 10, 2019, 12:05 a.m.
Photo courtesy of VOLTAIRE MOISE Calla lilies, originally from South Africa, are grown in cool subtropical and warm temperate climates. In Hawaii they do best at higher elevations such as the wet side of Waimea and Volcano.
Garden magazines and garden supply stores are now featuring bulb advertisements and displays.
Gladiolus, cannas, gloxinias, tuberous begonias, callas, amaryllis and caladiums are just a few of the many types available.
Although they vary in their requirements, there are several basic cultural factors to keep in mind.
In general, most bulbs grow best in a well-drained soil and sunny location. The pH of the soil should run between 5.8 and 6.5. Most bulbs should be fertilized with a low nitrate analysis fertilizer according to manufacturer’s directions on the label.
If you keep these factors in mind, you should be able to produce excellent bulbous plants.
Energetic gardeners can have some bulbous crop in flower every month of the year. However, let’s concentrate on some spring flowering bulbs we can plant now.
Calla lilies can be started now and will flower during spring months. Incidentally, calla lilies are an exception to the cultural suggestions we already mentioned.
Callas will perform best in a soil that has considerable organic matter and is retentive of moisture, but not soggy. In order to obtain the best results, the clumps should be dug every three to four years and the rhizomes separated and replanted at a depth of 4 inches.
Callas are at their

================



======= Instance Index 32 =========
Input Text: A ficus can get quite large, but a smaller one can be kept inside in a what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- plant kingdom
- flowerpot
- plant pot
- science class
- pots

Target Text: flowerpot

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 33.213448
Retrieved Text: A relative of the edible fig, ficus pumila is an evergreen vine that is native to East Asia. Here is some information on the characteristics of this vine.
The evergreen Ficus pumila vine is also known as the creeping fig or the climbing fig. It belongs to the Moraceae family and the order Rosales. Due to its trailing growth habit, it works well as wall coverings.
Though it is related to Ficus carica, which is one of the ficus tree varieties that gives us the edible fig fruit, there are marked differences between these two varieties. The climbing fig is valued by many gardening enthusiasts due to its delicate and attractive foliage and its vigorous growth.
Though it is often used as wall coverings due to its dense and attractive foliage, it can also be kept as a houseplant by putting it in a hanging basket.
➞ Being a fast-growing, self-clinging vine, it creates dense wall coverings within no time.
➞ Its heart-shaped, glossy foliage looks extremely attractive, which is why it is often used as a topiary plant.
➞ This perennial climbing plant holds on to the surface through its aerial roots. The foliage on the fine stems secures firmly to the support.
➞ As the tender leaves mature, they grow to 2 to 3 inches in length and even the stems become a little coarse.
➞ These days, people are using various varieties of this plant for the purposes for concealing of masonry walls. These include F. pumila Minima, F. pumila Sonny and F. pumila Variegata. These vines can climb up to

########
Rank: 1
Score: 32.941124
Retrieved Text: What is the northernmost ficus you've encountered, not counting creeping fig or edible fig?
I recently spotted a two story tall fiddle leaf fig in between two buildings in Orange Park Florida, zone 9a. The more exposed branches were nipped by the 20F freezes, making it look similar to salt pruned trees growing along the beach.
There are even some large ficus growing at the Jacksonville Zoo and Ravine Gardens State Park!
At the Jacksonville Zoo, when you have just entered past the ticket booths, there are these walled plantings of palms and other tropicals to your left and right, and to the right is what looks to be a banyan or strangler fig, complete with aerial roots. There are also a couple I've seen growing vinelike at Ravine Gardens State Park in Palatka, just as you descend the stone stairs into the ravine.
I grow ficus decora (or rubber plant) in my garden and though it died back to the ground in our unseasonably cold winter, it came back with extra vigor on sturdy stems. There is a larger bush at a doughnut shop in Orange Park that only got its outer leaves burned! There were two others right next to it that mysteriously died immediately following the arctic blast, so I might chalk it up to genetics.
One of the most exciting parts of my hikes in South Florida is an encounter with the magnificent Ficus Aurea, or strangler fig. Depending on what your source is, they can range into Brevard county, or anywhere all the way up to

########
Rank: 2
Score: 32.781624
Retrieved Text: There is a trend today of having indoor trees. There are plenty of them that are kept by people at their residential areas, banks etc. One of the most famous indoor trees is the Ficus microcarpa bonsai. This tree is also referred as the Chinese tree because it happens to be the oldest in the family of Bonsai trees. One of the most ideal things about ficus microcarpa bonsai is that it is very sharp when it comes to growth of leaves and whenever it finds suitable conditions, a rapid growth can be seen. One of the most suitable conditions that are there for the ficus microcarpa bonsai is the moist conditions. The moist condition has got the best effect on the growth of ficus microcarpa bonsai leaves.
One of the most interesting things that need to be discussed is the structure of ficus microcarpa bonsai. The structure of the leaf is simple. It is greenish in color and there is a small point at the end of the leaf. The height of the ficus microcarpa bonsai can be as long as fifty five feet. This is very long and that is why this tree is considered very seriously by customers, to be used as indoor. The ficus microcarpa bonsai has the perfect characteristics to be used indoors. Also the price of the tree is very important to be considered. With its increasing demand, people are willing to pay any price that is asked. This is one of the reasons that the indoor ficus microcarpa bonsai has

########
Rank: 3
Score: 31.087748
Retrieved Text: This beautiful Golden Gate ficus starter kit includes all the essential components for maintaining and pruning your bonsai tree. Ideal for the beginner or hobbyist looking to add a new tree to their collection.
Sorry, this item is currently in production until summer 2019.
This starter kit includes all the essential components for maintaining and pruning your bonsai tree. Ideal for the beginner or hobbyist looking to add a new tree to their collection.
Bonsai, which translates to "tree in a pot," originated from China and Japan. This beautiful Golden Gate ficus bonsai tree is actually not as difficult to take care of as one may think. Like many ficus bonsai trees, the Golden Gate Ficus Bonsai Tree or Taiwan Ficus Bonsai Tree can be kept both indoors and outdoors, and is also one of the most hardy species. It is very popular for its trunk textures and bright green leaves.
Ficus bonsai tree, aged 5-7 years old, measures between 10" and 14" tall potted and arrives in an 7.5" pot. Pot may vary depending on availability. Pictured with humidity tray. Care information included. Ficus bonsai tree shape may vary from shown.
Ficus bonsai trees will grow decently in low light, but thrive in high light conditions.
Prune back to 2-4 leaves after 6-10 leaves have grown. We recommend using a dull pruning tool on Ficus bonsai trees, as a clean cut made by a sharp tool tends to bleed more than a dull cut.
Water moderately, increasing in summer and decreasing in winter. Many Ficus bonsai trees are very tolerant of being

########
Rank: 4
Score: 30.4353
Retrieved Text: Most of the species in genus Clerodendron have large leaves that are difficult to get to reduce. But C. aculeatum is one of 3 or 4 exceptions. A great species for tropical bonsai. It should be more popular than it is.
In winter should be kept at least as warm as your ficus. From and very popular in Puerto Rico.
Very rapid grower in summer.
16’’ high above soil line by 20’’ wide. You will receive the tree pictured.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 30.328636
Retrieved Text: Ficus benjamina is a very popular bonsai houseplant in temperate areas, due to its elegant growth and tolerance neglect. Ficus grow best in bright, sunny conditions but will also tolerate considerable shade. Benjamina requires a moderate amount of watering in summer to keep it from drying out. The tree is sensitive to cold and should be protected from frost. When grown indoors, it can grow too large for its situation, and may need to be pruned or bonsaied. Ficus benjamina has been shown to effectively remove gaseous formaldehyde from indoor air.
Ficus Benjamina 2 Trees – Ficus benjamina is a very popular bonsai houseplant in temperate areas, due to its elegant growth and tolerance neglect. Ficus grow best in bright, sunny conditions but will also tolerate considerable shade. Benjamina requires a moderate amount of watering in summer to keep it from drying out. The tree is sensitive to cold and should be protected from frost. When grown indoors, it can grow too large for its situation, and may need to be pruned or bonsaied. Ficus benjamina has been shown to effectively remove gaseous formaldehyde from indoor air.
These are very healthy tropical trees with well established root systems. This Ficus Benjamina is ready to be repotted and enjoyed upon delivery.
Please note: Leaves are often trimmed prior to shipping to reduce transpiration and travel stress. The growth rate of Ficus Benjamina will vary greatly depending on season, soil type, sunlight, temperature and other factors. Always changing!
Ficus Benjamina are very easy to grow tropical trees that and seem to grow

########
Rank: 6
Score: 29.783976
Retrieved Text: Ginseng Ficus bonsai (Ficus Microcarpa Ginseng) are best known for the immense roots protruding out of the ground which base the tree trunk.
The large exposed root system provides a tropical and well-aged look.
These trees typically grow small leaves in clusters to provide a weeping effect over the root system.
Ficus Microcarpa Ginseng are typically grown in the umbrella style. These trees are typically designed to look like they are clinging to rocks or other objects.
The large roots and short nature of this tree are perfect for making it appear to be hanging on to the side of a cliff or trying to walk off a rock.
Ginseng Ficus bonsai need to be placed in a location that receives a large amount of light, while staying very humid. This indoor bonsai tree will thrive in a kitchen or bathroom that receives much sunlight while shading the tree from midday sun. These trees do not do well in drafty locations, or near heaters that dry the air.
Leaf pruning should be conducted after the tree has grown 6-10 leaves. At this point, trim the branches back to 2-4 leaves, allowing new branches with smaller leaves to grow. Stick these branch cuttings into the ground to grow new trees.
This species is extremely easy to grow from cuttings, so simply stick the cut branches in the soil and water them regularly. This will make the cuttings develop their own root systems and become more amazing bonsai trees.
This species should be repotted every 2 to 3 years, cutting back about 10% of the root

########
Rank: 7
Score: 29.66112
Retrieved Text: Climbing plants which grow very well if fully lighted and watered. This plant is very easy to get in garden centers.
Climbing plants which grow very well if fully lighted and watered. This plant is not very easy to get in garden centers, so you can find it on specialized websites.
Beautiful fast-growing climbing plants with heart-shape leaves. This plant prefers shade and moist but well-drained soil and kept evenly moist.
Fast growing large leaf Ficus from Asia (mainly east India and in the Philippines) . Suit for medium to large-sized terrarium or paludarium. This plant need a lot of light.
Hard to find epiphytic climber This species come from Costa Rica and Panama where it commonly occurs in low lit forests. Fits well in dart frog tank.
Philodendron species are suitable in rainforest set up but most of them grow fast with very big leaves. So keep them for large tanks. Philodendron Monstera is one of the easier to find in garden centers.
This climber plant grows easily when enlighted enough. Esay to find in garden centers.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 29.401012
Retrieved Text: Another newbie, another tree, another identification.
I believe it may be a Ficus, but I want to make sure so I know how to take care of it.
SF - I believe you have the Ficus retusa aka Tiger-bark fig. It's one of the figs which develop a roughness along the trunk. It makes wonderful bonsai material and is very forgiving - good for newbies. It adapts well to bonsai culture, backbudding very well, responds to defoliation when done properly, and grows well indoors. They flower and bear fruit in late summer.
Beware - nothing is perfect. This tree can quickly be infested with scale insects. Keep a watchful eye.
Thanks, Tom! Now I'm absolutely sure.
I'm really looking forward to working with this little guy.
StickFish, I really like the curvature or 'movement' in the trunk of your tree. It speaks of age, decades of wind. stress, the elements. Nice way to start out a new 'bonsai'.
Can you post a better profile picture - from the front. Looks like a nice one.
I'll start working on a picture now.
The tree came like this when I got it. I think my only possible complaint would be that at the top of the curve, the tree got chopped by where the new twigs come out. I think if it had been grown out into a curve, it would have made a nice cascade.
But, then again, a bonsai could be anything. I just need to find what this one could be.
Alright, got some photos taken and edited.
I would suggest a wide flat training pot. The

########
Rank: 9
Score: 29.115936
Retrieved Text: Ficus also offer a variety of textures, so there's one for practically everyone's personal style. Weeping ficus is perhaps the most popular indoor tree. Its shiny leaves and gracefully arching branches give the tree a delicate, elegant appearance.
We are offering ficus benjamina, commonly known as the weeping fig, benjamin's fig, or ficus tree and often sold in stores as just ficus, is a speciesof flowering plant in the family moraceae, native to south and southeast asia and australia.
Once or twice I turn the hose on the entire plant and pot and soil on the porch during the summer. Indoor plants in pots have only the little bit of soil given them in the pot. Garden soil or composts have who knows what in the shovel full you would put in your pot.
A Z Index List of House Plants. Caring, propagation, descriptions and other information for each species is provided. Types include foliage, flowering, succulents and cacti. Each indoor plant is given its main common name used and botanical/scientific name.
Indoor plant and gorgeous hand painted pot for sale. Rubber Plant (Ficus Elastica) also known as the Clean Air Plant. This plant is known for its shiny burgundy leaves, is low maintenance and has the added benefit of removing chemical toxins from the air.
Ficus Whitefly Trees The Tree Geek. Long term systemic treatments take time to be effective, so spraying the foliage of your ficus with Up Star174; Gold will provide immediate kill of the insects on the plant.
Golden Gate Ficus bonsai, like all other Ficus varieties, require

########
Rank: 10
Score: 28.97024
Retrieved Text: The spearmint ficus (Ficus benjamina 'Spearmint') is a variegated version of the common ficus, or weeping fig. It is a commonly used as a house plant in most regions of the U.S., except for areas where temperatures remain above freezing all year. Ficus trees cannot tolerate freezing temperatures for any length of time. They are one of the few house plants that grows into a pleasing formal tree shape when pruned correctly. They can live for many years as a house plant.
Plant a spearmint ficus tree in a container that has holes in the bottom for drainage. The ideal container leaves no more than 2 inches of potting soil between the side of the container and the root base. This is because excess potting soil collects moisture that is not used by the plant. The rotting organic matter in the excess soil creates bad odors, and becomes a breeding ground for fungus and mildew problems that can affect the health of the ficus tree.
Spearmint ficus trees do not mind being root-bound. However, if the root system is so thick that water cannot reach the entire root system when watered, then it is time to plant in a new container.
Locate the spearmint ficus tree in an area that gets as much light as possible. The tree will adapt to most light levels, but low light levels create sparse foliage. If moving from one place to another that has differing light levels, expect a 20-percent leaf drop while the tree is getting used to the new location. The

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.834604
Retrieved Text: The goal is always to produce a tree within the boundaries of a pot. This tree treated and is trained in such a way; its closing impression is the fact that of an aged tree. There are bonsai that because of the training over many years, are considered family heirlooms, passed down from generation to generation.
Erect: There is the formal and informal upright. Both have a single trunk, which tapers to the top and is broader in the bottom. These types tend to be present in nature and so are good styles for newbies to begin with. The trunk needs to be visible in the base to the top. While the formal style has a straight trunk, the trunk of the informal fashion is permitted to turn and twist. Popular choice sources for both of these styles will be the juniper, pine, spruce with all the maple added for the fashion that is casual. These styles are often put in a round, small diameter pot.
Slanting: Nature, particularly the wind, often has a hand in the configuration of trees. The slanting style leans to one side at about 60-80 degrees to the bottom. Consistently have the first branch projecting opposite the way the trunk is leaning. There can be slight twisting of the trunk or it may be straight. The above mentioned species can be utilized, but the conifer is typically the most popular. A shallow depth pot having a bigger measurement is needed here.
Cascade: Such as the vertical there are two variations, the Semi- cascade and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.732178
Retrieved Text: It's still early in the growing season in South Africa so my Ginseng Ficus has hardly changed since it received its last chop in July.
The new leader is going to need quite a bit of fattening up, but the position is much better.
I'm hoping to do that at a workshop in about ten days' time.
This guy may be a Ginseng Ficus, but I'm determined that he'll look like a proper bonsai one day.
You can see photos of the full progression of this tree here.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 28.551735
Retrieved Text: Plants bring movement and life to every room in your home. However, you will be pleased by the whole picture only if there is harmony in the arrangement and color of the plants you have chosen. Once you have learned how to take these things into account when choosing your indoor plants, you can let your taste and imagination plan the plant decor you have living in your home.
The larger the room you are working with, the bigger and more numerous the plants can be. Let’s face it, a single small green plant looks lost in a large empty space. Several flowering plants in a basket or arranged in small pots on the same table can serve as a beautifully colorful accent to a room. Tree-like plants have great importance in the sense of decorating. Large-leafed species like dracaena, philodendron or the banyan tree (Ficus benghalensis) can really fill up a sparsely furnished room or entrance hall and leave their mark.
In a small room, large plants are oppressive and take up way too much space. To get the best effect, choose mid-size or small plants with large delicate leaves. Put the plants where they are going to be visible, but don’t put too many plants in a small space or it will get too crowded and your individual plants won’t make their full impact on the room.
Plants always look best against simple backgrounds. If they have large foliage, they should be placed in front of wallpaper with a small pattern. Large patterned wallpaper calls out for

########
Rank: 14
Score: 28.29768
Retrieved Text: Always accustomed to working with machines and conversing with your office computer or tablet? Gadgets today appear to have more space in our reality than nature does.
This is why adding green plants and beautiful landscape to the office and indoor areas we work in can be a mood lifter. Imagine a 30-ft tree next to a winding staircase in the lobby. Makes you smile, right?
Trees in your office space offer needed color and life to an otherwise dull expanse of cold space. Trees are magical and stunning with that aura to ease and relax one’s being.
So, if you’re looking to create an indoor commercial landscape design, without a doubt, trees should be at the heart of it all.
Trees are synonymous with life and they should be part of your office as much as laptops and chairs. They offer building occupants, who spend most of their busy lives indoors, a temporary (but magical) escape to nature.
Some studies have found that by having abundant plants, like trees, in the office, employees are less stressed and more productive!
No matter how ordinary or intricate, conventional or stylish your space is, the best indoor trees will always add that extra element. Your space can always use a little refreshing green touch whether you’ve been in business for decades or just a few weeks, or you’re a large corporation or a startup.
An admirable way to bring an exquisite aesthetic charm to the setting of your space is our unique selection of the best indoor trees. Many trees can thrive indoors if cared

########
Rank: 15
Score: 28.221184
Retrieved Text: Add a dash of green to your space with this hanging ficus stem by Ashland. You can prop it in a glass vase to brighten up your console table.
30" x 8" x 3.5"
Mini Ficus Bush by Ashland® is rated 5.0 out of 5 by 1.
Rated 5 out of 5 by MissPam from Excellent Greenery Hanging Bush This mini ficus is perfect for use in wreaths, hanging baskets, or any trailing arrangement. The fact that it's plastic makes it appropriate for exposure to the elements, too, which is a feature I'm always looking for, as I make and sell wreaths that can be used inside or outside. The color of this mini ficus varies from a light green to a pale sage and blends well with almost any other greenery and florals. I bought two, but for this price, I'm going back tomorrow to buy more.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 28.031282
Retrieved Text: Our best-selling Ficus Benjamina is the closest match you’ll find to the real thing. For construction, color, appearance and price, they can’t be beat. The canopy simulates a real ficus in width and layered branching. The trunks are heavy caliper silver maple which best replicates an actual ficus trunk.
These can be made in sizes from 6 ft. to 35 ft. tall. With our large selection of sizes, number of trunks, and price ranges, we can match a tree to fit your specific needs.
These trees are custom manufactured right here in our Pittsburgh facility. Above is a shipment of quality real maple trunks which we procure from nearby locales.
On the left, 18' multi-trunk ficus are fitted and prepared to be disassembled, wrapped and shipped.
Available in bush form and topiary form as well.
Our large multi-trunk ficus, shown here from 12' to 20' can be planted in decorative containers, built-in permanent planters or flush planted into recessed floor receptacles.
Ficus foliage is very popular on our specialty line of Museum Series Trees These are large trees with molded bark trunks which resemble live trees you’d see in the forest.
See more pictures in our Museum Series Gallery. To order call 1-888-745-5701 or email Blaine Leister.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.880508
Retrieved Text: Since the weather outside is still frightful, we would like to concentrate on what is happening inside! How do your indoor plants and trees look? Are they in need of re-potting with an updated planter or a change of color? Here are a few suggestions for indoor trees and plants like jade, yucca and ficus.
Did you know that you will sleep deeper with a potted jade plant in your home? The potted jade bonsai evergreen is very low care and it needs moderate direct light (setting it on a south or west facing windowsill during th day provides enough) and infrequent watering.
If leaves crinkle or fall off you may be over watering. Their leaves are deep green and look lovely in a terracotta pot or a light color planter for contrast.
Ficus tree's main requirement is consistency, so they do well in a living or family room where the temperature, humidity and light conditions remain relatively static. Put the potted tree near or across from a curtained north or east facing window so it can get the moderate, indirect light it needs while being protected from drafts.
(All potted ficus trees drop their leaves when adapting to a new environment, so don't worry) Did you know that potted ficus trees filter out toxic formaldehyde, which can be found in furniture glues and cleaning products?
Unlike many trees, the spineless yucca can adjust to drastic changes in temperature, making it well suited for a foyer. Potted yuccas also prefer direct sunlight like a front hall with a south or west

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.813074
Retrieved Text: I have had a Ficus tree for 28 years and it was doing beautifully until we had some furnace repair and decided to get a heat pump in the room where the Ficus lived and removed the floor heating. We only turn the heat pump on when we are in that room. I didn’t think anything of it until the leaves fell off in droves. I moved the tree to a warmer room, pruned the dead branches. Now it is not soaking up any water. It just lays in the tray below. I am sad about this since I have had it so long. Any chance of recovery????
The degree of damage caused by cold depends on just how low the temperature got and how long it was exposed to the cold. So I cannot say whether or not it will recover.
I can tell you that the leaves are the most exposed and they fall off first. The roots, however, are more important long term and they are insulated from the cold somewhat by the pot and soil. Thus, it is possible for all the leaves to die, but if the roots survive, then new leaf growth will be produced when temps are kept warm.
I don’t recommend watering from the bottom. Top watering is much more effective and gives you better control.
Either your Ficus is already dead or its growth rate has slowed down substantially so either way it will not use much water. Therefore, you have to be careful not to inadvertently rot the roots. Allow

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.590794
Retrieved Text: I have a fiscus(?) that I bought from Wal-Mart a few years ago (is this the same as a rubber plant?). For awhile, all of the leaves were dropping off like crazy, which was partially due to the fact that I didn't know how to water it properly. Before long, I only had 14 leaves left on the whole thing!
All of last summer, I left the plant outside to see if the leaves would grow back. It seemed to be doing great, with new leaves coming in regularly and the stalks were growing, too.
When I brought the plant back in for the winter, I began watering it myself based on what had been suggested here. I tried giving it a little more than a cup a day, and was making sure that the soil was staying moist (but not wet) about 4" beneath the surface of the soil. The plant is directly in front of a south-facing window.
But since the day I brought it in, there hasn't been any new growth at all. In fact, recently a few of the smaller leaves fell off.
Am I STILL watering it wrong? The plant is about 2-3' tall, 7 stalks, and in a pot that's about 12" in diameter. I put a thin layer of decorative gravel (crushed brick) on top of the soil over a year ago to keep my cat from peeing in it. I'm watering it just above the soil, a little more than a cup a day.
PS, I also had a goldfish tank, and they

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.550222
Retrieved Text: Fig trees of any type can be seen in Tenerife.
Fig trees grow all over Tenerife. But not all sorts everywhere.
What isn't thriving wild on a slope by Ifonche in the South or on farms in Buenavista del Norte for commercial purpose stands in people's orchards or even on street corners, such as this Ficus Carica.
It's part of the most common Mediterranean and Middle Eastern types, although its leaves are slightly larger. Therefor, some would call it a black Brazilian fig.
Fruit and vegetable shops sell cheap fig fruit in Tenerife when it's harvest time in the Isla Baja.
A fruit shop in La Longuera Toscal charged €1 for 170g of fresh locally grown figs at the beginning of October 2014.
Figs are extremely healthy both fresh and dried. Not only by their beneficial fiber and vitamins but also by a high calcium content. The latter has only been discovered lately.
The Tenerife Botanical Gardens Jardin Botánico in Puerto de la Cruz are your sure bet at the end of summer to even see ficus flora with fruit.
The fruit of the Himalayan fig auriculata which is depicted above is only fed to animals. That's not the case in the rest of the Auriculata's habitat all over Asia.
Its leaves are almost round and rather large which led to its other name Elephant ear fig.
It's a perennial evergreen, profusely spreading shrub.
Its fruit which reaches the size of a medium sized apple doesn't only grow in groups on branches. It even clusters around the bottom of the trunk near the soil as well as

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.416075
Retrieved Text: Visit and explore the legendary island of Patmos in Greece where John lived in exile and wrote the apocalyptic Book of Revelation as given to him by Jesus.
Our Bible study Christian cruises visit the island of Patmos in Greece. One of the ports of call on the cruise is at Kusadasi which is near Ephesus. During the trip, you’ll depart Ephesus and travel about 80 kilometers to the quaint island of Patmos. You won’t arrive on a large ship, but instead on a smaller boat so you can have a time of praise and worship outside of the grotto where the Apostle John lived. Tour leaders typically give a fantastic teaching from the garden outside of the cave. You can sit in the garden in the lovely intimate amphitheater above Patmos’ harbor. It is from this vantage point that you will study the Book of Revelation that John received while banished here.
You will have time to walk inside the cave and spend as much time as you like. The Greek Orthodox church manages the cave, and the scent of frankincense will be quite heavy. The scent has permeated the stone walls and the various furnishings that are kept inside. If you’re up to it, you can walk through the quiet neighborhoods down the hill where the shops, bicycles and motor scooters can be rented.
What Would You Do With Your Time on the Isle of Patmos?
You’ll have free time to explore, and the chance to get a glimpse of a local fisherman’s island life. Travelers can bring

########
Rank: 22
Score: 27.376608
Retrieved Text: Ficus tree communicates its discomfort by dropping off the shining green leaves. In fact, it is a protective mechanism with which the indoor plant reacts to negative conditions. The cause of this flaw is rarely obvious and it requires a specific analysis. Read here why Ficus benjamina loses its leaves. This care guide shows you how to help your “problem child”.
All plant parts are toxic!
Nonverbally and yet unmistakably, Ficus tree “tells” us when it does not feel well. The popular indoor plant reacts to a disorder by dropping off the elegant shining leaves. This sign requires immediate action, so that the evergreen ambassador of tropical rainforest atmosphere does not die.
The range of possible causes for leaves falling off is broad, so a specific analysis is unavoidable. Read here what to do if your Ficus benjamina loses its leaves. These care instructions explain how to successfully guide your Ficus tree through the adverse conditions of Central Europe.
All parts of Ficus tree are poisonous. Intentional or unintentional consumption causes to people and animals poisoning symptoms such as nausea, vomiting and diarrhea.
When a Ficus benjamina loses its leaves, this damage often results from an immediate change to a new location. This measure cannot always be avoided, for example in the case of moving to a new house. In this case, you should have a little patience. After a few weeks Ficus tree will be adjusted to the new place and will balance again the leaf loss. This is, of course, only the case when the new location has to

########
Rank: 23
Score: 27.2836
Retrieved Text: mist has already burned away and the sky is blue, but there was no rain last night and today promises to be quite hot. Our students are showing a lot of effort and a very sound work ethic. They want to accomplish something in a short period of time whether or not nature cooperates.
Today's image is a fig (Ficus)in fruit that are nearly ripe. These figs are about the size of a marble and a very large number of species loves them. They actually don't taste too bad. Figs have a complicated reproductive interaction with fig wasps, tiny wasps that both pollinate and reproduce in the figs. Best if you don't think about the implications of this when you eat your next fig. However this fig will be a great place to watch for birds. You might get to see 30-40 species in such a fig in just an hour or two if you get up early enough, or sit where you can watch the fig and still have your coffee.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 27.15256
Retrieved Text: When should you buy your fresh Christmas tree? That rather depends where you’re buying it.
Is November too early to buy a Christmas tree?
Some garden centres are urging you to rush out this weekend (25th November) to buy your tree from them; their trees are already in store and they argue that it’s better to buy one this weekend and keep it at home rather than buy one in December that’s been drying out in the garden centre for weeks. If you follow their advice, make sure you have somewhere cool and safe to store your tree.
We back the British Christmas Tree Growers Association whose advice is to wait until December to get a fresher tree. Many large-scale growers cut and despatch the trees for their biggest wholesale customers first and then cut for smaller wholesale orders and their own shops. Small scale growers, like us, continue to cut throughout December and at some Christmas tree farms you can even go into the field and select a tree that will be cut down while you wait.
Knowledgeable staff at Slamseys will help you find the best tree for your home.
If you want a standard five to six feet high tree, hang on until 9th or 10th December, particularly if you plan to take it inside straight away. If you’re buying from a Christmas tree farm, you may be able to get a fresher tree by leaving it even later. We cut trees to replenish our stock throughout December, so you might get a very fresh tree if you

########
Rank: 25
Score: 27.049026
Retrieved Text: Imported from China our Golden Gate Ficus have Imported from China our Golden Gate Ficus have been meticulously trained for wonderful truck movement. The Chinese have hand-wired every tree to create the trunks' beautiful swirl. The small dark green leaves make the Golden Ficus perfectly suited for bonsai.
The Mini Phalaenopsis and Fern with Bridsnest Planter Nearly Natural Is the quality product, attractive and cheap.You should be confident of this product because we have chosen products from stores, quality and reliability.If you are thinking to buy this products you should Check Rates & items descriptions before buying.
We have been experienced manufacturer. Wining the majority of the crucial certifications of its market for Crossfit Digital Jump Rope, Gearbox For Extruder, Stainless Steel Casting Washing Machine Parts, Washing Machine Motor Cover, We guaranteed high quality, if clients were not satisfied with the products' quality, you can return inside 7days with their original states.
Artificial plants are made from a variety of materials that enhance their quality and appearance. At , you can find plants made with fabric like silk that can enhance softness and realism, or plants made of natural materials such as wood and bamboo.
Growco Indoor Garden Supply opened for business in 1999 and we've been supplying both hobbyist and professional gardeners with quality merchandise through our retail stores and website for over 10 years! We're here to supply you with the best products that the industry has to offer, all at competitive and affordable pricing.
Mini gold wash plant for sale products are most popular in Africa, Domestic Market,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.98748
Retrieved Text: If you want to keep something really exciting in your tropical aquarium the chances are that you've thought about piranhas. With a reputation as one of the world's most fearsome fish, the piranha is actually quite shy by nature, but will become more confident if properly cared for. A naturally hardy fish, it makes a good choice for the beginner aquarist - provided, of course, that basic safety precautions are taken.
Piranhas are relatively big fish, growing to as much as twelve inches in length, and they need a fair amount of space to swim around, so make sure your aquarium is large enough for them. When young they prefer to live in shoals, but as they get older they become more solitary and territorial. Older piranhas who have not been raised together should not be kept together. They can be kept with larger fish of other species, but may occasionally bite them. Once they are fully grown they will generally leave much smaller fish alone, especially if they have been trained to accept non-live food.
Many aquarists feed their piranhas on smaller fish, but this is not recommended, as it results in a high fat intake which can lead to obesity. Young piranhas will happily accept flakes and freeze dried foods like tubifex and bloodworm, but older ones prefer a meatier diet.
Pieces of lean beef, chicken and fish are popular choices. However, to remain in good health, your piranhas will also need vegetable matter in their diets. Pieces of raw potato, banana and courgette are usually well

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.91368
Retrieved Text: Buy Ficus Infectoria plant (White Fig plant) + Basic care, Size, Lighting, Fertilizing, Pruning, Watering, Benefits and Pest control.
Ficus infectoria is commonly known as white fig. This species of fig is characterised by unique inflorescence and distinctive pollination syndrome. These are famously grown as houseplants. The size of the plant varies in size depending upon the natural conditions. The plant can grow from 2 to 30 metres.
The Ficus infectoria is famously known as the White fig or Ficus Iceland.
It hails from the Moraceae family, a distinct group of fig and mulberry.
The Ficus is a native of the tropical regions of East Asia but it is widely grown in all the tropical regions of the world.
The flowers are inconspicuous and the chief reason for the growth of the plant is its foliages.
The white fig plant is easy to grow and maintain.
The tree grows well when a temperature range of 60 – 70 degrees Fahrenheit is provided to it.
The white fig plant can grow up to a maximum height of 2 to 30 metres basing upon the natural conditions of the region where it is planted.
The light requirement often varies.
Like most of the Fig species, the white fig plant also prefers bright indirect sun with filtered light.
Exposure to bright and direct sunlight may lead to scalding of leaves and leaf loss.
The White fig plant has medium water requirements.
During plantation it is advisable to water well to settle the soil.
While watering, always check the top layer of soil. If it feels moist to touch the plant need not be

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.70814
Retrieved Text: My first piece of advice is: DO NOT GET A PUREBRED ANYTHING unless you're looking to show or breed. Stick with mixes and mutts. They're much calmer, less bone-headed, and tend to have fewer health problems down the line. I have little experience with huskies but I've had TONS with territorial dogs. As long as you don't have any timid people in your household the dog should fit in quite nicely. My previous dog (a Chow/Shepherd cross, about as territorial as you can get) loved cats and other animals, even other dogs. Most dogs are going to be quite comfortable with other animals because they're pack animals. Herding dogs may nip and try to "herd" other animals and people. Hunting dogs could possibly be dangerous around small animals. Although one of our current dogs is half bloodhound and he gets along quite well with the cats. It really depends on the individual.
The territorial issues have mostly to do with humans so the dog might become aggressive towards strangers. We had to lock our chow/shepherd away every time we had guests.
Unless you plan on keeping your dog inside all the time, get a fence! Outside dogs are considerably easier and less time-consuming to care for than inside dogs. Being kept inside it'll have to be walked every day and taken outside every few hours. When you go on vacation or even just leave for the day you'll need someone to dogsit for you.
I've never used an Invisible Fence so I have no idea how effective it is

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.61738
Retrieved Text: Ficus benjamina is a native to south and southeast Asia!
Ficus Benjamina, also known as the Weeping Fig, is probably the most commonly grown indoor tree!!!
It’s beauty and versatility makes ficus benjamina an excellent choice!
This is the Ficus tree so often seen in malls. It is a very popular indoor tree that can grow rapidly !!!
The trees are sometinmes seen with braided trunks,or spiraled shape trunks or grown as small bonsai !!!
USDA Zones 7 -10 INSIDE POTTED EVERYWHERE!!!

================



======= Instance Index 33 =========
Input Text: A flask is a container can, it is made to hold what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- fire
- store
- contain food
- garage
- liquid

Target Text: liquid

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 34.05427
Retrieved Text: This high quality 2-tone pink hip flask is perfect for the ladies! The engraving plate is great for rotary or laser engraving companies looking for a high margin product to market to buyers. The food grade stainless steel provides a safe container for drinking, the welded joints assure the flask will not leak and the 2-tone pink material around the flask is rich with color! The engraving plate is made from stainless steel and is perfect for monogram, initials or last names. Ladies will enjoy this compact hip flask, it is big enough to hold 6 shots but small enough to fit any purse or pocket (measures 4-1/2" X 3-5/8".) Don't sacrifice quality for price; buy wholesale at CKB Products and get an ultra-low wholesale price on high quality stainless steel hip flasks!
You can buy these hip flasks with the blank engraving plate or add personalized engraving for just $3.00 per flask!
To provide your personalized text on your engraved flask simply write what you need in the "additional comments" section of the order form during the checkout process. Or, you can email us at sales@ckbproducts.com with your personalization request.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 31.699581
Retrieved Text: Since the focus of our site is hydration, when we talk about Hydro Flask we are typically talking about their insulated water bottles. But the Hydro Flask Food Flask is a nifty little device from a favorite brand which we just couldn’t help but take a look at. The Hydro Flask Food Flask takes the exceptional insulating power of Hydro Flask’s double-walled insulated design and scales it down a bit to make a perfect little food container ideal for keeping your food stuff hot or cold for hours.
We got our hands on a couple Hydro Flask Food Flasks and have been putting them to use over the past few weeks. They are an ideal way to pack a hot lunch for work or school, or have something nice and warm (or cold!) at the end of a hike or run. Available in 12- and 18-ounce varieties, the Hydro Flask Food Flask has proven an ideal storage method for a diversity of food stuffs – everything from steaming hot ramen to ice cream can take advantage of the Food Flask’s insulation.
These Hydro Flask Food Flasks aren’t really something new – they’ve been on the market for awhile. This has given us plenty of opportunity to put them through their paces, and we can definitely say they live up to the Hydro Flask name quite well. Exceptionally durable, well-constructed, stylish in appearance and formidable in functionality. The Food Flask has proven to be a brilliant insulator on both ends of the temperature scale. I first put this to

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.782257
Retrieved Text: A legend knows exactly what it takes to live a full, rich life. Our personalized gift set for men was created to help every guy become the legend they know they are inside. A real U.S. military 50-caliber ammo canister can be filled with every legendary tie, liquor bottle, or tool a guy has in his life. This gift set for men also includes a pair of rocks glasses that are perfect for enjoying spirits neat, on the rocks, or with a mixer. The flask is a legend already with the ability to hold liquor and cigars in one easily portable container. We even added a sleek cigar cutter so you can enjoy a cigar whenever you’d like. This set comes engraved with the name of your choosing. It’s an awesome gift idea for boyfriends, coworkers, and birthdays. The ammo can measures 12” x 7” x 6”. The flask holds 4 ounces and can hold up two 46-ring cigars. Each rocks glass measures 3.5” x 3.25” and can hold 10.25 ounces.
https://www.homewetbar.com/man-myth-legend-personalized-50-caliber-ammo-can-gift-set-for-men-p-7682.html 5556 Man Myth Legend Personalized 50 Caliber Ammo Can – Gift Set for Men https://www.homewetbar.com/media/catalog/product/7/6/7682-man-myth-legend-50-caliber.jpg 99.95 99.9500 USD InStock /Drinkware & Glasses/Whiskey & Bourbon Rocks Glasses /Unique Personalized Gifts/Whiskey Glasses + Scotch /Great Gift Ideas/Gifts for Men/Gifts for Boyfriend - Best Gift Ideas /Great Gift Ideas/Gifts for Men/Boxed Sets and Gift Baskets for Men /Christmas Gift Ideas/Gifts $50 and Up /Christmas Gift Ideas/Gifts for Heroes /Great Gift Ideas/Gifts for Men/Groomsmen Gift Ideas /Great Gift Ideas/Gifts for Men/Funny Gifts for Men /Home & Bar Accessories/Home Bar

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.744396
Retrieved Text: Carry water at all times with the Coghlan's Plastic Flask. This flexible, virtually unbreakable container can hold water, power drinks or any other favorite beverage. The 16 oz. flask is useful for the hiker, hunter or most any open-air enthusiast.
- Virtually unbreakable plastic flask holds 16 oz.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 30.178675
Retrieved Text: Taking your food on the go can be a difficult proposition. Typical bowls and containers are easily opened, and thus tend to easily spill their contents at the slightest drop or tumble. Even your average water bottle is almost incapable of keeping its contents completely inside it and will leak ever so slightly. Add to this the fact that normal containers like bowls and sealed cups simply cannot deal with different temperatures.
If you happen to be taking your hot food to a cold place, you can expect your first bite to be a lot cooler than it was when you put it in the container. Water and liquids also fall victim to this, heating up when left in a warm area for too long. Eating cold food and drinking warm liquids is almost never pleasant, so we’ve put together a list of food flasks that are perfectly designed to prevent this experience.
Our selection of the best food flasks thermos available in the UK market in 2018!
This food flask is top-of-the-line, featuring a durable exterior and interior constructed from stainless steel. The lid is also made from stainless steel it actually doubles as a serving bowl, in case you find yourself without one. From the outside, this flask is cool to the touch even when carrying very hot liquids inside. It’s also sweat-proof when carrying cold liquids. The mouth of the flask is especially wide so as to facilitate easy pouring, and a full-size spoon made from stainless steel is included as well. The technology behind this

########
Rank: 5
Score: 29.534876
Retrieved Text: Whether you’re out and about in the urban jungle or in nature, sitting in the office or outside your tent: This modern vacuum flask is just so practical for keeping hot things hot and cold things cold for longer.
It is made from high-quality 18/8 stainless steel, holds 750 ml and is easy to hold and store thanks to its slim design. The double-walled stainless steel lid can also be used as a mug, and a second mug, in plastic, also comes with it. A non-slip pad protects the container and the surface it stands on. The twist and pour closure that only needs to be turned, not removed, for pouring is another practical detail.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 29.344284
Retrieved Text: We provide first-class services and products. We have a wide range of products such as thermos container UK, they are inexpensive but good quality. thermos container UKalways attract customers from all over the world. We follow the principle "customer is god", so we will do our best to achieve the satisfaction of customer.
With the strong assistance of our knowledgeable professionals, we are able to manufacture an extensive gamut of thermos container UK . It is intricately manufactured with the aid of cutting-edge techniques using the superior quality raw material under the able guidance of our qualified technical experts.
Food flasksthermos® -- hot matters. cold matters. it matters.
Find and share thermos coupon codes and promo codes for great discounts at ... thermos uk. sale ... up to 45% off new thermos insulated flasks, jars & more.
Thermos bottle stanley vacuum bottle classic green 1l. £39.95. lunch box ... £ 36.95. food jar stanley adventure vacuum stainless steel 0,41 liter. £22.95.
The official thermos uk store. the largest online shop of thermos products in the uk.
The sho bottle, the ultimate water bottle. double walled, stainless steel vacuum flask technology.
... to buy today at dunelm, the uk's largest homewares and soft furnishings store. ... stanley adventure food jar ... stanley adventure 1 litre vacuum flask.
Buy insulated food & beverage transportfood & drink carriers with fast & free delivery available ✓ price match promise ✓ award winning service.
Stanley pmi online store offers an assortment of vacuum bottles, mugs, thermoses, cookware and more!
9 products ... wilko vacuum flask stainless steel 1l image ... wilko

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.985596
Retrieved Text: Cheeki Insulated Food Jar, Stainless Steel Thermal Food Container (480 ml/16 oz), . Vacuum insulated hot food flask made with premium food grade materials, BPA-free, eco-friendly and safe. Vacuum insulation keeps food cold for up to 12 hours and hot for up to 8 hours.
Design – Our cute and trendy design features a sleek colored body, insulated throughout, with a unique leak-proof and spill-proof cap. An advanced technology steam release button allows for easy opening and an interior lid aids insulation.
Features – Designed with the commuter in mind, our portable food flask is completely spill-proof and leak-proof for the ideal “to-go” food container.
Recommended Use – Cheeki’s Insulated Food Jar is your best choice for a durable and trendy lunch-on-the-go food container. Use confidently for all your travel needs with our high-performance spill-proof design.
Double walled and vacuum insulated these high performance food jars are versatile and leak proof. Great for lunch box salads, fruit, soups, pasta or noodles they keep contents hot for up to 8 hours or fresh and cold for up to 12 hours. The steam release button makes for easy opening and the internal lid aids insulation. The 480ml jars are large enough to hold left-overs or adult-size lunches. A smaller 350ml Food Jar is available for smaller tummies.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 28.35991
Retrieved Text: This Flask Tie is the perfectly way to sneak in some drinkable sustenance into an office environment, alcoholic or otherwise.
The design is actually quite ingenious. Hidden within the thin part of the Flask Tie is a straw that leads to a six ounce drink container. The tie otherwise looks just like any other tie when it’s not being used to quench some thirst. In what is probably a great marketing move, the makers of the Flask Tie never actually state outright on their website that the Flask Tie can be used for booze and alcohol, but it’s what we’re all thinking. The makers of the Flask Tie have also brought out a Pillow Tie that is designed for a pillow when you need it most.
Between giving employees the ability to sneak naps and sneak booze into the workplace, the manufacturers have likely set back office productivity for years to come, but at least they’ve done it in incredibly fashionable fashion.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 28.093122
Retrieved Text: Did you realize there could be asbestos in flasks holding your precious coffee, when pouring it in the cups of your family members? Probably not, we assume that consumer products bought in our home nations are free of asbestos. But, just like asbestos-containing sky lanterns make their way into nations with asbestos bans, the situation is even worse with thermoses having asbestos as a component. The asbestos is usually applied in the separators of the double glass wall of the thermos flask, usually raw friable asbestos. Even worse, some laboratory analysises report use of amphibole asbestos in flasks, including brown asbestos and blue asbestos, the most deadly types of asbestos.
On top of that, those asian-made thermoses are more or less flooding into the western market as cheap imports, sold on the shelfs, just like many other asian products. Thermoses caught in random controls has been recalled (see list below), but the estimated number of unreported uses of asbestos in flasks is high because there are hardly any controls.
Just like the sky lanterns, asbestos in flasks is ususally not detected by EN71 tests or other product quality controls. Specific tests to find asbestos are only perfomed in case of alerts or if the product is known to be a hazard. So, we cannot tell if there is asbestos in flasks we use at home. It should not be neccessary, but it seems we must make sure that importers and retailers do not sell as deadly products like thermoses with asbestos in them. Contact your authorities to raise

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.83082
Retrieved Text: Our HUGE 5000ml Erlenmyer Flask is the ideal vessel to make a large yeast starter for a 40L+ batch. Because it is made from borosilicate glass you can move it from a boil on your stove into a cold water bath for cooling, without the risk of cracking. This means you can do the whole process in one container, keeping it simple and helping to reduce the risk of contamination when transferring from one container to another.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.50279
Retrieved Text: Eclipse Z Black Leather 8 Ounce Flask Gift Set - Only $41.99 for Eclipse Z Black Leather 8 Ounce Flask Gift Set at VIPGroomsmenGifts.com!
The Eclipse Z Black Leather 8 Ounce Flask Gift Set is a perfect gift to give your groomsmen in honor of your wedding day. This attractive and elegant flask gift set comes with a gorgeous flask that is made from the finest stainless steel. The flask features a very nice black leather exterior and can hold up to 8 fluid ounces. In addition to the flask, the gift set includes a very handy and practical funnel that is helpful when filling the flask. To make this gift set even more special, you can have it engraved at absolutely no additional cost to you!
Our expert engravers will engrave the flask with up to 2 lines of text, free of charge. Each line of text can hold up to 12 characters or letters max. This is a perfect place to put the recipient�s name, the date of your wedding, his initials, or a college nickname. You can even choose a font from our wide selection of different font styles. Pick a different font for each of your groomsmen and make each flask set that much more unique and individualized. You can be sure that your groomsmen will be impressed with this thoughtful and considerate gift. Plus, they will surely enjoy using it on wedding day and for many years to come.
The Eclipse Z Black Leather 8 Ounce Flask Gift Set is a handsome, elegant, and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.342335
Retrieved Text: Glassware used in a chemistry laboratory is special. It needs to resist chemical attack. Some glassware has to withstand sterilization. Other glassware is used to measure specific volumes, so it can't change its size appreciably over room temperatures. Chemicals may be heated and cooled so the glass needs to resist shattering from thermal shock. For these reasons, most glassware is made from a borosilicate glass, such as Pyrex or Kimax. Some glassware isn't glass at all, but inert plastic such as Teflon.
Each piece of glassware has a name and purpose. Use this photo gallery to learn the names and uses of different types of chemistry laboratory glassware.
No lab would be complete without beakers. Beakers are used for routine measuring and mixing in the lab. They are used to measure volumes to within 10% accuracy. Most beakers are made from borosilicate glass, though other materials may be used. The flat bottom and spout allow this piece of glassware to be stable on the lab bench or hot plate, plus it's easy to pour a liquid without making a mess. Beakers are also easy to clean.
A boiling tube is a special variety of test tube that is made specifically for boiling samples. Most boiling tubes are made of borosilicate glass. These thick-walled tubes are usually about 50% larger than average test tubes. The larger diameter allows samples to boil with less chance of bubbling over. The walls of a boiling tube are intended to be immersed in a burner flame.
Burets or burettes are used when it is necessary

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.323458
Retrieved Text: I’ve been a Python programmer for a while, but only recently have I been exposed to Docker.
Essentially, if a Docker image works in your computer, it should work in all of them, because the image is independent of whatever dependencies you might have installed in your system. This is why it comes in handy when making your Flask application; you can make sure the exact versions of the dependencies you need are installed, and when it’s time to run the image, just tell it which port you want to use.
So, let’s get started. For this tutorial I will be using Ubuntu 17.04 64-bit inside of a VirtualBox VM, but you’re free to sue whatever you want. The commands should be similar in Mac or other Unix based systems.
This command will install Docker in Ubuntu, but check out their page on instructions for all other OS, it should straight forward and painless.
If you restart your system (or manually run the daemon this time if you don’t want to restart) and run docker version again, you should have no problems.
Perfect! Now let’s make a sample Flask application to try this on. Don’t worry, it will be essentially the same process for bigger projects.
This is pretty simple as Flask projects go, but if you don’t understand what’s going, maybe you should go learn Flask first! Check out this tutorial which goes over all the basics as well as showing you how to set up a virtual environment.
We will need to install Flask. We’ll do so using pip , which

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.277729
Retrieved Text: You just received a bouquet of flowers from Makati Flower Delivery, it is good idea to rehydrate the flowers so that it will last longer. The best way to hydrate it is to place it in a water container. Choosing a container for your flowers is quite simple. Any container that can properly hold water will do: tall mug, pitcher, vase, tumbler will do. If you prefer to use wooden boxes or wicker boxes which does not hold water, we suggest you conceal a plastic container inside the box so you can water the flowers regularly.
Some vases are built to be a little heavy in the bottom to provide additional support for taller flower arrangements. Tall vases will work for longer stem flowers such as tulips and Ecuadorian roses, just make sure the vase can support the height of the arrangement. A medium height vase or a vase with a wider opening will work well if the bouquet you received has shorter stems or bulkier, these may be a bunch of daisies or carnations. Some urns would also work because it is wider on the top part.
It is good to match your vase depending on the situation, mood or occasion. For casual occasions a mason jar, glass pitchers, ceramic mugs and ceramic pots would do. While for a more formal event you may want to use silver-plated or gold-plated containers. Crystal vases would also do the trick if you have one.
If you have tall bottles you can use them for single stem flowers or as much

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.12351
Retrieved Text: One Day Ground Shipping to Ashburn, Virginia!
$39.99 & FREE Shipping on orders over $59.
Delivers to ( change ) by as part of our Fast & Free Shipping.
This Erlenmyer flask is huge, coming in at 5000 ml (5L!), making it the ideal vessel to make a large yeast starter for a 10+ gallon batch. The best brewers make large yeast starters to get their beer fermenting fast, and most of them do so in an Erlenmeyer flask. Large populations of active yeast help ensure flavorful beer free of off flavors. Because this flask is made from borosilicate glass you can move it from a boil into a cold water bath for cooling. This means you can do the whole process in one container, keeping it simple and helping to reduce the risk of contamination when transferring from one container to another.
It is important for your safety to heat water in the flask with a heat source that distributes heat evenly. Morebeer! recommends using the "double boiler method." This process involves using a boiling water bath on the outside of the flask to heat up the water inside the flask. All you need is a kettle 3 gallons or larger. This process is much safer and efficient. If the flask should break or boil over, your kettle will be there to collect the contents, thus keeping your stove clean and keeping you safe.
Safety First: Please take us up on a great deal - save $14.95 when you purchase a 5000ml flask and our BE300 5 gallon stainless steel

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.007915
Retrieved Text: This post describes the method I have been using to follow changes in soil nitrogen using only simple equipment and inexpensive test strips. It evolved from earlier experiments involving an attempt to stimulate nitrification in an organic plant growth medium. See the post “A method for observing the soil Nitrogen cycle in action” for more information and some test results.
This is a qualitative test procedure and exact measurements are not taken but an attempt is made to keep volumes as consistent as possible. An estimate of cost based on the price of the test strips, and other consumables is about $1.75 per test.
The design of the Erlenmeyer flask allows for separating liquid from solid portions of a mixture and facilitate the filtration process.
Holds about 30mL of filtrate.
For inserting test strips into the test tube.
For timing color development of test strips.
Used to make 10:1 dilution of test solution in order to extend the range of test strips.
I use an inexpensive equivalent of Whatman #1 but a coffee filter should work.
Place close to 50ml of soil into a clean container. I use a 250mL Erlenmeyer flask but a jar or similar container can be used. The container should have a mark at 50mL for consistent results.
Add about 50ml of de-ionised (DI) water to the flask or other container. This will extract a good portion of the soluble compounds from the soil. Keep in mind that some of the soluble material will remain with the solids and nutrients that are cationic such as ammonium can be bound by negative

########
Rank: 17
Score: 26.859568
Retrieved Text: Paint on the go with this set of eight high-quality watercolor half pans in a handy travel box.
Be ready whenever and wherever inspiration strikes! Pour water from the built-in flask into the removable water container and you're ready to paint.
The durable, compact travel palette comes with eight half pans of Schmincke Horadam Aquarell Artist Watercolor: Cadmium Red Light, Lemon Yellow, Permanent Carmine, Permanent Green Olive, Prussian Blue, Sepia Brown, Ultramarine Finest, and Yellow Ochre. The space in the middle of the palette can hold four additional half pans or a travel brush (not included).
Schmincke has been developing and manufacturing its Horadam line of watercolors since 1881. The colors are made with only the highest-quality natural gums, water-soluble resins, and pigments.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 26.766827
Retrieved Text: If you are looking for a go-anywhere food and beverage container, then check out the range of products from Hydro Flask.
I have just got hold of the 21oz Standard Mouth version complete with insulated Sport Cap, and have been well impressed. I guess you could call this the middle-of-the-road size drinks companion, and is perfect for slipping into a day pack when you are heading for the hill, or planning a road trip. The slip-free grip makes it easy to manage, and the unique powder coat is scratch-resistant. What particularly impresses me, though, is the double wall insulation, which keeps beverages cold for a day – yes, that’s 24 hours – and piping hot for up to six hours, and warm for a further six hours.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 26.706343
Retrieved Text: A personalized Irish Family coat of arms flask is a highly unique gift that's particularly perfect for a best friend or best man. The flask is made of stainless steel and holds 6 ounces. The handsome and comfortable textured leather that wraps around the flask is soft and has stitching at both top and bottom edges. Once you select the family name from our list below, the Irish Family coat of arms flask is laser-engraved with your family coat of arms. Yes, it's that easy to have this personalized Family coat of arms in your hands. Carrying a flask to events with your family coat of arms allows you to feel pride in your family legacy.
This Irish Family coat of arms what's called a, "captive top," which is a small arm that attaches to the top so you don't worry about losing the cap to this special flask. However, remember that carrying this Family coat of arms flask in public places may be illegal in many USA locations because of the open container laws. Please plan ahead and use responsibly.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.66914
Retrieved Text: I just Dockerized a fantasy-premier-league web app that uses Flask framework and Bokeh library to display interactive visualizations of various Fantasy Premier League data. It is most certainly not the greatest Docker setup ever to exist, however it is quite a step on my learning path. The app is running live at fantasy.elek.hr in DigitalOcean’s OneClick Docker droplet. Since I didn’t find much material on the internet describing how one could configure such a scenario, I decided to write a post outlining the basic steps I took in order to get it working.
Why would you even do it?
Flask is a popular Python web application (micro)framework. Bokeh is a Python library for interactive visualizations. Together, they make an elegant solution for including interactive plots and dashboards in web applications. A typical Flask+Bokeh setup would consist of Bokeh server which serves interactive visualizations on a single port (usually 5006) and Flask web application which is served at another port (usually 5000) and which embeds visuals from Bokeh server. Running such solution is a two-step process. Firstly, we would run Bokeh application with bokeh serve <PATH_TO_BOKEH_APP>, and then the Flask application the usual python way, by executing script containing app’s entrypoint with python <PATH_TO_FLASK_APP>. This is all elegant and simple in development. However, deploying this app would require installing Bokeh and Flask on target server and running two mentoioned services. Don’t know about you, but the last thing I like doing is having a production environment that is not easily reproducible and that requires performing a set of manual,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.518845
Retrieved Text: BW Donut Mouse Thermos Insulated Stainless Steel Travel Food Jar Soup Flask Unbreakable Leak Proof And Shake Resistant 16 OZ Heat Insulation Effect Keep Food Warm Container - Generously sized and easy to clean lid doubles a serving bowl capacity making serving convenient than ever. Capacity 500 ml/16ozcare instructionhandwash only. Product dimension668″(l) x 401″(h) x 401″(w) and weights 14 oz. Double stainless steel interior and exterior walls for durabilitykeeps your drink icy cold or steamy hot. 100% bpa free polypropylene plastic(pp) cover and quality stainless steel design (lnside ss304 & outsidess201).
BW Hip Hop Unicorn Thermos Insulated Stainless Steel Travel Food Jar Soup Flask Unbreakable Leak Proof And Shake Resistant 16 OZ Heat Insulation Effect Keep Food Warm Container - Double stainless steel interior and exterior walls for durabilitykeeps your drink icy cold or steamy hot. Generously sized and easy to clean lid doubles a serving bowl capacity making serving convenient than ever. 100% bpa free polypropylene plastic(pp) cover and quality stainless steel design (lnside ss304 & outsidess201). Product dimension668″(l) x 401″(h) x 401″(w) and weights 14 oz. Capacity 500 ml/16ozcare instructionhandwash only.
Kuuk Lunch / Soup Container thermos Flask To Go – 17oz - Bring hot food and drink with you anywhere and retain their temperature, hassle-free. Made from high quality, 18/8 food-grade stainless steel, this thermos is durable and will never rust, bend or break. Airtight inner cover ensures contents never leak out, and is easy to open with the simple press of a button. Use this 17 ounce thermos for liquids like coffee, tea or

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.515446
Retrieved Text: Luxury single malt, The Macallan, has partnered with sport and lifestyle brand Oakley, Inc. to produce a unique limited edition flask.
Entitled ‘The Flask’, this latest collaboration for the brand has an edgy, adventurous feel. It underlines both The Macallan’s credentials in innovation whilst adhering to the brand’s unwavering commitment to precision and detailed craftsmanship.
Made from stainless steel and carbon fibre the flask is durable in style as well as design. The Flask has gone through extraordinarily exacting regimens and processes to ensure the exquisite taste of the single malt when in The Flask is maintained.
The Flask, which can hold 20cl, is extremely robust in functionality with every potential circumstance and environment of usage considered. The inner flask is laser welded, wrapped in carbon fibre composite and clad in aerospace grade aluminium.
Limited stock of ‘The Flask’ will be available to purchase via www.themacallan.com. 100 flasks will be available from 27th February date, priced £600.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.499252
Retrieved Text: Flasks are exceptionally useful when you are out hiking or camping, especially in the winter months.
They are there to keep your coffee and soup nice and warm so that you can enjoy it when you finally get a moment to rest.
Of course, it’s not always easy to find the right one. In this guide, we have gathered thermos flask reviews in order to find the best thermos flask or best vacuum flask for you. Take a look and see if the one for you is listed here.
There is a huge range of flasks available for purchase, so it’s not always easy to decide which one is going to be right for you.
In this section, we give some advice about choosing the right flask for you, as well as a few things to look for in the next one. All of this will help narrow down your search for the perfect thermos flask.
The first thing you need to do is ask yourself what purpose the thermos flask will serve. Are you planning on taking it with you when you go hiking or camping?
Do you want hot food and drinks on your trip or are you not bothered by it? Answering these questions is important when it comes to moving on and finding the right flask.
Is the thermos for food or beverages? This is important because the thermos for each purpose is different.
Those that were designed for foods, like soup, have a very large mouth so that it is easier to pour into the lid or a bowl.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.42302
Retrieved Text: East River Energy is a full service provider of energy products providing furnace, heating oil, pool water and bulk water delivery in Guilford, Branford, Clinton, Madison, CT. Call 203-453-1200.
OPEC has released their Annual Statistial Bulletin 2014.Under the heading of “Oil and Gas Data” there are several tables you can download. I was excited to find one labeled “ Table 3.21: World Exports of Crude Oil and Petroleum Products by Country”. It turned out to be useless however as it includes a lot of exports of imported products.
It is more common for households without mains gas access to heat their homes using either heating oil or electricity as the fuel source. Recently there has even been a shift that has seen more people using biomass as a heating source. This has become an attractive option since it includes a subsidy payment for every unit of hot water produced – this is known as the Renewable Heat Incentive.
2.8 Pressure affects the boiling point Use a flask with a one-hole stopper with a thermometer in it. Fill a flask 3/4 full with water, add boiling chips, heat until boiling, read the temperature, about 100 o C. Invert the flask and hold it under a cold stream of water.
Hot water. A hot-water radiator consists of a sealed hollow metal container filled with hot water by gravity feed, a pressure pump, or convection.
A combi boiler, as discussed previously, works by providing hot water without the need for a hot or cold water tank. Basically, if you turn the hot water taps

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.397863
Retrieved Text: On 27 July 1984, during unloading of the Argentinean container ship Rio Neuquen, a container of aluminium phosphide exploded in the port of Houston. One longshoreman was killed and other men were exposed to phosphine gas. The response team found a bulged shipping container in the hold with much of the contents unaffected by the explosion. The aluminium phosphide was stored in aluminium flasks which were packed in cardboard boxes.
After 2 days of discussions, the crew was finally removed by force from the Rio Neuquen. The hazardous atmosphere aboard the ship was continuously monitored but the handling of instruments (gas indicator tubes and photoionization unit) was unprofessional and improper.
The flasks were transferred to overpacks and powdered lime was added as a packing buffer and desiccant material. The use of lime as a packing agent was debatable because it caused tremendous dust problems. Lids were left loose on the drums to avoid accumulation of gas and reduce the risk of explosion.
After careful reviewing of several different disposal options, ocean dumping was decided. 7,000 flasks were handled on the deck of a supply vessel by personnel wearing full protective equipment. Each flask was manually punctured several times with the horn of a fire axe before releasing the flask overboard.
After thorough evaluation, ocean dumping was shown to be a safe and satisfactory option that could be recommended for aluminium phosphide and related types of chemicals.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.300121
Retrieved Text: Making a yeast starter is essential for proper pitching rates and reducing lag time when fermentation begins (this greatly minimizes the chances of bacterial infection in your batch). Starters will supply more yeast than your standard vial or package. Our HUGE 5000 ml (5L) Erlenmeyer Flask is the ideal vessel to make a yeast starter for 10+ gallon batches! This flask is made from borosilicate glass, which means it can be moved from a boil on your gas stove to a cold water bath for cooling, without the risk of cracking. (We do not recommend the use of an electric element. If this cannot be avoided, we recommend using a larger pot as a hot water bath on the stove.) With flasks, your yeast starter process can be completed all in one container. This not only keeps things simple, but the fewer the containers, the less risk for contamination.
Yeast starters ensure healthy yeast. By creating a yeast starter 1-3 days in advance of your brew day, you ensure that your yeast is healthy and strong enough to do its job. Secondly, the starter creates more yeast. This increase of the cell count will give you a better chance of keeping bacteria's and wild yeasts from fermenting in your wort. If you are planning to brew a high gravity beer (1.060+) you will need more yeast to start the fermentation faster. High gravity beers will also have a better chance of completing fermentation with ample quantities of yeast (less chance of stalling out).
The bottom is more convex

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.248493
Retrieved Text: Hip flasks are definitely a great gift you can give to anyone in your family. Through history, hip flasks have been an important tool. They have a rich and long history that goes back hundreds of years. Traditionally, they were designed to match the curve of a wearers hip. It was not until the 18th century that hip flasks developed in the form that they are famous for today. Before all that, they were traditionally made out of leather and glass. Usually, they were used by nobleman and gentry to use as a warming dram whenever they went on fishing expeditions or hunts.
Some people will even go farther than that and say hip flasks had an earlier prototype. Some people argue that the animal bladder stone age people used to carry liquids was how the idea of a hip flask started. Eventually evolved and before long they have become a something used by a huge number of people. They are designed to drink straight from the flask although a lot of fancier versions come to include cups. Today most hip flasks are made out of stainless steel. It seems that there are so many people that have put good use to a reliable hip flask. Soldiers, explorers and even a pope used a hip flask. It has become a traditional men’s accessory.
Hip flasks are containers that are specifically designed to hold any portion of hard liquor. A modern hip flask is sleek and elegant in for many men it has come to be a symbol of

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.226171
Retrieved Text: A perfectly crafted 7oz hallmarked sterling silver hip flask, the round hip flask has a 102mm diameter and is made from solid sterling silver, this includes the screw off lid, the hip flask is designed to hold 7fl oz of their favourite tipple.
The centre of the hip flask has an area onto which we can engrave your personalised message, making the perfect wedding, birthday or any other special occasion gift.
The flask has been hallmarked by the Birmingham Assay Office, this guarantees you the purity of the sterling silver and workmanship put into this handmade hip flask.
There is an option to add a silver funnel to the order for an extra price.
The flask comes complete with a high-quality gift box.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.092129
Retrieved Text: Picture this, a high quality hair brush with looking mirror on the other side. All this comes within a secret flask that can hold 6 oz. of alcohol or water. It is by far is best flask specially made for women. So you can take care of hair with fully functional paddle brush. Then use mirror on other side to see if everything looks perfect.

================



======= Instance Index 34 =========
Input Text: A flea made the dog itch, this is because to feed it can do what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- suck blood
- bite
- jump
- lay eggs
- attack

Target Text: suck blood

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 40.342068
Retrieved Text: Flea Jokes at FamilyPets Net the Home of Family Pets and Animals.
Q: What do you call a flea that lives in an idiots ear?
A: A space invader !
Q: What do you get if you cross a rabbit and a flea ?
Q: How do you start an insect race ?
A: One, two, flea - go !
Q: What is the difference between a flea and a wolf ?
A: One prowls on the hairy and the other howls on the prairie !
Q: What to you call a Russian flea ?
Q: How do you find where a flea has bitten you ?
A: Start from scratch !
Q: What is the difference between fleas and dogs ?
A: Dogs can have fleas but fleas can't have dogs !
Q: What did the clean dog say to the insect ?
A: Long time no flea !
Q: Who rode a dog and was a confederate general during the American Civil War ?
A: Robert E Flea !
Q: What did the idiot do to the flea in his ear ?
Q: What did one flea say to the other after a night out ?
A: Shall we walk home or take a dog ?
Q: Why did the stupid boy wear a turlte neck sweater ?
A: To hide his flea collar !
Q: What is a flea's favourite book ?
A: The itch-hikers guide to the galaxy !
Q: What is the most faithful insect ?
A: A flea, once they find someone they like they stick to them !
Q: What insect runs away from everything ?
Q: What is the difference between a flea bitten dog

########
Rank: 1
Score: 38.843204
Retrieved Text: Allergies in dogs seem like a commonplace topic. I just see how many dog ​​readers even when reading the title of this article yawned and are going to turn the page, firmly convinced that they already know everything about allergies. Take your time!
This article is for those who are confident in their knowledge of this topic. When asked what is allergy, a person who is not familiar with medicine will easily answer, and any real expert in this field will think about it.
The definition of the word "allergy" in all textbooks sounds almost the same - "the state of hypersensitivity of the animal organism in relation to a specific substance or substances (allergens), which develops with repeated exposure to these substances."
There are a number of completely mythical ideas about this ailment that have developed over the years. Let's all figure out - is there at least a grain of truth in these myths? And if all these myths are true, then why are so many dogs still suffering from allergies in its various manifestations?
Myth 1. The dog itches, the fleas are not visible - it means that she has food allergies.
If the dog itches, it still does not mean that she is allergic. Different dogs, like you and I, have different reactions to stimuli. In the active, choleric warehouse of the dog, even one nimble flea can cause severe irritation with its bites, and if the dog has dark wool, then the search for fleas will most likely not be crowned with success. In dogs, in

########
Rank: 2
Score: 37.63768
Retrieved Text: I see a lot of itchy dogs - dogs that lick their paws, dogs that scratch their belly, dogs that shake their heads because of ear infections. dogs that bite the fur off their lower back or sides. The most common reason for a dog to be so itchy is because of allergies.
Some allergies are relatively easy to deal with . Fleas? Use a monthly flea preventative to keep the parasites from biting. Chicken food allergy? Switch to a limited ingredient diet without any chicken.
But many itchy dogs have allergies that aren't so easy to prevent. Many dogs have a genetic predisposition to having multiple allergies. This is called ATOPY or canine atopic dermatitis.
For these dogs, historically we have treated them with antihistamines, which maybe decrease the itching a small amount. Steroids were used to give the best relief, but also had the most side effects. Sure your dog isn't scratching anymore, but now they are urinating in the house and getting loaves of bread off the counter. Long term, steroids can cause liver, skin, and heart issues and predispose a dog to infections.
Some dogs, once allergy testing is done to determine what is causing their allergies, do well on desensitization drops. But it can take up to a year to see improvement and the drops must be given either twice a day in the mouth or by injection.
Then several years ago a new drug came out that saved the lives of many extremely itchy dogs. This is Apoquel, a Janus kinase inhibitor. It works by

########
Rank: 3
Score: 37.241276
Retrieved Text: I already did flea I already did flea I already did flea this thing didn’t save it how frustrating the kids would be totally lost at this point and I really cant blame them. how does it save your old ones do you print them do you do anything with them how many new words can you get could we use this in class this week?
damn it. Why do you keep giving me FLEA? I mean…this is really bugging me! I could wing it, but I would rather fly to another site than sit here like this. Flea…yeah… I want to flee. Faster than you can say….
When i think about flea i think about getting up on saturday or sunday mornings and going to flea market and shopping for cheap used items. i also think about flea on animals from being outside.
She swatted at the fly. “Aah, get off me!” Mumbling, she turned around and closed the door, then called downstairs, “Jenna, stop leaving the door open! You’re filling the house with flies!” Swatting at them, she went to get the fly-swatter.
Why was the first instinct to always flea? No one could catch wind, as air just falls through your finger tips and continues on unaffected. It cools but does not stay, a temporary relief that would eventually chill if it lingered. I guess I didn’t want anyone to grasp at me, I’d rather swirl through life lightly, unable to break my surroundings.
You scratch your sudden itch. Not sure from whence it came.
But, as you try

########
Rank: 4
Score: 36.82857
Retrieved Text: Dogs easily pick up fleas while playing outdoors, or when playing with another dog that is infested. Fleas cause a dog to itch uncontrollably. There are many flea dips and sprays on the market, but they contain strong chemicals that could cause skin irritation for your dog. It is best to kill fleas on dogs organically. This isn't hard to do, and most likely you already own the products needed to get rid of the fleas.
Take your dog to the bathroom and run a flea comb through its fur. This will remove a good number of fleas. Dip the comb in a bowl of soapy water after each stroke to kill the fleas.
Draw a bath with lukewarm water. Add 20 drops of tea-tree essential oil.
Set your pet in the herbal bath and lather it up with some mild dish-washing soap. Let the soap remain on the dog for five minutes to kill any fleas that might be on it.
Rinse your pet off and run the flea comb through its fur one more time. This will help you remove the dead fleas.
Put 2 cloves garlic through a garlic press and mix it with your dog's food. Grandma's Home Remedies recommends this because garlic excretes a smell through your dog's skin that repels fleas.
Wash your pet's bedding and use salt on the carpets. Salt will kill any fleas in the home as it pierces the exoskeleton of the flea and causes the flea to dehydrate and die. The salt can easily be vacuumed up.
Sprinkle diatomaceous earth outside to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 36.6639
Retrieved Text: Vets Best Flea Itch Relief Spray for Dogs 8 oz.
Vetericyn Hot Spot Spray - 8 oz.
Cool Skin Pain Relief for Dogs and Cats - 8 oz.
Sulfodene Skin Medication for Dogs 4 oz.
Dr. Naylor Blu Kote Antiseptic - 4 oz.
GregRobert Pet Supplies is proud to carry popular brands of Dog Anti Itch and Skin Care Products including Pet Relief, Cut-Heal, Dermasol, Sulfodene, Pet Aid, Dr. Golds, Anti-Lick Strip, Vets Best, Cort-Care and others.
There are more then 500 different things that can cause your dog to be itchy. If your dog is scratching all the time it is important to find out what is causing the itch. This can be quite difficult.
GregRobert Pet Supplies offers low prices on many brands of Dog Anti Itch and Skin Care Products including:, Calmcoat, Cut Heal Animal Care, Dr Naylor, Excel, Farnam, Four Paws, Homeopet, Kinetic Technologies, Kong, Nutri-vet, Pet Naturals Of Vermont, Sulfodene, Tomlyn, Tropiclean, Vetericyn, Vets Best, and other selections.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 36.46637
Retrieved Text: only herbal puppy easydefense squeezeon cat flea. Most effective natural puppy natural defense squeezeon cat flea manipulate remedy, at handiest herbal puppy keep, guard your puppy from fleas, ticks and mosquitoes the safe and.
natural pet care products the entire canine. Natural puppy care products. A message from dr jeannie it is due to a deep affection for my very own puppies that i have made it the aim at thewholedog to provide.
pet flea remedy natural techniques for a fleafree puppy. Know important puppy flea statistics to learn how to keep away from flea infestation, get rid of puppy itch, and enhance your pet’s ordinary health.
Yeast contamination in canine ear treatment video and. Causes and remedy for a yeast infection in a dog ear (otitis externa or media). Recommendation and cure for assisting your canine now.
canine yeast infection treatment home remedies for. Apple cider vinegar, apple cider vinegar and baking soda and apple cider vinegar and yogurt for candida treatment in puppies.
canine yeast infection remedy domestic remedies for pets. Apple cider vinegar, apple cider vinegar and baking soda and apple cider vinegar and yogurt for candida treatment in puppies.
Only natural pet brewer's yeast & garlic dog & cat. Only natural pet brewer's yeast & garlic dog cat supplement, at only natural pet store, excellent source of protein & b vitamins that help maintain healthy skin & coat.
herbal flea control eartheasy. Herbal, dependable flea and tick manipulate for your house, backyard, puppies and cats. Those risk-free, herbal flea control remedies are safer to your pets and own family.
Bloat

########
Rank: 7
Score: 35.993294
Retrieved Text: Flea bites are becoming a big-time problem for everyone, especially for the people living in the coastal regions. Like most of the insects, Fleas too are born in Cold temperature with high humidity. Mornings and Evenings are the time during which these fleas are highly active and the chance of getting bitten by them at that time is high.
Flea bites has taken its toll, not only on humans but on animals also. Pets are mostly targeted because their owners like to take them for long walks on beach. Dogs love it. Now days, these walks are becoming problematic as Sand fleas hatch on to Dogs, hide between their furs and then initiate their attack by sucking blood. At time, your pets carry these fleas inside your house which then poses a threat to you and your family.
rs. So when you are out on the beach, even it is for just a walk and if you hear such a thing then just walk away from there as fast as you can if you don’t want to get bitten. If you have a dog, then do give him a bath after a walk on the beach which will remove sand fleas if any has hatched on it.
Now we will show you how cats and dogs have been affected by these fleas and what a mess it is.
To start with, here are some pictures of dogs which have been treated for fleas Bites.
Following are some pictures of Cats which are infested by fleas due to which hair fall is

########
Rank: 8
Score: 35.37657
Retrieved Text: Fleas on dogs is a common problem. It is every dog lover’s worst nightmare, as it’s not just the dogs who are visibly annoyed by these parasites. Fleas can settle in all upholstery in your home. In order to effectively treat fleas on dogs, it is important to know what the behaviour and life cycle of fleas look like. With this knowledge, you will know why various treatment methods will or will not work and how to properly administer them.
Your dog has a visible itch and irritation that causes him to scratch and bite its fur.
The dog’s skin shows flea excrement in the shape of small black dots.
There are two types of fleas to be found on dogs; the dog flea and the cat flea. Though the name might suggest otherwise, it is the cat flea that is most commonly found on dogs. The difference between both types of flea is that the cat flea becomes resistant to chemical substances more quickly.
Both types of fleas have a life cycle of about six weeks. After a flea has fed itself on the blood of the dog, it will lay dozens of eggs. A part of these eggs will stay behind in the skin and a part will be left behind in places the dog visits, such as their basket or the carpet.
The eggs can hatch as quickly as two days later and the larvae grow into adult fleas within 2 to 3 weeks. Did you know that hatched larvae can survive up to a year and a

########
Rank: 9
Score: 35.041386
Retrieved Text: Does your dog scratch and scratch... and scratch? Does he chew at his skin and lick his feet all the time? Have you been told he has allergies and it feels like you're always visiting the vet because the damn skin never seems to stop bothering your dog! Are you going out of your mind with frustration and worry!!!?
The simple fact is that skin allergies affect your dog for life. You have to view the situation like you would any other chronic disease (in other words, it's not just a Christmas itch ). You have to aim for management of the condition and that means understanding it so that you can keep your dog's itching (and your frustration and worry levels) under control.
This week we'll give you some information about skin allergies in dogs, and next week we'll continue this topic by discussing the different ways they can be treated. There are three main types of allergies seen in dogs: flea allergy, food allergy and atopy (an allergy to inhaled substances).
Flea allergy is pretty self-explanatory and easily treated. It is, in fact, uncommon in the UAE - fleas don't pose a big problem to pets here in the Emirates because, in fact, they are seldom found in homes (thank goodness!).
Food allergies are allergies to one or more ingredients in your dog's diet and generally start in older dogs, although they can sometimes be seen in young animals too. Your dog may have been on the same diet for years but then suddenly develops a sensitivity to

########
Rank: 10
Score: 34.637238
Retrieved Text: Fleabites make most pets itch. But some dogs and cats are allergic to the pests. Your doctor may call this flea allergy dermatitis (FAD) or fleabite hypersensitivity. If your pet has a flea allergy, “even one or two fleabites can make your pet miserable,” says Carol Osborne, DVM, a veterinarian at Chagrin Falls Veterinary Center in Chagrin Falls, OH.
Plenty of things can help.
“Your pet may itch for up to 2 weeks after a bite, and the itching will be severe and even damaging to your pet’s skin,” Osborne says.
A rash on your pet’s skin or raw, irritated, or bleeding areas on your pet’s body. Dogs usually have it near their back legs, stomach, or tail area. Cats are more likely to have it near their neck and face.
This isn't a one-and-done kind of thing. It's a process.
Step 1: See your pet’s veterinarian. Don’t assume that because you can’t see any fleas, your dog or cat doesn’t have a flea allergy. Often, animals with one groom themselves constantly. They may remove any fleas from their bodies -- but the allergic reaction from bites can last for weeks.
A vet will check your pet’s fur and skin thoroughly. He’ll check for fleas and “flea dirt,” which is flea poop that looks like pepper flakes. It often turns red when it's wet. If the vet suspects another cause for your pet’s itching, she may order certain blood or skin tests to be sure. She'll also make sure that your dog or cat doesn’t have any open wounds.
“If a pet is

########
Rank: 11
Score: 34.20688
Retrieved Text: Free UK shipping and 14-day return policy on Felcana Go! Boom.
Excessive itching is a very common reason for pets to have to visit the vet, and can be caused by many things including bacteria, yeasts, fungi, parasites and allergies. Vets can prevent and cure infectious skin disease with the many drugs they prescribe but allergic skin disease poses a unique challenge. Allergic skin disease can be treated but cannot be cured. They are lifelong diseases which are unpleasant for the animal and require substantial commitment from the owner. Breeds like the Labrador Retriever and French Bulldog are predisposed to acquiring allergic skin disease. Being the two most popular breeds in the UK, allergic skin disease should be on everyone’s radar, as it is most likely that you will meet an unfortunate dog affected with this disease!
Atopic dermatitis in dogs happens when the animal’s immune system overreacts to non-harmful allergens. The immune cells produce substances that cause an intense itch, which can sometimes be seasonal if the allergen is plant related or can be caused by allergens in your dog’s diet. Most commonly, however, and what is frustrating for us pet owners and vets is that the cause is unidentified.
Therefore, management of this disease is aimed at controlling the symptoms without treating the underlying cause. Immunosuppressive drugs, such as prednisolone or ciclosporin, have been used by vets for a long time to control itching. These drugs, while effective, have certain undesirable side effects if used long-term. More recently developed drugs, such as oclacitinib, target the itch directly

########
Rank: 12
Score: 33.656796
Retrieved Text: Just like us humans, dogs can also suffer from allergies. Dog allergies are common, however, it can be difficult to know when they are suffering from allergies because the way we might react to a certain allergen is not necessarily the way our dogs will react. For example, if heavy pollen counts can make our eyes itch and could cause us to sneeze when it comes to our pets, it can make their feet itch or swell. So how can we know if our pets are suffering from allergies?
Since our pet dogs can’t tell us what’s bothering them, it’s up to us to look for signs and symptoms of allergies and find ways to treat them as well. If you’re worried that your pet dog might be suffering from allergies but you’re not sure about it, you no longer have to worry because we’re here to help by letting you know the signs to look for.
Before we go to the signs, let us know first the causes of allergies in dogs. Well, there are a number of reasons why dogs suffer from allergies and here are some of the most common allergens that they typically suffer from.
Flea Allergy Dermatitis: This is a relatively common dog allergen. This allergy is triggered not by flea bites but by the flea’s saliva. Dogs are sensitive to the flea’s saliva and this can cause an inflammatory response. In fact, even just one flea can make your dog suffer from itchiness for weeks.
Environmental Allergens: Like humans, dogs can also be sensitive

########
Rank: 13
Score: 33.4717
Retrieved Text: Along with being a nuisance due to scratching, biting and chewing, fleas can also present some serious health risks to you and your pets.
Flea allergies can occur in both pets and people. While most victims of flea bites itch for just a minute or two, people and pets with allergies may itch for a day or more from just a single bite. Treatment may require steroids, medicated shampoos and ointments to help soothe the allergic reaction.
Rodent fleas that take up housing on your dog or cat in the Southwest and southern Rocky Mountain areas of the U.S. may even carry the bubonic plague. With one bite, infected fleas can spread this disease to your pets and your family. Tapeworms can also be spread from pets to people, primarily children, who accidentally ingest an infected flea.
Two types of the bacteria Rickettsia that can cause typhus can be spread from infected cats to people by the bite of a disease carrying flea or contact with disease infected flea droppings. Cat scratch fever is a serious bacterial infection caused by Bartonella. Most human cases can be directly related to a scratch or bite from a cat carrying the infection. Fleas can spread the disease from cat to cat through bites and may also occasionally spread the infection directly to people via a flea bite.
With the risk of all of these potentially serious health problems relating to flea infestations, a year-round flea preventative like K9 Advantix is a wise choice. Consult with your veterinarian about flea treatment options and recommendations

########
Rank: 14
Score: 33.432617
Retrieved Text: "My dog won't stop scratching" is a typical lament around here in the fall. We see itchy dogs all year but it is more common now. Last week, I often had several appointments in a row for itching. It can be frustrating. The dog is usually uncomfortable. His people can't sleep with the collar jangling all night. Mange or infections may cause itching but allergic dermatitis, in its multiple forms, is the most common cause. Allergic dermatitis may be caused by food allergy, inhalant (atopic) dermatitis, contact dermatitis, bacterial (or Staph) hypersensitivity, or flea bite hypersensitivity. Or, put more succinctly, a dog’s skin may react to things they eat, anything they breathe in, anything they touch, their own bacteria, or bites from things that crawl on them, fleas being the most common.
It is commonly thought that food sensitivity is the biggest player in creating itchy skin. The true incidence of food allergy is 0.9% of cases. So, if we only approach the problem from a dietary perspective we are merely scratching the surface :). Food allergy is most often a non-seasonal problem. It is usually generalized over the majority of the body but doesn't really follow any specific pattern and can mimic other causes of itching.
Inhalant allergy, or atopic dermatitis, is an itchy skin reaction to things in the animal environment. These allergens were long thought to enter the body only through inhalation but we now know they can enter through the skin as well. When they enter through the skin, a breakdown of the normal

########
Rank: 15
Score: 33.348686
Retrieved Text: My 8 year old, male, german shepherd has been biting, itching and scratching his groin and paws incessantly for a few days and I noticed today while giving him a belly rub that he had a rash all over his belly that is VERY itchy.
His diet has not changed, he is not taking any meds and has not been around any other dogs or animals. We bathe him as needed (not usually more than once a month) with an oatmeal soap-free shampoo.
He has had a normal medical history with only a fatty tumor removal about two years ago. He has developed two sores that are scabbed over on the top of his left front paw. I haven't performed any interventions at this time as I didn't notice a rash and was planning on mentioning the itching at his annual vet visit in April.
Thank you for your help, please let me know if you need more information.
If your dog is licking and chewing the BOTTOM of his feet, and his groin area, creating the rash as you noted in your picture, I would suspect he has a 'contact' allergy.
This means that he is walking and/or laying on something that he is allergic to. Sometimes it can even be an allergy to the laundry detergent that you use to wash his bedding. Now that it is spring, it may be the new grass, ivy, or plants that are outside. Have you put in new carpet in the house?
If your dog is licking/chewing the TOP of his feet, especially

########
Rank: 16
Score: 33.11626
Retrieved Text: What did the one flea say to the other flea? Shall we walk or take the dog? Just like flea jokes aren’t particularly funny, neither is a flea infestation. So how do you make sure your home and your dogs are flea-free?
First things first, did you know that adult fleas spend most of their lives on an animal, but the eggs, larvae, and pupae are more often than not found in the animal’s environment, like its bedding, in your carpets, and on your furniture. Here’s the scary part – for every flea you see on your dog, there are hundreds of eggs and larvae in your house.
Once you realize your dog does indeed have fleas, you don’t have to move home or burn your house down. Instead, have a look at the 5 best flea powders for carpets that’ll kill off the infestation, and stop more in the future.
Adams Flea & Tick Carpet Powder is a popular choice when it comes to killing fleas. It contains a wide range of ingredients including pyrethrins, and piperonyl butoxide, which effectively breaks the life cycle and prevents further infestations for up to a year. It also has nylar, an insect growth regulator that targets the eggs. We like that the flea powder has a fresh citrus scent. We recommend that the powder is used with caution, and not used directly on your dogs.
For the best results, it’s important you follow the instructions carefully and use it in conjunction with separate treatment for your dog.
NaturVet No Flea Carpet Crystals are

########
Rank: 17
Score: 33.01926
Retrieved Text: Your dog or cat has been scratching lately. Something small and black jumps from the sofa onto your arm. Don’t freak out. Take control with these steps.
Is your pet on a flea control program? If he is, it must not be working. Ask your vet what she recommends. You want a product that treats fleas at every stage -- from egg to adult bug -- and that works well in your climate. Most flea treatments take only one dose a month to keep fleas from making you and your pets itch.
If your pet is already on a flea treatment product, ask your vet about switching to something else. And make sure you treat every pet in the house.
If you rarely vacuum, fleas should inspire a change of habit.
Regular vacuuming lowers the number of fleas and their eggs from carpeting, cracks in wood floors, and on curtains and upholstered furniture. It also catches them under furniture. Don’t forget to vacuum the areas where your pet sleeps and eats. Empty the vacuum cleaner bin or throw away bags in a garbage can outside right away so the fleas can’t sneak back in.
For the parts of your home where you and your pets hang out the most, like the living room, kitchen, and bedrooms, vacuum every day. For everywhere else, do it once a week.
If you have a serious flea invasion, have your carpets steam cleaned. The heat will kill the fleas, but it may not kill all the eggs. They may hatch later, and you may have to

########
Rank: 18
Score: 32.991997
Retrieved Text: How Bites Bed Do Bug Look?
Nov 23, 2018 … Bedbugs are active mainly at night and usually bite people while they … Bedbugs do not fly, but they can move quickly over floors, walls, and ceilings. … signs of bedbugs, call an exterminator, who will know what to look for.
It can be difficult to identify bed bug bites because the red itchy bumps caused by bed bug bites look like flea bites or mosquito bites. Bed bugs usually come out at night and feed on the blood of humans. The tiny nasty pests can leave a cluster of bite marks on your face, arms, stomach, and legs.
Read about the signs and symptoms of bed bugs how to tell if you have a bed bug … To the untrained eye, bed bug bites can be confused with those of other biting insects. … Look in and behind dressers, underneath the bed and if possible , behind the headboard. … What Bed Bug Rash Treatment do Doctors Recommend?
Bed Bug bites “good night, sleep tight, don’t let the bed bugs bite.” This horrific nighttime creature is a member of the Hemiptera order of insects that feast solely on blood.
Bed Bug Bites. The size of bed bug bites varies with a number of different factors. Bed bugs inject an anti-coagulant along with their saliva when they pierce the skin to take a blood meal. This anti-coagulant is mostly responsible for how a person reacts to the bite and determines the size of the bug’s bite.
Bites can be hard to identify,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 32.609097
Retrieved Text: Nutri-Vet Anti-Itch Spray for Dogs, 8 oz. at Tractor Supply Co.
Nutri-Vet Anti-Itch Spray for Dogs is veterinarian formulated specifically to provide gentle and immediate relief from minor skin pain and irritations caused by insect bites, abrasions, hot spots, cuts, and allergic dermatitis.
Chlorhexidine Digluconate (‹1%), Benzyl Alcohol, Isopropyl Alcohol, Aloe Vera Gel, Deionized Water U.S.P.
Nutri-Vet Anti-Itch Spray for Dogs, 8 oz. is rated 4.0 out of 5 by 1.
Rated 4 out of 5 by Milliep from So far so good I only had this a week I can notice the difference less stratching and my dog is a lot calmer . Would buy again.
Yes, it provides gentle and immediate relief from minor irritations such as insect or flea bites.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 32.489014
Retrieved Text: When you have a pet such as a Chihuahua in your home, fleas and flea bites on humans may be a problem that seems to appear out of nowhere.
Even though fleas do not typically enjoy living on humans, (our pets such as dogs and cats have fur that allows fleas better protection and warmth) if you are around infested animals, flea bites on people will happen.
Because the bites can result in inflammation and severe itching, flea bites on humans become pretty obvious right away. (The itching and most of the flea bite symptoms are due to the anticoagulant in the saliva of the flea.) There are a number of serious diseases that can be spread due to flea bites, so it is important to take steps towards treating these and ridding your home of fleas as soon as possible.
Most people who are bit by fleas suffer minor flea bite reactions. The most common symptom that people experience after being bitten by a flea is a red bump that can continue to itch for days. More severe reactions to flea bites on humans include hives, severe itching, a halo of red around the bite, and a rash.
Because our pets are much shorter than we are, most flea bites are typically around the waist, ankles, or lower leg area. If you see that your animal is constantly scratching more than usual, it may be a good indicator that it has a problem with fleas.
Some people assume that treatment is not necessary for a flea bite. This is not

########
Rank: 21
Score: 32.372154
Retrieved Text: In which Yaris continues to show that she’s a princess | Random moosages as I see fit.
I recently had Yaris tested to see if she has any allergies. She’s consistently had skin issues and we’ve never really been able to figure out what causes them.
I thought maybe it was her shampoo and I switched it. It seemed to help but didn’t get rid of the reactions.
I put her on flea medication and that helped a tremendous amount. She apparently is very allergic to fleas. I mean, everyone is to a point. Your immune system reacts to the flea saliva and the area of the bite will become inflamed and will itch a little. But with Yaris one flea bite might make her entire belly red and then she breaks out in hives. Ugh. What a princess.
But with this allergy test, which was a mail-in kit where you give the lab a sample of fur and saliva, I found a whole list of things that Yaris reacts to. Things like…chicken eggs. But not duck eggs. No, no. She needs the more expensive egg. She also reacts to tuna. Which makes her kind of sad. She really likes tuna. But salmon is really good for her. Salmon. Of course.
But the allergen that really stood out to me was…human dander. Yes. Yaris is allergic to HUMAN dander. She’s allergic to humans. I’ve never met another dog who is allergic to humans. But Yaris is. Because she’s a princess.
Incidentally, she isn’t allergic to moose. Maybe I’m in the clear.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 32.29977
Retrieved Text: Sick of fleas? So are we!
There’s only a few things in the dog world that are worse than a flea infestation. Just the thought of seeing your four-pawed pal distressed and scratching uncontrollably is enough to send any pup parent into a frenzy. If you’re currently that frenzied pup parent - keep reading to find out how to rid your pup of these pesky fleas!
So, what’s the need-to-know information on fleas? Well, dogs usually get infested with fleas through contact with other animals or through contact with fleas in the environment. Although fleas can’t fly, they have strong back legs, allowing them to jump from host to host or from the environment to a host. If bitten by a flea some reactions to look out for include hair loss from excessive itching; inflammation and secondary skin infections. Furthermore, some pets are hypersensitive to flea saliva causing them to frantically itch all over from just one bite.
Although fleas are often seen as a ‘summer’ problem, as pet owners we should never press pause on our flea control duties as the earlier on in flea season we start treating our pups, the better.
If it’s a bit too late for ‘pre-season’ prep and you’ve read what seems like a million articles on flea control and are feeling a little overwhelmed – don’t stress, we’ve got you! Fortunately, we have done the hard part and researched the best flea-fixes in an easy to follow step by step order.
Before beginning to de-flea your pet, you need to start with their belonging.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 32.19815
Retrieved Text: Over 80% of dog owners are guilty of dressing up their dogs in some form or another, even if it's only a coat to protect against the cold, and this is leading to a rise in skin diseases among dogs.
Skin diseases are the most common reason your dog will ever visit the vet; allergies, itching paws, dermatitis, fleas and mites, ear infections, and sore, bald patches.
All of these can be easily treated using a good shampoo, spray, cream or food supplement, but wouldn't it be great if by simply no longer putting a coat on your dog you could solve their itchy skin problem?
Most dogs don't need to wear a coat, not even when it's really cold out. Their thick coats often have a well insulating undercoat beneath the fur you can see which is well suited to keeping the cold at bay. And dogs can regulate their own body temperature too. So dressing your dog can lead them to simply overheat which can result in an itchy, scratching dog.
Did you know that wrapping up your dog can bring on a moult? Because your dog is getting warmer fur starts to shed to cool them down. So ditching the clothes and the coats can actually result in less fur deposited around your house too. It’s a win, win!
Dressing your dog in an ill fitting (and when it is not, really?) jumper or coat can mean lots of rubbing against the skin, especially around the tops of the legs and in the groin where cloth tends to

########
Rank: 24
Score: 32.18741
Retrieved Text: What are the pros and cons of a topical dog flea treatment?
This monthly medicine to control canine fleas is far more dangerous than you think.
Let me jump right in with the four deadly lies and then I'll explain why we should all come to the same conclusion.
Know your dog trusts you with his life. Now put it on following the directions by wearing gloves and not letting it touch your skin because yours will burn (while of course his will not). Now wrap the used container several times before you put in in the trash because it is toxic and dangerous to wildlife but not your dog because it says so...and if you don't use it all, read under Storage and Disposal it says, "If partly filled, call your local solid waste agency for disposal instructions."
Now, if he throws himself down and flips on his back trying to rub it off, don't let him! You can't let that toxic stuff get on the carpet! Besides, it can't burn him like it does you, he's just being a big whiny pants baby right?
Okay, now let it dry and soak into his skin, the largest organ in the body and know it will be totally harmless once it's absorbed into his body.
If he doesn't have an appetite for dinner; he absently scratches more than normal, vomits, acts lethargic and seems to have trouble breathing; relax. There are no side effects because it only kills the fleas.
If he gets a rash or any abnormal skin condition in the next

########
Rank: 25
Score: 32.121254
Retrieved Text: Fleas on your cat or dog are certainly bad for them. The itching and scratching can drive them and you mad. If the fleas multiply in your home and attack you, it becomes even more of an issue. Fleas can have negative health consequences, so you cannot afford to ignore them.
Most fleas that bite humans come from their pets, although some "human" fleas exist. If you notice small red bumps below the knees, particularly around the ankles, chances are that your dog or cat is infested and sharing the bounty with you. You will often see these bites in clusters. In most people, they will remain small, but in those with an allergy or sensitivity to flea saliva, the bumps may be large and angry looking.
Your pet can easily suffer from hair loss, tapeworms, and skin infections from flea bites. Young animals can become anemic if they have too many fleas on their small bodies. In some extreme cases, flea infestation can lead to an animal's death. If you have flea bites, you are also vulnerable to skin problems simply because scratching these bites can easily lead to infection. However, not scratching the bites is almost impossible without some medical help. Also, fleas can carry bubonic plague, a deadly disease that has still not been completely eradicated.
In most cases, your flea bites will go away by themselves. Until they calm down, you will need to apply some anti-itch lotion or take an antihistamine to make them bearable. If you notice signs of infection, you will need

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.90335
Retrieved Text: Can I catch fleas from my dog? We help you banish puppy fleas from your dog, your home, and your life. You�ll find all the information you need to know about puppy flea infestations . And how to get rid of them for good. In addition to being unpleasant for you and your dog, and let�s face it, a bit embarrassing, puppy fleas are trouble. They can cause unpleasant allergies that result in... 2/10/2018�� Once fleas are in your home, they can survive in the carpet and on your pets. To kill off the fleas, use an insecticide and vacuum the carpet and upholstered furniture. Also be sure to thoroughly wash your pets. If you take a rigorous approach to ridding your home of fleas, you can completely eradicate the problem within 1 or 2 weeks.
Although you can buy live or frozen sand fleas for your angling trips, it is as easy to catch your own sand fleas on the beach and use them as ??bait. Contrary to the common misconception, sand fleas do not have claws and will not bite .... If your cat has lots of fleas, then there can be a huge population of these nasty things on your cat, and in your litter. When your cat is biting, it can easily kill and swallow a flea. If a flea is ingested it can also cause tapeworms.
The first sign that your dog may have fleas is excessive scratching. Flea bites are very painful and itchy for both dogs and humans. This behavior will

########
Rank: 27
Score: 31.870417
Retrieved Text: Does your dog have allergies or any skin conditions? Look no further, we have exactly what you are looking for! Try any one of our specialty shampoos and leave your dog feeling relieved and smelling clean!
Oatmeal acts as a natural relief agent for dry, flaky skin. It also uses baking soda and aloe to clean, deodorize, and soothe minor skin irritations.
An environmentally safe shampoo regarded as a non-toxic, non-irritating, broad spectrum germicide and fungicide with exceptional microbial activity against bacteria. Recommended for treatment of flea bite dermatitis, insect bites, hot spots, razor burns, dry skin, and minor cuts and abrasions.
Optically intensifies the shine and depth of all coat colors, especially white. Blends plant-derived ingredients with the aid of chamomile that lightens, brightens, and removes dirt and odors.
A healthy aroma therapy blend of menthol and peppermint to open pores and reduce impurities. All spice and red poppy promote muscle, joint, and pain relief. Perfect for an elderly canine companion.
Uses 3% chlorohexidine as the active ingredient combined with aloe, sunflower oils, and gentle conditioners. Acts as an antiseptic disinfectanct with a wide range of antimicrobial activity against fungi and most bacteria.
Coconut conditioners help restore coat balance while adding body and luster. Safe water-based hydrosols (chamomile, rose oil, lavender, and geranium) meld together for natural flea fighting.
This Soothing All-in-One Shampoo is made with organic coconut, olive, and jojoba oils, organic aloe vera, natural oil blend including lemongrass and tea tree oils. Truly the best of nature for nature.
This Lemongrass and Neem Flea and Tick Shampoo is made with organic

########
Rank: 28
Score: 31.791203
Retrieved Text: Howlistic — Why Are Fleas So Maddening?
Why Are Fleas So Maddening?
First of all, fleas are physically formidable. They move very quickly, and can jump four feet horizontally and nearly a foot straight up. Their flat bodies make them hard to squish. They’re adaptable, quickly becoming immune to a wide array of chemical flea treatments such as spot-on treatments and pills.
They’re abundant! Each female can lay thousands of eggs during its lifetime. In ideal conditions it can take only two weeks to develop from an egg to an adult.
Their bite can result in a severe allergic reaction. When a flea bites, it injects an anti-clotting agent in order to keep the host’s blood flowing during mealtime. It’s this anti-clotting agent that, at a minimum, results in bump. In a very sensitive dog, cat, or human the immune system launches a full-blown attack.
In San Diego, flea season is year-round. You can’t afford to ease up the flea control for even a few weeks.
Feed a quality diet -- build defenses from the inside out. Parasites look for a weak host. A healthy dog or cat is more able to fight off bugs of all sizes. Feed the highest quality food that you can afford. Avoid food and treats that contain corn, soy, wheat, artificial ingredients, chemical preservatives, and by-products. Identifiable meat, fish, and egg proteins should be the primary ingredient in your pet’s diet. To improve digestion, increase nutrient absorption, and improve immunity include a high quality probiotic and digestive enzymes such as Animal Essentials Plant Enzyme and Probiotics

########
Rank: 29
Score: 31.78488
Retrieved Text: The summer is marching on and alas, so are the fleas! Auckland has a terrible time with fleas all year round but the warm summer months are certainly the worst. Fleas are not just a nuisance, our dogs need to be flea free, not only to relieve the itching and scratching but also to prevent health risks such as secondary skin infections, tapeworm infestations and anaemia.
There are several ways to tackle fleas and there are advantages and disadvantages to most of them. Interestingly, a flea control method that suits one dog, may not be as effective or as well tolerated on another, so it is a case of working through various options until you find the regime that works for you.
Pesticides - By far the most common method of flea control is the regular use of licensed flea control products from vet clinics. These include the topical ‘spot’ dose products, as well as pills. There are now pills available that provide 3 months’ worth of protection in one dose. The advantage of using these products is the speed and reliability they offer, as well as the reassurance that the products have had to pass rigorous testing in order to be licensed. Most dogs tolerate these products but you must be careful to get the correct dosage for your pet’s weight and follow the instructions when using them.
For owners who wish to avoid using pesticides on their dogs, there are other methods to consider.
Mechanical - An interesting mechanical means of battling fleas is Diatomaceous earth. Sold as

================



======= Instance Index 35 =========
Input Text: A fox was thirsty searching for water during the drought, where was he?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- painting
- hen house
- california
- virginia
- movie hall

Target Text: california

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 34.07018
Retrieved Text: ← Tell us what you think! Ask a tree question!
Trees need extra water to stay healthy when rain is insufficient. TreeStewards recommend watering your trees deeply and regularly during summer or during extended periods of drought.
Channel 9 News video features TreeStewards President, Nora Palmatier, as she spreads the word about thirsty trees.
This entry was posted in Education, Tree Care and tagged drought, water, watering. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 32.75171
Retrieved Text: "If nobody does something, these animals will die. Instead of them dying, let me try my best."
This is Patrick Mwalua, a 41-year-old pea farmer who is currently volunteering in Kenya’s Tsavo West National Park.
The Kenyan government declared a national emergency last month following an ongoing drought that has ravaged large parts of the country. It is among five countries in East Africa experiencing the worst drought in 60 years. Mwalua said he was horrified by how animals have been affected, too.
Mwalua decided to start trucking tanks of water to fill up dried waterholes in the park. He and a handful of volunteers make the grueling 44-mile round-trip to deliver 3,000 liters of fresh water up to three times a day.
In rural Kenya, the drought has doubled the number of people facing severe food shortage to 2.7 million.
In semi-dry regions, the drought means cattle farmers are losing their livestock. As both humans and animals have to travel further to find water, competition for scarce resources has increased.
Thirsty elephants have rampaged through villages looking for water, sometimes with deadly results.
In recent months, scenes of bone-dry earth have confronted Mwalua each time he went to the park. "The buffaloes were so weak. The zebras, they were restless, and the elephants were looking for water everywhere. I was like, oh my god, something must be done."
"Seven years ago we lost a lot of animals because of drought and nobody did anything. Last year again there was a very big drought and we lost animals again,” Mwalua told BuzzFeed News.
The International

########
Rank: 2
Score: 32.70359
Retrieved Text: I just spent five fabulous days at my Ramrod Ranch, setting up my photo blinds for bird photography, adding new perches, and preparing backgrounds by clearing grass around the ponds.
Because of my serious back injury, there was a period of 767 days from early 2015 through early 2017 that I was unable to go to my sacred place. During this visit, I reconnect to this place again, emotionally and spiritually. These five days I soaked in all the bird life. I took moonlight walks each evening, hearing a Great Horned Owl hooting its deep voice on a nearby hill. Each day I was surprised by a special and rare bird species. First, it was a Yellow Warbler, then, a Nashville Warbler—my first real photographs of this bird. The next day a Sharp-shinned hawk came by the cabin pond searching for its next meal.
The third and four days a Pacific-sloped Flycatcher made an appearance. I love Flycatchers; they are very shy but I got some very good images with good backgrounds of this wary bird. It seemed to favor the five o’clock hour to make an evening show.
However, it was the fifth day and my last morning where up by the water tank and the large main pond that I was graced with a special visit by a Gray Fox. They are so beautiful. It was thirsty and ran around the pond just feet away from me. For once I was prepared by having my 100 – 400 mm lens ready so I could zoom back and

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.129692
Retrieved Text: It had been almost ten hours and the crow Kancharam had been flying without any halt. He had been to the state of Gujarat in western India to attend the wedding of his childhood friend Bholuram. He had travelled all the way from his place to attend the wedding.
The wedding was full of fun, frolic and celebration. Once it was over, he wished his friend all the best for his life and started his journey back home. It was an extremely hot summer and his house was very far. He lived in Jaipur, Rajasthan.
Kancharam was exhausted with the long flight and was also very thirsty. He was frantically looking for water but could not find a drop anywhere.
He remembered that there was a severe drought in the Saurashtra district of Gujarat.
He had heard people complaining while he was flying over the district. Humans and animals were dying due to lack of water. People had complained that it was one of the worst droughts in 100 years. Many people left and went to different places in search of water.
Suddenly, he spotted a yellow pitcher from high up in the air. He was overjoyed and flew down to quench his thirst. However, he was highly disappointed. When he looked into the pitcher he saw that there was very little water at the bottom of the pitcher. The neck of the pitcher was very narrow and his beak was very short.
He tried his best but could not manage to drink even a drop of water. Exhausted due to the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 30.067135
Retrieved Text: It was heating up in the San Joaquin Valley this week. Joe Del Bosque, a farmer who had to make some hard decisions this year, was driving toward an asparagus field he's about to plow under. The windshield of his white Yukon was splattered with dead bugs. He didn't seem to notice.
As he drove, he told me a story that has become all too familiar in the last few months.
His sister was at a dinner party in the Bay Area, he said. An engineer sitting next to her asked where she was from. When she told him she grew up on the west side of the San Joaquin Valley, he said, "Oh, every time I drive by it makes my blood boil to see all those almonds growing there."
"This is an educated guy. A smart farmer is going to pick the crops the market wants. And every time someone buys food in the store, they're telling us what we should be planting."
What consumers are saying is: almonds. Plant almonds.
This does not sit well with urbanites, who have suddenly become self-appointed water experts.
In the last week, a drunk man at a Culver City karaoke bar and a perfectly sober therapist in Venice both railed at me about "selfish" almond growers who have no business planting such a thirsty crop in a drought. I shared the stories with Del Bosque, who has devoted about a third of his 2,000 acres to almonds.
Abruptly, he pulled off the road and parked next to an almond orchard.
"You know what? I want

########
Rank: 5
Score: 29.747818
Retrieved Text: Thirsty in Suburbia | Someone’s getting fired for this.
A real good ol’ boy would impress his buddies by shooting beer cans off fence posts. Who couldn’t hit this target? From WYFF4.com, some idiot started the New Year with a bang.
MAIDEN, N.C. — January 1, 2008 — In the midst of an extreme drought, a North Carolina town has lost hundreds of thousands of gallons of water that leaked from bullet holes discovered in the town’s water tower.
Catawba County Sheriff’s Deputy Major Coy Reid said that the tower appears to have been shot three times with a high-powered rifle. Investigators think the shooting happened sometime Monday morning.
Residents told investigators that they had heard the gunshots, but because no one called deputies, the damage was not discovered until hours later.
City officials said that the tower can’t be fixed until most of the water is drained because the repairs will have to be done from inside the holding tank.
Fixing the damage is expected to cost between $15,000 and $20,000 — but that doesn’t include the value of the water lost during the Southeast’s worst drought in more than a century.
Thanks, Flickr-er dwhokins1970 for this shot before the shooting of the Maiden water tower.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 29.621235
Retrieved Text: Chinatown was produced by Paramount Pictures and directed by Roman Polanski. This film was released on June 20, 1974 and features actors that are still well-known in the 21st century including: Jack Nicholson, Faye Dunaway, and John Hillerman. Overall, this film portrays the expansion of Los Angeles in 1937 and the conflict that arose from bringing water to a desert region. In this essay, I will give a brief overview of the main plot and characters in this film. In addition, I will connect Chinatown to historical events and I will analyze the main theme of this movie: water and power. To conclude, I will address Roman Polanski’s main objectives in creating this film.
This film is set in the context of the California Water Wars that occurred in the 1930’s. William Mulholland is portrayed as Hollis Mulwray who was a civil engineer of the Los Angeles Water Department between 1878 and 1929. Fred Eaton, who is depicted as Noah Cross in this film, is an influential individual that assisted Mulholland in supplying Los Angeles with water. During this time, individuals such as Eaton, bought large amounts of land in Owens Valley under fake names in order to limit the attention given to Owens Valley real estate. When individuals bought land in Inyo County it was anticipated that this land would create a large source of revenue when the Long Valley dam was constructed. When the Long Valley dam was determine not to be feasible, Mulholland searched for land to build a dam in Santa Clara. Since

########
Rank: 7
Score: 29.558718
Retrieved Text: Drought-stricken Los Angeles County fired silver iodide into clouds during this winter's El Niño as part of a process designed to elicit up to 15% more rainfall. This form of weather-manipulation is called cloud-seeding.
Drought-stricken Los Angeles County is "seeding" its clouds in hopes of "growing" more rain, the Los Angeles Times reports.
"Generators shoot silver iodide into the clouds, creating ice particles. Water vapor freezes onto those particles, which fall as rain.
California is in the midst of an underwhelming El Niño, a weather pattern that had been expected to drop large amounts of rain on the extremely thirsty state. L.A. County Department of Public Works officials elected to restart their cloud-seeding program for the first time since 2002, and will likely continue to seed clouds through the remainder of the humble "wet" season.
Cloud-seeding occurs in regions around the world and was reportedly utilized to create clear skies to Beijing for the 2008 Olympics.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 29.248533
Retrieved Text: I looked out the window at the oaks coming into bloom and the green meadows beyond. He was correct in assuming that if California was having a drought Yosemite would be affected. But most people forget that Yosemite encompasses a great land area, and elevations that range from 2,500 foot foothills to mountain peaks of 13,000 feet. Within its boundaries, each area has a different network of lakes and rivers and a precipitation pattern common to that elevation and terrain. Some areas of the park were severely affected by the dry weather and others very little.
The effects of the past year and a half of drought were reflected in the snow surveys. Each winter, the snow depth and the water content are recorded at eleven snow courses in Yosemite. The Gin Flat snow course, located on Highway 120 just northeast of Crane Flat, is typical of the results gathered at other locations.
In the winter of 1976-77 at Gin Flat, there was 17% of the average snowfall. This lack of precipitation for the second successive winter necessitated that a Drought Action Plan be formulated. The Drought Plan set up guidelines for what should be done to preserve the natural objects within the park and to provide domestic water. The three phases of this plan required increasingly stringent steps to be taken to conserve water. The Yosemite Park and Curry Company, the main concessioner, also set up water conservation guidelines for its facilities and employees. The park visitor was asked to minimize water use. As the months passed

########
Rank: 9
Score: 29.078886
Retrieved Text: In the holy season of Lent, the Church sets out once again on the path leading to Easter. With Jesus as her guide, and walking in his footsteps, she invites us to cross the desert.
The history of salvation has given the desert a profound religious meaning. Under the leadership of Moses and later, enlightened by other Prophets, the Chosen People were able, amid privations and sufferings, to experience God’s faithful presence and his mercy. They fed upon the bread which came down from heaven and quenched their thirst with the water which sprang from the rock. The People of God grew in faith and in hope for the coming of the Messiah who would redeem them.
It was also in the desert that John the Baptist preached, and the crowds came to him in order to receive in the waters of the Jordan the baptism of repentance. The desert was the place for a conversion aimed at welcoming the One who comes to triumph over the sorrow and death which are the wages of sin. Jesus, the Messiah of the poor whom he fills with good things (cf. Lk 1:53), began his mission by becoming like those who are hungry and thirsty in the desert.
Dear brothers and sisters, I invite you during this Lent to meditate upon the word of life which Christ left to his Church in order to enlighten the journey of each of her members. Recognize the voice of Jesus who speaks to you, especially during this Lenten season, in the Gospel, in the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 28.96159
Retrieved Text: It comes like a summer drought, draining life and cracking open what once was whole. It dehydrates the broken, drying up hope.
Cotton-mouth despair blows fragmented heart pieces like tumbleweed across the prairie. The earth groans under weighty grief. Can anyone refresh the broken?
The Spirit covers like a long-awaited dew, drenching the parched heart. Meditate on Him, His Word, on what He has done. Ponder the work of His hands. God is our hope. He is our future. He is our peace.
Flee toward true refuge. To the God of creation. The God of salvation. Your God. His good Spirit leads, so lift up your soul. Nothing is too difficult. He satisfies the thirsty. Draw water from His well of salvation.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.795818
Retrieved Text: Has anyone ever dealt with excessive thirst issues. During the day I'm fine I don't really feel too thirsty but will still try to drink at least a liter or so of water but during the night I constantly wake up feeling parched and like sh*t. I have a bottle by my bed at night and usually drink about a liter during the night but still wake up with the driest mouth.
I seem to be totally fine during the day while at work. Then when i get home i can easily drink about a litre of water before dinner then I'm not hungry... been happening daily for the last 2 or 3 weeks. Currently 31 weeks.
Maybe try a humidifier? I was having the same from the heating drying out the air in the room.
I would try to drink 2 litres during the day. While you might not feel thirsty 1 litre during the day isn't really enough especially while pregnant. I think if you were drinking more during the day and aren't dehydrated you may not be as thirsty over night.
Yes this me also, last time my thirst when up another notch when breastfeeding, it was insane.
Me too. At night I go through 2 or 3 bottles of water and still so thirsty. I remember with my first I was counting down till it would end, then I started breastfeeding and I don’t think I’ve ever drank so much water in my life.
I was really thirsty overnight but to the point where I was drinking more

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.698746
Retrieved Text: SACRAMENTO—The Public Relations Society of America (PRSA), California Capital Chapter has honored the Regional Water Authority (RWA) with two awards for its public outreach and social media programs. PRSA is the nation’s largest professional organization serving the communications community.
Seven “Mulch Mayhem” events during which water providers offered free mulch to help residents conserve water and beautify their landscapes.
“Rethink Your Yard” program to promote replacing thirsty lawn with low-water use landscaping, which included a regional billboard campaign and contest showcasing residents who distinctively embraced a water-wise lifestyle (such as an 88-year old retired teacher who removed 10,000 square feet of lawn himself using a pitchfork and replaced it with a low-water use landscape).
“Dirtiest Car” contest to promote the water-saving benefits of commercial car washes, which was supported by nine events in partnership with local carwashes.
“Tree Hugger” event to promote water-wise tree care, which invited people to have their photo taken at a popular local event while hugging an eight-foot tall theatrical tree and learning about proper tree care.
RWA’s 2015 “Drought Face” campaign received a Merit Award in the Social Media Campaign category. The campaign and contest invited residents to show off their Drought Face by putting down their razor and growing or creating a beard, and then posting a photo of their stubble to an online entry page. Residents could also enter by sharing stories on the sweepstakes page about the small actions they were taking to save water—like turning off the sprinklers for the winter or the faucet when brushing teeth. The winners (with their Drought

########
Rank: 13
Score: 28.674154
Retrieved Text: Did you know that, unlike most of us, mountains can shed so much weight under certain conditions that they actually become taller? NASA found this out after California suffered serious drought from 2012 to 2015. When its Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena analyzed a network of 1,300 GPS stations along the Sierra Nevada — looking for earthquake warning signs — they made a surprising discovery: The drought might have shriveled plants, but it made the mountains even higher. Like a ship after heavy cargo is unloaded, the Sierra Nevada, minus its usual rain and snowfall, rose by almost an inch during the four-year period. About 11.9 trillion gallons of water — a lot of water — had gone missing. “It appears that mountains hold much more water than previously thought and can lose that water relatively quickly during major droughts,” writes Trevor Nace in Forbes. But just like yo-yo dieters, mountains swiftly regain that lost water weight once abundant rain and snowfall return. During the wet years of 2016-2017, NASA found, the water-fat Sierras fell by almost an inch. Unfortunately for thirsty Californians, though, the water collected in multiple layers beneath the mountains — an amount 45 times the annual water usage of Los Angeles — is going to stay there, unused, as there’s no way we can access it.
A skier on Aspen Mountain had a bad day in December when a money belt containing $10,000 in cash slipped off his waist and fell onto the snow beneath the Ajax Express Lift, reports the Glenwood Springs

########
Rank: 14
Score: 28.332588
Retrieved Text: It began as a phone call to say, Hello. Pastor Evans said that the people in the bush are suffering during a deadly drought that could be counted in months. As I meditated on the problem of fresh water I asked pastor Evans how other areas were coping with the drought. What I was told was very disappointing. Pastor told of a man who owned a donkey, wagon, and six large barrels. he would travel for miles gathering water in the barrels and return to the village. Well, I felt that this was a blessing from God. I told pastor to ask the man if he would bring water to the villages in the bush and we would pay for his service. several days later I received a phone call from pastor. Well, it seems that the donkey man was traveling very, very far everyday to bring much needed water to the villages in the bush. However, there was a catch to his generosity. Yes, he brought water to the villagers but we discovered that he charged a price. All of the villagers have next to nothing. And the rest have even less.
Later I prayed two prayers. The first, I prayed for forgiveness; I must admit, I had angry feelings toward the donkey man. Second, I prayed for wisdom, That God would give me Wisdom to help the people during the drought. God gave me an idea. I called Pastor Evans and asked is there a way to do as donkey man, only we will get

########
Rank: 15
Score: 28.219666
Retrieved Text: If you drive east on Katella Avenue toward Orange Park Acres and the canyons beyond, you come to large dip in the road where it crosses the recharge basin for Santiago Creek. I’ve always assumed that scoop in the road to be a sort of flood control precaution—you know, should the creek swell and overwhelm the surrounding cavity.
As if. The water level in the basin has been so low for so long that the thought of flooding would be laughable if the situation weren’t so sad. Because of that near-empty hollow, I have come to dread that eastbound drive toward my home. It has become an almost-daily reminder of the prolonged drought which prompted California Governor Jerry Brown to declare a State of Emergency in January. How bad is it? They say that this drought (four years old and counting) is the worst in over 100 years. Snow packs are disappearing. Lakes and reservoirs are shrinking. Farms are lying fallow. The drought even has its own website. And its own logo.
And now that the governor has imposed restrictions on how often and how long we can run our sprinklers, my lawn, along with countless others, has begun what promises to be a slow, brown death.
I suppose it’s only fair. They say that not watering my lawn is the single best way for me to contribute to the conservation effort; so OK, I’ll do my part. But as I look out on the thirsty landscape and ponder the seeming impossibility of reversing years of irresponsible environmental practices

########
Rank: 16
Score: 28.177107
Retrieved Text: Peter Moyle was filled with trepidation as he set out in the Sierra Nevada foothills late last summer. The University of California, Davis fish biologist was on the hunt for the Red Hills roach, an endangered minnow that lives only in a single small stream near the western border of Yosemite National Park. Entire stretches of Horton Creek had been bone-dry for months, and Moyle worried that the species might have gone extinct. rnHe’s got every reason to believe conditions are likely to be worse this year.. Springs are recharged by surface water, and that’s in especially short supply, as California enters its fourth year of drought.
Peter Moyle was filled with trepidation as he set out in the Sierra Nevada foothills late last summer.
The University of California, Davis fish biologist was on the hunt for the Red Hills roach, an endangered minnow that lives only in a single small stream near the western border of Yosemite National Park.
Entire stretches of Horton Creek had been bone-dry for months, and Moyle worried that the species might have gone extinct.
He was surprised and relieved to find a nearly 800-foot-long stretch of creek burbling with water and a thousand lucky minnows.
He’s got every reason to believe so. Springs are recharged by surface water, and that’s in especially short supply, as California enters its fourth year of drought. As of April 1, the state’s snowpack is a scary-low 5 percent of normal, and only the highest of the normally white-capped peaks of the Sierra Nevada have even a dusting. In “normal”

########
Rank: 17
Score: 28.063053
Retrieved Text: Like much of U.S. agriculture, the majority of cannabis in the country is produced in California. However, the state’s ongoing drought has forced some to take a hard look at the thirsty crops grown there. While “thirsty crops” may garner thoughts of grapes and almonds, cannabis, too, is quite water-intensive. Plus, now that cannabis cultivation is slowly but surely entering the public eye, there are those who are beginning to look at the overall sustainability and environmental effects of the plant.
In June of 2015, BioScience published a research paper on the sustainability of cannabis. Naturally, one of the areas of analysis was water consumption. They found that an estimated 22 liters of water or more are consumed per plant per day during the June-to-October growing season. Applying this number to documented planting densities for greenhouses and outdoor grows, they found that water rates would be approximately three billion liters per square-kilometer in greenhouses and 430 million liters per square-kilometer outdoors.
“For comparison,” the study explains, “wine grapes on the California north coast are estimated to use a mean of 271 million liters of water per square-kilometer of vines per growing season … Marijuana is therefore estimated to be almost two times more ‘thirsty’ than wine grapes, the other major irrigated crop in the region.” This is especially concerning, considering the fact that some estimate 60 to 70 percent of marijuana in the U.S. is grown in California.
However, for optimal water efficiency, it’s important to look at the whole system. In some ways, a growing operation is only

########
Rank: 18
Score: 28.042086
Retrieved Text: Jesus is bigger than religion and rules. He’s what you’ve been searching for to quench your thirst.
Water. Our world could not exist without it. It covers our planet and fills our bodies. It keeps us alive.
Jesus knew how important water was. Maybe that’s why He called himself the Living Water. He was making a claim and an offer too good to ignore.
H2O is about the Living Water that Jesus said He offered. If you’re thirsty, you owe it to yourself to consider what He said…and who He is.
Bible study doesn’t have to be boring. Watch a high-quality, cinematic short film with compelling teaching and get to know about Jesus.
Each episode reveals purifying subjects that help distill religion into true faith. Faith is what is lasting and eternal, and only faith in Jesus can quench our thirst.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 28.040998
Retrieved Text: Using drought tolerant indigenous shrubs such as Tecoma capensis (Cape Honey suckle), easy going blue or white Plumbago or the beautiful indigenous sages such as Salvia chamelaeagnea really saves one on watering and irrigation.
Initially, they need additional watering because of the limited root system of container-grown plants, but a bit of nursing soon sees them attaining their full drought tolerance. 3 – 6 months is usually enough time for shrubs to settle into the soil. My indigenous shrubs have survived the worst ever drought in my area with aplomb.
In our water poor country, and given the cost of municipal water, it makes both environmental and economic sense to limit the plants that need a lot of additional watering to specific areas of the garden. Roses, for instance are very thirsty, but if you have a few rose bushes close to the house you can even water them with bucketfuls of recycled water during water shortages.
It’s not only the tough succulent shrubs like the jade bush (Crassula ovata) and the Elephant’s food (Portulacaria afra) that are drought tolerant, but they should not be forgotten when planning drought resistant gardens. Did you know that the Elephant’s food plant also makes a great hedge that looks neat and lush with no maintenance other than a light clipping to shape from time to time?
Shrubs are a permanent and important element in the framework of your garden. Ground covers and perennials will be replaced from time to time, but shrubs will form a permanent backdrop and will help you to screen

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.663078
Retrieved Text: Spend some time searching coverage of California’s drought and you find a repetitive march of facts that are not sourced and angles pushed by special interest groups.
For instance: Take the oft-quoted statistic that it takes 1 gallon of water to produce one almond. Most coverage states this as a fact. Where does it come from? Look around and you find a February 2014 Mother Jones graphic titled “How thirsty is your food?” that is intended to show water used to grow food, whether a head of broccoli (5.4 gallons) or one walnut (4.9 gallons) or the oft-mentioned almond (1.1 gallon). What most reports skip over is that Mother Jones discloses the figures “indicate how much water it takes to bring each crop to maturity in the U.S., if using only irrigated water.” The figures are from a study from 1996 to 2005 by two researchers in the Netherlands.
Is it relevant to today’s debate about the future of farming in California? Is it even accurate any more, given money invested by some growers to conserve water? It seems, at a minimum, in need of deeper reporting and the disclosure that water experts don’t use this measurement, they look at water used per acre of crop. (Yes, I know, not nearly as fun a number).
Bee journalists have many additional questions we’ll be working to answer this year. I suspect it will be California’s media, not those serving an audience with a more fleeting interest, who cover the drought most thoroughly. Who fact-check those spinning the story to serve

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.463139
Retrieved Text: The vast majority of Brown's plan focused on urban water use — such as lawns, golf courses, parks and public medians — which makes up less than 25% of Californians' overall water use.
"The government's response to this growing crisis has been behind the curve," said Jonas Minton, water policy advisor for the Planning and Conservation League and a former state water official. He argued that state officials should clamp down on groundwater pumping and plantings of thirsty new crops.
Growers who get supplies from the State Water Project will receive only 20% of requested deliveries this year. Farmers left more than 400,000 acres unplanted last year, dealing a $2-billion blow to the state's agricultural economy.
"I think much of California is all of a sudden waking up to the fact that the drought is not theoretical. It's going to manifest itself in ordinary Californians' lives for the first time.
"Well, our farmers have been feeling it for a while," said Chris Scheuring, a water attorney for the California Farm Bureau Federation.
Brown's seven-page executive order, issued Wednesday, outlined the first statewide mandatory water use restrictions in California's history.
Among them: He ordered a 25% reduction in urban use statewide compared to 2013 levels. The directive also bans the use of drinking water to irrigate median strips in public roads, initiates the removal of 1,150 football fields worth of grass to be replaced with drought-tolerant plants; and orders golf courses, campuses and cemeteries to significantly cut their water consumption.
Agricultural mandates were fewer and milder. Irrigation districts were directed to develop drought management

########
Rank: 22
Score: 27.366737
Retrieved Text: South Africans last week gathered to pray for rain from heaven.
On the back of a prayer meeting that drew 1.7 million Christians to intercede for their nation last April, a similar event was held in Cape Town.
Led by farmer/evangelist Angus Buchan, It’s Time again petitioned God – not only for physical rain to end a crippling three-year drought, but for a Holy Spirit outpouring to end a famine of God’s Word in the land.
It is well to remember that this pledge was originally addressed to, and still specifically applies to, the nation of Israel. And it’s no secret that the Jewish state has been transformed from a barren wilderness to a fertile garden since its re-birth 70 years ago. And, yes, the promise for Israel can indeed be appropriated for Gentile nations who honour the God of Israel along with his special people, the Jews.
But pleas for rain from heaven will otherwise go unheeded as such blessing is dependent upon our first blessing his people (Genesis 12.3, Numbers 24.9). However, it will not come if we belatedly accept Israeli offers of help with water technology; it’s the ultimate water supplier we need to call upon in prayer and repentance.
The above scripture (Isaiah 44.3), promising heavenly outpouring on a thirsty land, once provided the inspiration to pray for revival in the Hebrides for two elderly ladies, http://www.sapphirethroneministries.com">who just happen to be grant-aunts of U.S. President Donald Trump. And I believe this has a direct bearing on the way the President has led the way in honouring Israel

########
Rank: 23
Score: 27.294683
Retrieved Text: OGDEN, Utah -- Ron Gibson looks out over the farmland his family has been working for 150 years now.
"There’s nothing grown without water," he said in an interview with FOX 13 on Friday. "Doesn’t matter how much dirt you have if you don’t have water to go with it, you’re in trouble."
Water issues are becoming increasingly more critical in Utah, where the state is seeing unprecedented growth. As a result, bills are being filed in the Utah State Legislature dealing with conservation and control of the precious resource.
Sen. Jani Iwamoto, D-Salt Lake City, is proposing to allow "water banking." Right now, farmers and ranchers with water rights must "use it or lose it," wasting a lot of water for crops that don't necessarily need so much, she said.
The concept of a "water bank" would allow that water to be temporarily transferred to someone else.
"They can put it into the bank, they get paid for it and someone can use it, beneficial use for them," she said.
Gibson, who is also the president of the Utah Farm Bureau, said 80 percent of the water in Utah is controlled by agricultural producers. He said while the Utah Farm Bureau is supportive of the concept, there are some concerns about how it would ultimately work. He wanted to ensure that farmers did not give up their water rights just because one year is more lean than another.
"We’re going to be watching this water banking bill really close. It’s really important to us the beneficial use stays with the owner of

########
Rank: 24
Score: 27.253431
Retrieved Text: SPARKS — Water users in Eureka County’s Diamond Valley are going to soon be testing a market for trading water in the same way shares of companies are traded on a stock exchange.
The goal is to try out a more flexible way for managing and using water that avoids some of the pitfalls of Nevada’s century old prior-appropriation water rights system, especially in areas such as Diamond Valley, where water is both seriously over pumped and over appropriated.
The share-based market and other ideas to deal with the state’s ongoing drought were discussed here Wednesday at a crowded meeting of the Nevada Drought Forum.
The forum was created in April by Gov. Brian Sandoval to investigate ways to address Nevada’s water scarcity and to deliver a report by November.
In July, the forum heard from Nevada’s businesses, including casinos, residential developers and manufacturing. At Wednesday’s meeting, representatives from agriculture, conservation groups, several tribes, and water utilities and authorities discussed their concerns about the drought and made recommendations for improving the state’s response.
Michael Young, a water economist from Australia, where water shares are now traded, made the day’s final presentation, and gave a quick overview of how the market works.
Essentially, he said, water rights are unbundled, held in central registers, and share holders have water accounts much like a bank account. Senior water rights holders receive more shares than junior rights holders and each share is equal. Water management plans for each basin or area are developed to determine how much water is allocated on a seasonal basis.
In July, Jason

########
Rank: 25
Score: 27.218843
Retrieved Text: s many parts of the country are experiencing droughts or water shortages, park landscapers are searching for new ideas on how to create attractive recreation areas while minimizing irrigation needs.
"Drought is a serious issue, and not going away any time soon," said Dominick Casey, superintendent of parks for the city of Henderson, Nev. "When it comes to a choice between drinking water and water for plants, I don't think it's a very tough choice."
Henderson and much of Nevada have been under drought conditions for the past five years, and as Lake Mead continues to drop, the situation continues to worsen.
"We're using less turf now and more xeriscaping," Casey explained. Xeriscaping is landscaping that requires little to no irrigation and is becoming more popular in areas where the lack of water is an issue. This type of landscaping makes use of native plants and landscaping schemes that minimize water runoff.
In conjunction with the drought, Henderson's park acreage nearly tripled since 2005. "We went from 691 acres to 1,100 acres," Casey said.
Turf is now used in Henderson only where it's functional, where people have picnics or passive play, and obviously for park athletic fields. In places like along parking lots or on streetscapes where it is just aesthetics, turf has gone away. A committee was put together to investigate every park area to judge the turf's functionality.
"If you could even lay a blanket down, it was considered functional," Casey said. "But if the only time someone stepped a foot on it was to maintain it, then it was

########
Rank: 26
Score: 27.218153
Retrieved Text: While it wasn't a surprise, Governor Jerry Brown made California's drought official on Friday.
Federal climatologists affirmed that 2013 was the state's driest calendar year on record, with about one-third the normal amount of precipitation. Currently the Sierra Nevada snowpack is just 15 percent of normal for this time of year.
But drought is nothing new around here. The 1987-92 drought lasted six years, when statewide reservoir storage hovered around 60 percent. The record for worst drought is still held by 1976-77, when low rainfall sent the state scrambling. Runoff was just 20 percent of normal in 1977. Officials now say we're on track to beat that low-water mark.
In 1976, an emergency 24-inch water pipe was laid across the Richmond-San Rafael Bridge next to the traffic lanes. Water reserves at the Marin Municipal Water District were critically low and the pipeline supplied the area with half of what it needed during the drought. Residents were ordered to cut their water use by 57 percent.
City officials in Ventura considered using a tugboat to haul an iceberg from the polar seas and park it offshore to supply freshwater. The strategy was part of a $175,000 study approved by the city council in 1990, as the drought dragged on.
During several past droughts, Los Angeles banned serving water in restaurants unless customers specifically asked for it.
The city of Santa Barbara instituted a 14-month ban on watering lawns during the late 1980s drought. Landscape companies began offering to paint dead lawns green. Billionaire Harold Simmons kept watering his 23-acre estate despite the restrictions

########
Rank: 27
Score: 27.101822
Retrieved Text: Southern Californians live in a semi-arid region that must import about half the water we need, using 20% of the state’s electricity to bring water to our City. Conservation is an importantand easy endeavor we must all participate in to secure water for our future. Let us help you conserve water both indoors and outdoors with our variety of incentives and programs.
Click here to see where our water comes from.
Click here to see what rebates are available to help you save water.
I. Save water and energy by replacing older, every-day items such as clothes washers and sprinkler nozzles, and make it affordable using our rebates. Applications are only accepted online at SoCal Water$mart.
II. A lot of water used in a home goes towards keeping a landscape green and lush. Replace your water-thirsty grass with a beautiful drought tolerant garden with the Long Beach Water Department’s award-winning Lawn-to-Garden Program and you could receive up to a $3,750 rebate.
With a drought tolerant landscape, you can save four times the amount of water needed for a grass lawn.
II. Help prevent water waste. Let us know when you see it occur.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 27.028421
Retrieved Text: Knowing when to water your lawn and when to let it get thirsty can be tricky. We wanted to pass along some helpful lawn watering tips so you know when to water your lawn and how much to water, along with some sprinkler tips so you can prevent water waste and improve the overall health of your lawn.
Too much water is not a good thing. Leaving your sprinkler on all night leaves your lawn open to disease, mold and mildew problems.
And not enough water is also problematic. Forgetting to water at all leaves your lawn susceptible to drought conditions that cause stress and damage the plants. Dry soil encourages weed growth - for instance crabgrass thrives in hot dry conditions.
It’s OK to let your lawn get a little thirsty. Frequent shallow waterings prevent your lawn from growing deep healthy roots. Let the lawn roots dig for the water a little. Lawns with deep root systems are hardier in drought periods and more resistant to disease, pests, and weeds.
It’s usually unnecessary to water in early spring, unless you’re trying to get grass seed growing. Try setting up a water gauge to measure how much water you’ve received. If only the very top layer of soil is dry, you can hold off on watering for a day or two in hot weather.
Encourage your lawn to send out deep roots, that’s how you get a thick weed-resistant lawn. However, in the dog-days of summer your lawn will need more water than what rain provides. Walk across the grass and

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.969172
Retrieved Text: The plight of drought-hit farmers in Australia has prompted an outpouring of sympathy across a country that has long mythologised the inhospitable "bush" and its inhabitants. But it has also raised questions about subsidising those eking a living in agriculturally marginal areas, writes Kathy Marks in Sydney.
Mellissa Conomos runs beef cattle on a 300-acre property in Gunnedah, in north-western New South Wales. This year, her dams are dry and her paddocks are bare. "They're living on dirt," she says.
"Even the weeds are gone. You've got sheep walking away from newborn lambs because they know they've got no chance of raising them."
Gunnedah has been hard hit by the prolonged dry weather crippling eastern Australia, which is being compared to the "Millennium Drought" that scorched the country during the 2000s.
Ms Conomos is hand-feeding her animals expensive trucked-in hay. She has had to sell half her black Angus herd, along with 30 sheep.
"Some people are feeding orange peel to their cattle, that's how desperate it's getting."
With little or no rain in recent months, the whole of NSW has been declared in drought, together with 60% of Queensland.
Images of caked paddocks and starving animals have horrified Australians, and the new Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, has named drought relief as the nation's "most urgent and pressing need right now".
In recent weeks, the federal government has announced extra household assistance for farmers, bringing the total aid bill to A$1.8bn (£1bn; $1.3bn) - although this includes some low-interest loans.
What has caused the drought?
The poet Dorothea Mackellar called Australia "a sunburnt country, a land

================



======= Instance Index 36 =========
Input Text: A friend is greeting me, what would they say?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- say hello
- greet
- associate
- socialize
- smile

Target Text: say hello

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 27.397102
Retrieved Text: Yes, an Indonesian friend told me this is an Arabic greeting for Muslims. Christians for example, use shalom. A few Muslim groups forbid this greeting for use by other religions.
Still, it's good to know it. But, maybe it shouldn't be in the basics.
Yeah, my family over there aren't Muslim and they never use the Arabic greetings.
Agreed, my friend was confused when I used this to greet her.
Shalom for Christians!? Is it not an Hebrew greetings!?
They should change the tooltip of "Greetings" to "Greetings (muslim/islamic)"
2010 census shows 87,18% of the Indonesian population of 237.6 million people are Moslem, 6,96% Protestant, 2,9% Catholic, 1,69% Hindu, 0,72% Buddhist, 0,05% Confucian, 0,13% other religions, and 0,38% did not answer.
It would be better if alternatives are given for correct answers. There are different ways to say "Greetings" in different environments in Indonesia.
Indonesians say "salam" to mean "greeting" or "regard" as in please send my regards, or to mean shake hands. I think that word is from Arabic. The word salam has been used for a very long time.
Assalamualaikum sounds similar to "shalom alaichem" in Hebrew, "peace be upon you".
In my place, people usually just say Selamat pagi/siang/sore/malam, or halo (hello). It is unusual for people to say "Greetings!", maybe only when you are giving a speech.
This is NOT Indonesian... this is Arabic. Please keep religious-specific language out of the Indonesian language course. It is offensive to non Mulsim peoples in the country (of which there are MANY millions) who do not use Arabic greetings. I suggest using "Selamat + time of

########
Rank: 1
Score: 26.039896
Retrieved Text: Browse pictures of Sign Dreamers’ yard greetings and get ideas for your perfect celebration.
Learn how easy it is to start your own Sign Dreamers’ branded yard greeting business.
Sign Dreamers’ yard greetings turn first world moments into third world dreams come true.
Sign Dreamers is the world’s first yard greeting company with a global purpose. A percentage of every sign we sell helps provide education to the hearing impaired in third world countries who would otherwise be isolated from society. When you choose Sign Dreamers, you bring joy to those you love, and to those around the world who need it most. Click here to learn more about our mission.
I was hosting a baby shower for a very good friend of mine when someone suggested I use Sign Dreamers for a yard greeting. Wow! Am I glad I listened to my friend. The yard sign was a huge hit and added so much fun, excitement, and conversation to the shower. It made me feel great to see how pleased my friend was with her baby shower!
Sign Dreamers was so easy and friendly to work with and they made my daughter’s birthday amazing! She was so excited when she woke up and saw her Happy Birthday yard greeting it was just wonderful. The best phrase I can think of is “pure joy”. I’m also thrilled to be supporting a truly responsible company that is helping kids around the world. Thank you Sign Dreamers!
Start creating your Sign Dreamer story today by booking a yard greeting now or starting your own

########
Rank: 2
Score: 25.71868
Retrieved Text: Best Love Fall Time Greeting Cards and E-Cards . . . . . . . . . . . Just Saying Hello . . . Take It Easy Today . . . . Send The Best Love Fall Time Greeting Cards you like to a friend or Loved One . . . . It's Free!
Best Love Fall Time Greeting Cards and E-Cards . . . . . . . . . . . What Is Up . . . Have A good Day Off . . . . Send The Best Love Fall Time Greeting Cards you like to a friend or Loved One . . . . It's Free!
Best Love Fall Time Greeting Cards and E-Cards . . . . . . . . . . . Just Writing . . . We All deserve A Break . . . . Send The Best Love Fall Time Greeting Cards you like to a friend or Loved One . . . . It's Free!
Best Love Fall Time Greeting Cards and E-Cards . . . . . . . . . . . What Is Going On . . . To Celebrate This Fall . . . . Send The Best Love Fall Time Greeting Cards you like to a friend or Loved One . . . . It's Free!
Best Love Fall Time Greeting Cards and E-Cards . . . . . . . . . . . An Excuse . . . Just Wanted To Say Hello On This Fall Day . . . . Send

########
Rank: 3
Score: 25.675442
Retrieved Text: No, I won’t say ‘Merry Christmas’.
This is what it looks like when I’ve had enough.
I am tired of the hatred and intolerance perpetrated by certain members of the Christian community about the widespread prevalence of people saying ‘Happy Holidays’ instead of ‘Merry Christmas’.
Last year there was a long-winded status floating around Facebook that pretty much blamed the immigrant communities for the rise of ‘Happy Holidays’ as a greeting. Immigrants, claimed the status, were ‘offended’ by the greeting ‘Merry Christmas’ and had lodged formal complaints with their various government representatives around the world. The government representatives, on the other hand, who clearly have nothing to do but amend the way the general public greet each other, apparently passed a law stating that ‘Happy Holidays’ was the only acceptable form of greeting, so as to ensure immigrant votes.
WHAT? I’m sorry, but if you believe that you really need help. Lots of help. Just sit quietly until the men in white coats come to take you away.
First of all, Christians, you’re not the only ones to lay claim to festivities and celebrations at this time of the year. Let’s just get that cleared up. The Winter Solstice celebrations _alone_ are varied and celebrated in different fashions around the world.
Secondly, I got told yesterday that if someone greets me, I should say ‘Merry Christmas’ no matter what the greeting is. Uhm. What? I’m not going to say ‘Merry Christmas’ irrespective of what someone’s faith is, what they celebrate, and what they said in greeting me. Let me explain. If someone

########
Rank: 4
Score: 24.822645
Retrieved Text: For questions about formulas and forms of address used when meeting someone.
I don't know how to say that as a native?
Does the phrase “good day” (greeting) is a natural for native English speakers?
We wanted to “personally” let you know - is it correct?
Sometimes I need to ask for helps from other colleagues that I never know before, so I usually say hello and introduce myself, and then can I say "Nice to meet you on Skype"? Appreciate your answers.
Is it idiomatic to say “Your XYZ Team” in English?
Greeting inquiry: have you been, Jack?
Is or can be Have you been, Jack? short for How have you been, Jack?
“For” vs “in”: which will be correct to use?
Context: Good luck "in" your future endeavors. Good luck "for" your future endeavors. So which is right grammatically? They are both on the internet. I am confused!!!!
Is it grammatically correct to say: How is going everything? And does it convey same meaning as "How is going your life?"
My recruiter started his email with phrase : I hope you're doing well. Is it correct to reply : Thanks, I am doing well and I hope you're doing well too.
Is “Dear” appropriate for any letter or card in UK English?
What should we say to a friend who has not seen each other for long time?
What should we say to a friend who has not seen each other for long time? is long time no see an appropriate greeting? What is native speakers' greeting in this circumstances?
Why is it Merry Christmas instead of Happy Christmas?
I've

########
Rank: 5
Score: 24.59072
Retrieved Text: My boyfriend’s best friend is really clingy and really insane. What do I do about this?
Is it weird for your best friend to say this?
I fell in love with my college friend.Now when i told her she said, she dont want to talk about that. Help me.?
How do I find a person with whom I have to find out there?he is a person who is a friend of a friend of my fri?
Do European men look feminine?
Should i send her greeting on Christmas?
How do I add friends on tumblr?
I lost my best friend...?
Why am I the only one listening? One sided?:(?
What does "my monita" mean?
How to I get her parent to trust me?
how come my friend is excited about her mother going to jail?
I feel like I don't have a purpose in my life anymore?
I'm in an awkward situation and don't know what to do..help?
Should I try talking to him?
I think my sister hates me?!?
what gift should i give to my best friend?
Do guys ever regret a breakup?
what is the silly thing done in your life friends?
I liked this girl for a long time but she never liked me back?
Do European men look feminine? My boyfriend’s best friend is really clingy and really insane. What do I do about this? I fell in love with my college friend.Now when i told her she said, she dont want to talk about that. Help me.? How do I find a person with whom I have to find out there?he is a person who is a friend of a

########
Rank: 6
Score: 24.556913
Retrieved Text: True Hope and a Future: HOW ARE YOU, REALLY?
Because, you see, I was having one of those days.
One of those days when nothing seemed to be going right.
One of those days when I had more things to do than I had time to do them.
One of those days when I felt over-worked and under-appreciated.
One of those days when I what I had to do was not the thing I wanted to do.
One of those days when I realized I could devote every waking moment to one particular task for the rest of my life, and it would still never be enough.
One of those days when I was fighting to keep my equilibrium.
I was spent; it took every morsel of energy I could scrape up just to hold it together and carry on.
It was just at that precarious moment that I was asked, "How are you?"
My tears made it obvious that, even if I could have uttered the perfunctory reply, the truth was I wasn't fine.
Even on good days, one of my pet peeves is when "How are you?" is used as a greeting. Have you ever stopped to think that, as is implied by the question mark, it is a question? Shouldn't asking a question require us to stop to hear the answer?
I don't think anyone means any harm when they use, "How are you?" as a greeting, have you ever considered that not everyone you greet is fine? That you may be speaking to someone who could desperately use a listening ear? Someone whose spirit

########
Rank: 7
Score: 24.342993
Retrieved Text: In Hungarian there are two basic ways of addressing people: a formal and an informal way. You use the formal way with strangers; colleagues can also address each other in this way (the informal way is becoming more common though). You use the informal greeting form with friends; besides, young people use this among themselves regardless whether they know each other or not. Adults also use the informal way when they address children or adolescents.
You use different greeting forms for saying hello and saying goodbye. You say hello in three different ways depending on the time of the day.
I wish you good morning!
I wish you good evening!
Note: People more often say goodbye in Hungary than in the U.S. When you leave a store or an office, it is expected to say goodbye.
When you address somebody informally, you can use the same form to say hello and say goodbye. With the word “heló” you can actually say hello and also goodbye! What makes a difference though is whether you address one or two people; you use a different form if you say hello/goodbye to more than person.
Note: "Szervusz" is slightly more formal than the other two.
Note: Once again, the informal greeting forms above can be used both when saying hello and saying goodbye.
Say the greeting forms appropriate to the situation.
At 11 a.m. you meet a shop assistant. Check your answer here.
At 9 a.m. you meet to a waiter. Check your answer here.
At 3 p.m. you meet the kid of your friend. Check your answer here.
At 4 p.m.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 24.291176
Retrieved Text: Best Love Address Change Greeting Cards and E-Cards . . . . . . . . . . . Moved . . . Keep In Touch . . . . Send The Best Love Address Change Greeting Cards you like to a friend or Loved One . . . . It's Free!
Best Love Address Change Greeting Cards and E-Cards . . . . . . . . . . . Guess What . . . Come By Anytime . . . . Send The Best Love Address Change Greeting Cards you like to a friend or Loved One . . . . It's Free!
Best Love Address Change Greeting Cards and E-Cards . . . . . . . . . . . No Longer Reside There . . . The Place Is Great . . . . Send The Best Love Address Change Greeting Cards you like to a friend or Loved One . . . . It's Free!
Best Love Address Change Greeting Cards and E-Cards . . . . . . . . . . . My Address Has Changed . . . Please Write . . . . Send The Best Love Address Change Greeting Cards you like to a friend or Loved One . . . . It's Free!
Best Love Address Change Greeting Cards and E-Cards . . . . . . . . . . . Our Address Has Changed . . . Moved Into A great Place . . . . Send The Best Love Address Change Greeting Cards you like

########
Rank: 9
Score: 24.177443
Retrieved Text: I’m going to make an effort to smile and say “hello” to people I encounter. What a friendlier, happier community we’d be if we all did that! But first we need to make eye contact, which isn’t always easy.
I hear that studies of behaviour have established we humans have a “need to belong”. But it’s a well-known social rule in busy towns and cities: you do not make eye contact with a stranger in the street or on public transport. Perhaps a friendly greeting – even so much as making eye contact – is mistrusted and seen as a threat in the urban environment. I bet many clever people have analysed this and written lots of words on the subject.
People in busy towns and cities keep their heads down, and the predilection for using phones and tablets at all times gives them an excuse. They’d rather talk to people miles away than say hello to someone in front of them.
I live in Goldsworth Park, a “garden estate” in Woking, Surrey. It’s a relatively small community – more like a village. Wherever you happen to live yourself – whether you know lots of your neighbours or hardly any – when you walk to local shops or other facilities you are more likely to encounter people you know, or recognise people you often see, than in the town.
It may be difficult to start with, but please join me in trying this: try to make eye contact, smile and say hello to people you pass, even if you don’t

########
Rank: 10
Score: 24.033104
Retrieved Text: Dear friend i wish you today endless blessings endless gift with. Birthday cards for sister.
Cards are shipped the next business day.
Birthday card little sister. Disappointed with my version of this card. Be more than that person who just writes the standard greeting. Personalize any greeting.
Figuring out what to write in a birthday card can be hard. When i saw the card it i noticed immediately that two letters in happy birthday on the front of the card had not been cut. Personalize your free greeting cards.
Send free happy birthday wishes greeting card and ecards through email whatsapp and facebook. We are in a hurry. Send a happy birthday card right to their inbox and attach a gift card to.
These messages and sayings will inspire you to write something meaningful for friends or family. Choose something from our proposal. Queen elsa kristoff and.
A great collection of birthday wishes so youll know exactly what to say. Let them know how much you care with our selection of animated and funny birthday ecards. Find the perfect greeting card to say happy birthday to a special sister.
Its the best way to find the perfect birthday. With more than 200 birthday wishes for your sister you are sure to find the perfect way to say happy birthday sister. The webs largest collection of free greeting cards including free birthday ecards animated e cards and free holiday ecards.
Do not know what birthday wishes to bring to a loved one or a friend. Free shipping on qualifying offers.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 23.925608
Retrieved Text: Its Fathers Day, Valentines or your friends birthday. Whatever the occasion is sending them greeting cards is one way of letting them know that you remember them. But aside from being used for personal purposes, greeting cards can also be used in business as a marketing strategy.
Being a good boss and business owner does not merely mean providing good compensation to your employees, being in good relationship with your customers and getting a lot of profits. It also means being able to get in touch with them during simple occasions. So lets say its the birthday of one of your employees or a customers wedding day, sending them greeting cards is one way of letting them know that they are important and that their loyalty and support are always remembered.
Here are a few things to consider when making your own greeting cards. First, as much as possible handwrite your message and sign your name under it. This way the recipient would feel more valued and appreciated. Second, send the card when the customer least expect like. Sending it during widely celebrated occasions such as Christmas can make the recipient to overlook it. Instead, send it during their birthday or when you heard that their daughter or son got married. Avoid also including your logo in the greeting card to make it look less like a promotional material. Keep in mind that a greeting card is a personal note to the recipient so as much as possible you would want it to have a personal touch.
If you

########
Rank: 12
Score: 23.854544
Retrieved Text: I would like to know what does it mean when you call somebody " καλέ "?
In modern everyday usage I'd say καλέ is like English "mate" or Scots "pal" or US "buddy", a familiar and usually friendly greeting to someone whose name you maybe don't know but are treating on an equal informal basis.
καλέ is the vocative case of the masculine adjective καλός (L16), so it is used when directly addressing someone (a male).
καλέ μου φίλε = my dear friend!
καλέ μου κύριε = my good man!
It's very informal. The women use it when they are together even if it is in male gender. They can say it to men too like just a simple word that goes with the rest sentence or like an exclamation.
For example "Kale! I forgot Maria's birthday!" or "Where are you going kale?"... Also, when someone tells you something not real "What are you saying kale?"

########
Rank: 13
Score: 23.833912
Retrieved Text: Unique Birthday Gifts For Her - What About The SURPRISE ME Birthday gift?
Is It Hard To Find Unique Birthday Gifts For Her?
the SURPRISE ME birthday gift!
Finding unique birthday gifts for her shouldn’t be a chore but rather a fun and exciting activity you look forward to each year. You want to wish a happy birthday in an extraordinary way but have run out of ideas or can’t think of any ideas that seem appropriately exceptional.
What about a “surprise me” birthday gift?
A “surprise me” birthday gift is an unusual birthday present intended for those women who dislike surprise birthday parties because of the noise, chaos and amount of people gathered in one place. However, when everybody wants to wish the birthday girl a happy birthday, how do you do this without planning a party?
With a “surprise me” gift, of course!
As far as unique birthday gifts for her go, this one will definitely make an indelible impression on the honoree.
Begin planning the “surprise me” gala by having people celebrate the birthday girl one at a time, rather than all at once. The idea is to include personal birthday greetings and messages from the most important people in her life. Try to include some people she doesn't get to see on every day basis. If you were planning her a surprise party who would you invite?
For example – have her Mom and dad knock on her door carrying a birthday cake. Later, say 30 minutes to an hour, the honoree's best friend calls her cell phone to wish a

########
Rank: 14
Score: 23.804768
Retrieved Text: YOU: I thought I'd come back by, see if you needed anymore help?
Kerryk: I was hoping you would come back.
Kerryk: You see, I need some help.
Kerryk: A few of my records have been damaged; it seems the parchment I was using that week was very delicious to a strange blue mold.
Kerryk: I have recovered what I could of the sheets, but there are a few things yet missing.
Kerryk: It is this information that I could use your help retrieving.
Kerryk: There is a good bit of tria in it for you, are you interested?
YOU: Sure, I'd love to help you.
Kerryk: Three things, some fairly straightforward research.
Kerryk: What I need first is for you to tell me where Yliakum got its name.
Kerryk: Once you have done that, I need to know the word that gobbles use for greeting.
Kerryk: Lastly, I need to know the Octarchal punishment for theft.
Kerryk: All of this can be found in Jayose's Library, I am fairly certain.
Kerryk: Oh, while you are there, please return this volume to Jayose for me.
Kerryk: Please take care of the book, get a receipt for it, and take care with your studies.
Kerryk: It is important that knowledge be kept from corruption and errors.
Kerryk: Good travelling to you, Gemma.
YOU: I am returning this book to you, on behalf of Kerryk Corr.
Jayose: Ah, it has returned safely to me.
YOU: May I please have a receipt?
Kerryk: So you found the library, I hope that you have also found my answers.
Kerryk: Tell me about the naming of Yliakum: where did that word come

########
Rank: 15
Score: 23.571836
Retrieved Text: My birthday is coming and my parents decided to throw a party for me, I want to invite my friends to my birthday party which would be held at a bowling alley.
Purpose: Inviting a friend for a birthday party.
Context: Greeting, venue, date and time, activities, what food would be provided.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 23.270493
Retrieved Text: There are many options for printing great-looking birthday party invitations, but the most economical way is to print on a premium 16-point gloss paper. You'll also want to stick with a standard size such as 5-inch by 7-inch to keep your birthday party invitation printing costs cheap; however, when it comes to colors you can go with full color since this option really costs little more than black and white yet has much more bang for the buck. Beyond those options, you would be wise to get matching envelopes (also cheap) and have a hardcopy proof sent to your doorstep before you actually print the entire run. The last thing you want is for a mistake to go unnoticed until your invitations are printed, when it will be too late or too costly to make changes. A hardcopy proof does cost a few dollars, but it's cheap insurance that the rest of the run will go off without a hitch. Pass your proof around to friends, family members and co-workers so you can get more than just one set of eyes looking it over for errors.
We'll leave the design work to you, but it's worth mentioning that you can download free birthday party invitation templates complete with safe area lines, bleed lines, cutlines, and pre-formatted in the proper sizes, resolution and color mode to take all the guesswork out of file setup (which vastly reduces the risk of costly press errors). Birthday party invitations are incredibly cheap to print when you know where to go, what

########
Rank: 17
Score: 23.106722
Retrieved Text: If you are traveling to Japan, knowing how to bow and greet in Japan can be helpful. Bowing (ojigi) is an important custom in Japan. People commonly greet each other by bowing instead of handshaking, and people generally have a small conversation after or before they bow.
This custom is used constantly in Japan.
This custom is used constantly in Japan. You may even see people bowing while on the phone. Keep in mind that men and women bow differently—men usually keep their hands at their sides, while women put their hands together on their thighs with their fingers touching.
15 degree bow. This is the most informal bow. It is used for casual greetings, such as if you are rushing to work and see someone you know, or if you run into a friend on the streets. (Remember, no matter how informal it may be, it is incredibly impolite not to return a bow if someone bows to you).
30 degree bow. The most common type of bow is done to a 30-degree angle to greet customers or to thank someone. It’s often seen in Japanese business situations, and is not used for formal events. It equates to welcoming a customer to your shop or inviting a friend to come into your home.
45 degree bow. This is the most formal type of bow. It signifies deep gratitude, a respectful greeting, a formal apology, asking for favors, and so on.
A conversation/greeting will generally start will “konnichiwa” or “hello.” In the evening, you would say, “konbanwa” meaning “Good evening,” and in

########
Rank: 18
Score: 23.096842
Retrieved Text: I don’t know about you, but I have a love/hate relationship with greeting cards. On one hand, I absolutely love getting them and picking them out for others. On the other hand I hate paying full price for them and I hate the clutter they create. Read on to learn about our fun family tradition that saves us money on greeting cards and eliminates the clutter they create.
It’s hard to admit it, but I still have a box of greeting cards from childhood that I need to purge again. This is not an easy task for a sentimental person.
I feel wasteful throwing greeting cards away after they have served their purpose.
My husband doesn’t really care about his cards at all.
I hate wasting even $1.00 of money on stuff I know will most likely go in the trash. It’s like throwing money away.
Greeting cards have gotten super expensive and even the .99 cent ones add up after you buy 5 or 10 of them. Even if you only bought 2 cards a month at the dollar store that’s still $24.00!
So you might be wondering what we do instead of buying greeting cards at my house.
I realized that if I got rid of cards in our house that I would need to find an alternative way for us to recognize each other on holidays and special days. One day the answer to our problem was literally staring me in the face. I had recently purchase a journal to use up a store credit and there it sat completely

########
Rank: 19
Score: 22.972876
Retrieved Text: Christmas is the celebration of family, contemplative gathering and gifts. During these holidays we also think of our friends and acquaintances and would like to give them a little pleasure. A nice Christmas card with a personal greeting is best suited for this.
The choice of a Christmas greeting is sometimes not so easy. Are you also looking for a suitable greeting for a friend, a relative or for family members and do you have some thoughts because you already have a certain idea of the greeting? That must be interesting and funny. He should make the other person laugh and stay in his memory for a long time. But so far you haven't had any success in your search for a funny Christmas greeting, because you find most Christmas greetings anything but imaginative and not funny at all? Do you really want a funny Christmas greeting? Then take a look at our funny Christmas greetings and choose the most suitable one. With our funny Christmas slogans you are guaranteed to put a smile on the lips of all recipients. Have fun reading and sending!
Santa Claus is missing badly.
I guess someone else has to do it.
Oh, Santa, what a hug!
The grin came up like in a flash.
I was almost there and fell on my chin.
well, have a nice Christmas Eve!
Rudolph has a red nose. He's got mulled wine on his bladder.
He flies from house to house drumming and sends my Christmas greetings to you.
If you show me your Christmas tree balls, I'll show you my gingerbread man.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 22.97071
Retrieved Text: This is a picture of paradise. Literally! Highlighted on the card are the opening lines to Kingdom Song #139: "See Yourself When All Is New." What a beautiful paradise card to encourage someone, share your hope, express appreciate to your friends or to simply frame to decorate the house and keep these precious hope ever to the fore! This encouraging card features a lovely message: "Sometimes you just have to bow your head, say a prayer, and weather the storm." All of this is highlighted by the encouraging words of Psalm 57:1 on the inside. A cute little bear sleeps in a patch of flowers alongside the words of Psalms 37:11. What a beautiful paradise card to encourage someone, express appreciate to your friends or to simply frame to decorate the house and keep these precious hope ever to the fore!
A chair sits invitingly in this peacefully scene fitting of Psalms 37:11: "The meek will possess the Earth and they will find exquisite delight in the abundance of peace." The blue skies, bumblebee and happy sunflower that decorate this cheery greeting card are sure to brighten anyone's day! This encouraging, wonderful note features the reassuring text from Numbers 6:25. This card features a beautiful and encouraging scripture from Psalm 34:18. Send this heartfelt sympathy card to a friend going through tough times. Show your support and remind them that 'Jehovah is close to the brokenhearted.' A pretty purple background and lovely tulip make it even more cheerful.
This cheerful card reminds us that the future is bright

########
Rank: 21
Score: 22.848333
Retrieved Text: Archies Online presents you the exclusive collection of New Year greeting cards which will be the perfect gift combo items along with rest of the New Year gifts.
This new year, celebrate it in style – present Archies New Year greeting cards to your family and friends and wish them good luck.
Archies Online offers a range of gifting options from which you can choose the best gift for any occasion and make your celebrations truly special.
New Year greeting cards from Archies Online are unique and classy and they feature quotes that everybody can relate to and feel special on occasions like New Year. Therefore, if till now you were not sure what surprise can you send to your loved ones on New Year, then these greeting cards from Archies Online are the perfect option to choose and make the New Year celebrations different and special. We’re sure that your friend or family you will send this greeting card to will be mesmerized and cherish it more than anything. Moreover, along with the message on these greeting cards, add a special message from your side to make the greeting card as personalised as possible. Say goodbye to 2018 in the most precious way with your friends and family and welcome 2019 with all the warm hearts and hug with Archies Online greeting cards. Order now!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 22.844212
Retrieved Text: She complimented my bracelet as she handed me change. “Where did you get it?” her inquisitive face. A “thank you” and “a friend gave this to me”. Met with “I wish I had a friend like that”, she said only half-jokingly. I continued on my way to eat; on her way to take care of more strangers in need. A friendly greeting, a warm smile; continually she would go the extra mile.
And then the Universal nudge, a written note a must. Pen to paper, appreciation expressed and a message “keep being as you are. People are lucky to have their paths cross with you as they come and go from afar”. Signed “a friend” given to her as I went in my way. I don’t know the full impact but I anticipate it made both of our days.
A kindred soul in the sharing of curly hair that relishes humidity Her natural joy the early morning greeting An energy that didn’t have room for wasting any moments not living every day; infectious her joking and bubbly traits.
Anorher note, appreciation and “keep bring you”. Signed a kindred curly-haired spirit grateful for what you do. I can still hear her echoes in my mind and stamped within my soul. Her surprise and gratefulnss as she exclaimed loudly “oh my goodness, a passenger just gave me a note”.
The impact immediately felt, that joy of receiving when the heart whispers “that felt good” with no other expectations from it. Well, maybe that isn’t entirely true; maybe I do hope for more

########
Rank: 23
Score: 22.760717
Retrieved Text: It's funny how you can meet someone and barely know them, yet you feel as if you have been friends for a lifetime. That was how if felt when I met my best friend the first year of high school.
She was in my group for orientation and we immediately hit it off. We listened to the same music, liked the same clothes, and even shared a love of Edward from Twilight. We sat together at lunch and talked on the phone for at least an hour every day. People even said we looked alike!
After being absent from school for a week because of the flu I was excited to get back to school and see my best friend – but something had changed. When we met in our first class together, my excited greeting was shrugged off and ignored.
That day at lunch my best friend was nowhere to be seen. The next few days, things got weirder and weirder. Phone calls and texts went ignored and Facebook posts deleted. I had felt that I was shut out of my best friend's life for no apparent reason.
The following weeks were harder. She had a new best friend, while I was alone thanks to the supposed rumors she had spread about me. I felt like I just wanted to lock myself in my room and cry. Every once in a while my best friend would reemerge to say hi but then would relapse into silence.
I began to feel more frustrated. Little things that were normally insignificant, like my

########
Rank: 24
Score: 22.589182
Retrieved Text: I had a great call from my friend Carolyn today. Her earrings arrived safe and sound and she wanted to let me know and say thank you. Such a lovely surprise. Great to hear your voice. Thanks so much for calling. Most of all ... have FUN wearing them.
I haven't posted Carolyn's winnings prior to this, because I didn't want to spoil the surprise ... so here they are now.
Had a play date with my friend Pat today. Pat wants to begin making greeting cards. She created a gorgeous one today.
I am putting what is written below as food for thought today, for all of us. All of us who struggle to 'believe in ourselves', all of us who struggle to 'honour our work', all of us who 'have this deep need and passion to release what is inside' and in the end absolutely 'KNOW this is why we are here'. So here's to Artists' ... all of us. This is your thought to ponder for the weekend.
it will never exist through any other medium and will be lost.
directly to the urges that motivate you.
Donna, you are an excellent teacher. Pat's card is fabulous!
Thanks for doing the SMILE movie on your journal pages. THEY ARE A TREASURE without adding anything else. I hope you will do a video on your binding. I've been wondering how you would connect the signatures to complete the journal.
Looking forward to showing off my new earrings tomorrow at club. Thanks again; they are truly special.
Oh my I cant believe that quote.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 22.587757
Retrieved Text: What better way to show someone how much you care for them than with this Sonnenwald art greeting card. Everyone loves getting mail, especially when it’s from someone they care about. Surprise a friend or a significant other with this Sonnenwald art greeting card and brighten up their whole day. Everyone loves to feel wanted and appreciated and this is the perfect way to tell someone just how much they mean to you. The design of the card is timeless and can be sent to everyone, regardless, of age or gender. Everyone will be asking where your friend or a family member received such a stunning card. The Sonnenwald art greeting card is the best way to tell a friend or significant other that you're thinking of them. Add a personalized message to show how grateful you are for those special people in your life. This Sonnenwald art greeting card is the best way to put a smile on your friends face, guaranteed!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 22.561092
Retrieved Text: Penas de San Pedro Gagen: They walked along the edge of the pool and stood silently before greeting relatives of the victims of the attacks.
I am a 25 year old woman looking to meet new people. im shy at first, but after you get to know me im very out going. life has taken a toll on me and im trying to get out there and meet some guys who would like to have a good time. i dont believe in jumping into anything quickly. i eventually want a relationship. im very picky and know what i am looking for, looks dont matter to me as much as you need to be a good person. i would concider my looks average to cute. i love people who love to laugh and can make me laugh.
Please sign up here to see Gagen’s personal info.
Join now to become Penas de San Pedro Gagen’s friend.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 22.53085
Retrieved Text: How to send online birthday cards? It's easy; Care2 has many free ecards -- the best greeting cards, e-cards, and funny birthday cards on the Internet. Select a birthday card, personalize it with music and a message, and send cards to all your friends. All of our egreetings are one of a kind, most are flash animated, and all will delight your husband, wife, family, friends or any other loved one. And for every greeting card sent, care2 donates to help protect one square foot of rain forest.
For business use, Value Business Greeting Cards make sense. Your customers, business associates and friends will enjoy receiving a personalized card from your business and will remember the warm gesture with pleasure. It doesn't take a big budget to make a positive impact in professional relationships. It's as easy as ordering discount greeting cards on CardsDirect. Take a look at the selection on this page and more.
I have ordered birthday cards from Amazon several times this year and have been pleased. This time, I wanted to try some different cards and didn't pay attention to the fact that they are "blank" inside. They would have been perfect had they had just a short printed note inside...I am going back to my "Old Faithfuls"...Sometimes change isn't better!
So I end of giving lots of cards each year, namely handmade DIY birthday cards, but there is one card I make that has to be the most special of all. My Mom’s birthday is in the summer, and by spring, I am always

########
Rank: 28
Score: 22.525148
Retrieved Text: On Monday the 31st, New Year’s Eve, I was shopping at the grocery store when I ran into a friend. He greeted me with, “Happy New Year!” to which I replied, “Happy New Year to you, too!” A little later I met another friend and we exchanged the same greeting. Before I left the store I had wished the checker and the grocery bagger fellow the happiest of New Years as well.
On my way home I reflected on this experience and a strange thought came to mind. What exactly did those folks mean when they said “Happy New Year!” to me? And, what did I intend when I said the same to them?
You see, I believe that words should mean things. And, it seemed that these three words spoken together at this time of year have become so familiar and expected that their meaning is no longer clear. At best, it’s a sincere but vague wish for some sort of good upon another, and, at least it’s simply an automatic response in recognition of the calendar year sequence increasing by one. I realized that I utter the greeting in both instances but, unfortunately, not often in heart-felt best wishes for another’s true happiness.
What is meant by “New Year”? Does it mean have a happy New Year’s eve celebration, a happy New Year’s day, or a happy entire new year?
And, then, define “Happy”. For whichever time period one chooses for a new year, does happiness mean joy? Does it mean cheerfulness, or exuberance, or simply peace and

########
Rank: 29
Score: 22.51663
Retrieved Text: Simple Table Manners Lesson Plans, Kindergarten Ideas - Way we say, “thanks.?? we say, “please.?? we don’t interrupt or tease. We don’t argue. We don’t fuss. We concentrate while parents speak to us. We share our toys and take our turn. Right manners aren’t too difficult to examine. It’s without a doubt smooth, whilst you find. Appropriate manners means just being kind!. 2. The youngsters are in line at the drinking fountain. Another baby asks the second one infant in line to let him/her have “cuts” in line. What ought to that 2nd child in line do? (As many kids might also position-play this pastime as the trainer desires).
Manners position play role play answering the door and greeting a friend for a play date. After the go to, the child says, thanks for coming “; after the visiting buddy says, “thank you for having me.??. Kindness pledge ask your children what it way to be kind or to be a friend or to be best, anything they call it. I actually made a listing in their solutions and put them in a rhyme. It's far short, however to the point. It turned into critical to me that the phrases have been theirs- due to the fact they need in an effort to understand what they're promising! Our pledge is going like this:.
Cowl up and block the yuck first examine the e book “cover your nostril whilst you sneeze” then we took a paper plate and that i permit the children draw a self portrait at the

================



======= Instance Index 37 =========
Input Text: A frigid family wanted to buy a heater, so where did they have it installed?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- automobile
- city hall
- house
- public building
- office

Target Text: house

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 28.946032
Retrieved Text: Two Saturdays ago, I got up to find that hot water was shooting out the top of my hot water heater. This forced my hand on the decision of whether to replace my 20-year old hot water heater with another rental from Direct Energy or buy one.
1. Panic. This is best limited to a few seconds during which you don’t move.
2. Shut off main water supply to the house. Every adult and teenager in the house should know where this is, and it should be kept clear.
3. Clean up the water. A plastic dustpan worked great for scooping up the water off the cement floor that pooled away from the drain.
4. Call a friend who knows how to do just about any kind of work around a house and is often available on short notice. This step could be tricky if you don’t have the right friends. I do my best to be helpful to my friends, and they tend to reciprocate when I’m in need.
5. Buy and install a new water heater.
I had been planning to buy a new water heater for some time because the old one produced a lot of rusty hot water, and the $15.21 (including tax) I pay in rental fees each month irritates me. My punishment for procrastinating was the somewhat flooded basement.
1. Water heater rental costs go up over time. In fact, my rental cost had just increased by about 11%.
2. The water heater purchase had to be paid up front, but monthly rental costs are in the future.
3.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 28.677624
Retrieved Text: Navitron Renewable Energy and Sustainability Forum > SOLAR PHOTOVOLTAIC > Solar Photovoltaic Systems > Inline heater syphon not working?
Re: Inline heater syphon not working?
I didn't buy a genuine Willis but got a similar heater from a company call ThermcoUK who are only a few miles away from me but it didn't come with any instructions.
Have you tried contacting ThermcoUK for instructions. They list it for the application, same as the Willis. So should have some recommended method of fitting.
Tried to phone Thermco but phone constantly engaged . Have now sent them an email.
"Most of these Willis heaters use a standard 11" element which is 3kw. The savings is the ability to have small amounts water heated very hot, although it will heat the whole cylinder if wanted. They will heat very rapid, if piped right.
The drawing Tamz shows, while correct, is not the normal way most are piped. Normally the flow is joined to the cylinder vent ABOVE the draw off to taps. Simpler to pipe & works usually okay. Important that this pipe joins to vent preferably at least 2 or 3 feet above the top of cylinder, if you just joined at draw off, it will not circulate well & heater stat would cut off a lot.
I haven't a clue why they are not in rest of UK.
Edit:- just noticed on drawing that an Essex flange is used at bottom of cylinder. Esssexs are a disaster IMO, especially on a Willis, as if the heater gets a knock, so does the Esssex which will

########
Rank: 2
Score: 28.442303
Retrieved Text: So, this is a blog of my ramblings about what I had learnt from my renovation experience of our 4-room HDB flat in Singapore. Hopefully, I manage to bring useful information, and provide a lighthearted look on the joy and anguish during this process.
Under the recommendation from Alan of Venice of Italy lights, I bought the Bennington C600 Multipoint Water Heater. Why? Well, mainly because of 2 key points: (1) We're used to having "instant" water heater, and actually, my mum is worried about gas-heated storage heaters (2) I wanted to maximise the nice ready-built cold and hot water pipes by HDB. I almost went ahead to get 2 instant heaters (thereby wasting the mixer tap for the sink and only using one set of pipes, or got a storage heater (thereby incurring the wrath of my mum's constant nagging), but as luck would have it, Alan introduced me to the Bennington C600.
But, really maybe my family is just having this unwarranted phobia of gas leakage or getting scaled by storage heater. I'm sure there are thousands of households using storage heater, so the track record speaks for itself.
However, the idea that we don't wait 10 minutes or more to get hot water and getting back the "instant" water heater was appealing. Plus, it would feel like a 5-start hotel coz I can get the hot water at my wash basin/sink too, so why not? So, after visiting Bennington's website I decided to go ahead to buy from Alan. He even had photos from the agent

########
Rank: 3
Score: 28.256166
Retrieved Text: Home>Discussions>PLUMBING>Hot water expansion tank question - cold water now hot!
Hot water expansion tank question - cold water now hot!
I built my home in 2009, never experienced any problems with hot water , but recently checked my gas fired hot water tank expansion tank and realived it was bad, air blatter leaked and no air was left in tank. So i replaced the tank(which is located on hot water side of water heater) and now after HW is used and water heater recovers if i turn on the cold water in fauctes close to HW heater , water gets hot then returns to cold. I think i understad why, which is pressure is higher in HW tank than incoming water supply and until it lowers to the same as incomomg supply water is flowing from HW supply to faucet. So 2 questions, is my thinking correct, and what do i do to fix it?
Re: Hot water expansion tank question - cold water now hot!
You seem to have the expansion tank on the wrong side. Expansion tanks are normally installed above the water heater on the cold water line before it enters the water heater; however, they can really be installed anywhere on the cold water line prior to entry into the water heater. You could remover the expansion tank. Water has flowed thru pipes for centuries before people started adding that tank. As long as you have a closed system, and a pressure reducing valve, you really do not need one.
Andrew, The builder installed it on the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 28.154068
Retrieved Text: Subject: Furnace Replacement – Josh, The two installers that performed the furnace replacement in my home were extremely efficient, courteous and professional, my hats tipped to both. Please extend my pat on the back to both, they are a valuable asset to the Adams company. Thanks.
Brian, Sam and Gus are such professionals, and very expert at what they do. We could not be happier with the way they performed their jobs here! They installed a new heating unit and all new ducting. They took the time to do the job right, they didn’t miss anything, and went out of their way to correct any and all problems they found with our old system. I would not hesitate to recommend Adams Heating and Cooling, as the best company to do the job right and affordably.
I had high expectations, and you exceeded them! You were all exceptionally brilliant! Efficient, professional, knowledgeable, honest, friendly, and clean. You answered all my questions and concerns patiently, accurately, and tactfully. I had a lot. Your workers, Sam and Gus, work so quickly and well together. Their friendly humor made it easy. They left everything so clean! I wouldn’t hestitate to recommend you to everyone, and already have. An old Petaluma family business that has continued to excel!
Thank you for professional, courteous and prompt installation of our new furnace. Your technicians and the follow-up care were excellent! We highly recommend you! Best regards!
I called this morning to get my dead heater repaired. Josh called me back, and was able to fit me in

########
Rank: 5
Score: 28.05994
Retrieved Text: Does Experience Really Matter at All?
The last thing you want when installing something is to damage something else. Losing capability to gain capability elsewhere is, at best, a last resort. Ideally, you install things and they work synergistically with the other pieces you already have on your vehicle. Here is where a specialist is necessary. They can tell you if something is going to interfere with something else. In general, if you have a Sprinter then you want a Sprinter expert to work on your vehicle. If you have an Espar heater you want installed on your vehicle then the best thing to do is to get someone who knows the system so they know what happens when you install a new element like a heater. Also, if something goes wrong then they will know where the problem might lie and how to fix it. If you get someone who has never worked on a Sprinter before but is a trained professional then it might take them awhile to figure out how to work on the vehicle, where the problem is, and how to fix it.
SprinterStore and Upscale Auto share a building and can and will work together. It means that you will be able to get your product and your installation by going to one place. Sure, you could order the product and bring it yourself but why do it when you can just have it waiting for you. A lot can happen during a drive over to the product. Might as well have it

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.024342
Retrieved Text: Hearing a ruckus in your basement? Don’t ignore it — it could be the beginning of an impending hot water tank failure.
Scott Schnurr, the CEO of Chicago-based DRF Trusted Property Solutions, warned that hot water heaters are often forgotten about until a leak and the subsequent flood happens — an accident that can drain thousands of dollars from homeowners’ pockets.
“About 98 percent of our customers call after the water heater fails and only 2 percent will proactively think ‘Oh, it’s about 20 years old, I better call and do something about it,’ ” he said.
What’s the purpose of a hot water heater?
The main purpose of a hot water heater is to supply the domestic hot water heat for a physical location, whether it’s for a residential or industrial property.
What’s the proper way that a hot water heater should be installed?
Depending on the state you’re in, most states and local jurisdictions require that you use a licensed plumber to install it. You can install it at your own property, but if you have a rental property, most jurisdictions will say that you can’t install it [on your own] because you have someone else living there. The primary reason for that is because you can destroy property or cause grave bodily harm to its residents.
Grave bodily harm? What could go so horribly wrong with a hot water heater that it could kill someone?
You’re working with a device that has a pressure and temperature controlled tank, and just from the pressure from the water being overheated, it will blow

########
Rank: 7
Score: 27.677135
Retrieved Text: A good electric bathroom heater can be an essential component to anyone’s home. It will keep you warm when you are dressing or when you are all wet from having just taken a bath or shower. A bathroom heater is really essential in the winter time. A bathroom heater is not only essential for your own personal comfort and warmth, but it will also help safeguard your pipes from freezing in the winter. If your house has an unheated bathroom or one that is under heated, you consider adding an electric bathroom heater. You can find an electric bathroom heater in a variety of makes and models. The kind of electric bathroom heater that you need will depend upon your lifestyle. You can choose a wall mounted heater or a portable electric bathroom heater as well as an overhead heater.
When shopping for a wall-mounted bathroom heater you will have two heating options. These are either radiant heat or electric heat. The wall-mounted bathroom heaters are typically thin contemporary looking heaters. Most people like this type if they put a priority on being stylish. An electric wall mounted bathroom heater is usually recessed in a wall cavity between the studs. Most wall mounted heaters for the bathroom are convection heaters but they do make radiant heaters too. You will usually find that they have a motorized fan. If it is a silent, radiant heater it will heat by using electric coils that reflect heat off of the back panel.
You can also find bathroom heaters that have a

########
Rank: 8
Score: 27.658005
Retrieved Text: Westminster homeowners, if unlimited hot water sounds good, then consider our Westminster tankless water heaters expert Brothers Plumbing, Heating and Electric. We specialize in the installation, servicing, and repair of tankless water heaters in Westminster. Our focus is on your comfort and an on demand water heater is just the thing for a busy family.
Most households have a dishwasher, washing machine, a few faucets, and a couple of bathtubs. If all of these were in operation at the same time someone would be getting a blast of cold water in the shower! Not with an instant hot water heater. Tankless water heaters provide unlimited hot water to a single room or the entire home. There are many options for heaters including vented and ventless units for any installation need. If this sounds appealing Brothers Plumbing would be pleased to handle your Westminster tankless water heater installation.
Tankless water heaters have several benefits for the busy family. First of all, if you have a unit installed that can accommodate the entire household you can use all your hot water at once and never run out. Tankless units are energy efficient; they only run if the hot water is turned on. This saves on your energy bills since traditional hot water tanks will heat up over and over throughout the day. They also take up very little space in the garage, they are about the size of a carry on suitcase. If endless hot water sounds good to your family, we can send one of our experts in Westminster

########
Rank: 9
Score: 27.609627
Retrieved Text: Texas is known for its heat, but anyone who has lived in Austin, TX through at least one winter knows the temperatures can dip down to uncomfortably chilly levels that make a home heating system a necessity. To have the right heater placed in your home so that it will keep your family warm during any cold spell, you should only turn to skilled HVAC professionals. That way, you’ll not only have a new system installed so it works effectively and efficiently, but you’ll also have the right type and size of system. With all the options for home heating available today, you must have a skilled technician assist you with choosing the ideal heater for your household.
If you need a new heater installed, call the professionals at Roznovak's Services today. We offer heating installation services for Austin, TX and the surrounding areas.
We live in a time when there are numerous ways to heat a home. Sometimes, the number of choices you have may feel overwhelming, but that’s where having a team of heating experts like those as Roznovak's Services is invaluable. We will survey your home and determine how best to heat it so that your family stays warm and your utility bills under control.
The natural gas furnace remains one of the most popular ways to heat a home. Modern gas furnaces are efficient and can help you reduce heating costs over the winter, and their powerful operation can overcome any extreme cold. However, electric furnaces are also an excellent alternative if you do not

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.521608
Retrieved Text: Click Here! Search our website!
Nippa will switch to winter hours on October 23rd!
Our winter hours are Monday - Thursday, 10 AM to 3 PM.
There are Visitors at Nippa® right now!
A warm Welcome to Everyone and Thank You for your time!
Two years ago a friend told me about finding Nippa Sauna stoves for sale on the internet. I was familiar with the sauna from using electric ones in health clubs and hotels but I had never experienced a wood heated sauna. I ordered, and the stove with a sack of granite rocks arrived a few weeks later. I employed a semi-competent carpenter and his son to help me build the sauna on my farm. It is located next to a log cabin my parents built in the 1930's and on a bluff above the swimming hole where I learned to swim as a child. The sauna is made of western white cedar and insulated with foam roofing insulation. I went generally by the plans I ordered from Nippa with the stove. I made a new trail directly from the sauna to the swimming hole for cooling off in the summer, and have a hose from the cabin for showering in the winter. I light it with oil lamps as I did not install any electricity. At first I though 130 or 140 degrees was hot, but after several tries I got better at fire building and realized that the full experience required at least 190 and up to 230 degrees. I used the sauna alone for most

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.364986
Retrieved Text: You can understand why these simple diagnostic observations usually work on residential electric water heaters by looking at Carson Dunlop Associates' sketch at left. Called back, asked for manager - was told the managers don't have direct lines!!! Caution: Before you begin any repairs on the water heater turn it off, including water, gas, and electricity. At the bottom of the tank, it has a pilot light on the gas fueled burner. My guess is they won't for much longer, and there is no reason to miss them. Allow the clean cold water to flush through the tank until the water runs clear at the end of the hose. Replace the thermistor if you don't see a loose or disconnected wire.
Can you help us determine what's going on. We also provide a to this topic, or you can try the page top or bottom as a quick way to find information you need. Temperature cutoff points range from 160°C to 200°C depending on model. Simth water heater error code table above Watch out: some water heater defects represent dangerous conditions, risking fire, explosion, or carbon monoxide poisoning or scalding hazards. . Luckily for me, my buddy will do it for a beer, but there has to be others like myself that have either thought their water heater was bad and replaced the whole thing or just paid for the replacement part.
After removing the pilot assembly I decided this water heater was at the end the road. Christmas evening and no hot water. If you hear a

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.334564
Retrieved Text: Remote starters are one of many reasons it’s great to live in the 21st century. Those frigid minutes starting your car in bad weather definitely belong in the past. Here are the most important reasons why you should consider getting a remote start system for your vehicle.
The extreme weather experienced in some parts of the country make the installation of a remote start system not only very appealing but practical as well.
Whether there is a freezing cold blizzard outside or baking heat, it’s possible to remote start your car from the comfort of your home to prepare the interior to the temperature you prefer. All that is required is for you to remember to leave the settings at the correct temperature when you use the car previously. Then when you want to activate the starter from the building you are in, the air conditioner or car heater will kick into gear making the inside perfect for occupation.
Of course, that’s not the only advantage to having a remote starter installed in your car. If a brisk exit is ever called for, starting your car remotely can be the difference between an unnecessary encounter with someone unwanted and a slick getaway. In a bad neighborhood, having this feature can limit your exposure to danger.
Leaving quickly and politely is also made easier when you buy your car a remote starter. If someone is making it hard for you to leave by talking to you for a long time and your schedule is tight, simply activate the remote start effectively

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.313904
Retrieved Text: At what point did the bathroom become so important to your happiness? The bathroom is one of the only rooms in the house where privacy is almost fully respected. It seems like it’s hard to get away for more than five minutes when you have a full house, which is why when you are looking to relax at the end of a long week, you want to make sure you have all your ducks in a row—rubber ducks that is. Whether it’s a steaming hot bath or a nice hot shower, there is nothing quite as relaxing or reinvigorating. Conversely, there is nothing as disappointing as expecting a hot shower and getting into lukewarm water that refuses to heat up.
Home makeover shows seem to be all the rage, so it’s probably no surprise that your spouse wants to tear down a few walls and redo the kitchen. But one upgrade you don’t see being installed on these shows is a new water heater. Which, when you think how important having a good source of hot water on hand is, seems just plain silly. If you’re thinking about upgrading your water heater, here are a few things to think about. What size is your family? Most water heaters come in 80, 125, 160, 250, 315 and 400 L models and are suited for most Australian families. Deciding on the size of tank you need is relatively simple, but is important if you don’t ever want to run out of hot water again. An 80 L tank is

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.277306
Retrieved Text: Tankless water heaters have changed the plumbing industry since their inception in the 1860’s. Yes, you read that right. The first water heater was patented in 1868 (https://www.newtanklesswaterheaters.com/evolution-of-tankless-water-heaters/).In the 1890’s inventers were already experimenting with tankless water heater designs. Since those early days, both tankless and tank-type water heaters have only improved in design, efficiency, and popularity. For most people, tankless water heaters are a better fit for the house and the lifestyle they live. Unfortunately, the miracle of a tankless system isn’t the most reasonable system for every home. If you’re considering installing a tankless water heater, read this first.
1. Why are tankless water heaters called “instant hot water heaters”?
Tankless water heaters are sometimes called “instant water heaters” or “on demand water heaters” because they heat water so quickly. As soon as hot water is called for (caused by turning a hot water valve on) a burner kicks on, heating water that snakes its way through winding water lines inside of the heater.
Instead of a large storage tank that is constantly heating water to maintain the desired temperature, a tankless system has winding copper lines that allow the water as much time in the system as possible so the burners can have plenty of time to heat the water to the users satisfaction. Once the residual water that has been sitting in the system or in the pipes to the fixtures has been expelled through a faucet,the hot water should start flowing almost immediately. Having immediate access to hot water is one of the reasons

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.274763
Retrieved Text: Welcome to www.WaterHeaterExplosions.com.This site is dedicated to consumer education to help prevent water heater explosions. The majority of water heater explosions are completely preventable by following a regular routine of maintenance, inspections, and servicing.
Aug 1, 2017 … You may have a bomb in your home without even knowing it. Traditional water heaters can explode when they aren't maintained.
The majority of water heater explosions are completely preventable by following a regular routine of maintenance, inspections, and servicing. water heater explosions have injured/killed many people as well as damaging and destroying the structures where they were installed.
Water heaters have been known to explode when not maintained. We found reported incidents in Australia and Arizona as well as earlier this month in Tennessee, just to name a few. Obviously, even a small explosion in your home caused by a water heater can create thousands of dollars in damage.
But did you know that it's possible to experience a water heater blow up? Yes, you read that correctly – a water heater can explode if it's not properly maintained .

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.240093
Retrieved Text: The garage was where everyone found Dad. On frigid winter days, he lit the propane heater and cranked the radio. Elbow-deep in the chassis, oil, and grease covered, he was happier than a pig in—well, you know.
He purchased the dilapidated hunk of junk online, driving three hundred miles to trailer it home. Oddly shaped and sized packages appeared, and Dad’s face beamed. He wore his Christmas day smile as they disappeared into his lair.
One bright spring day, the garage stood empty. Now nobody knows where to find him as he speeds, top down, along the open road.
Spring is here so good day will be here too.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.173256
Retrieved Text: Home - Access Heating and Cooling, Inc.
is here for you and your family!
We install and service quality heating systems for oil, gas, electric, warm air, baseboard, and radiant heat. Call on Access!
Call on Access to keep your home or business cool and comfortable. Trust our decades of experience to get it done right!
Call on Access for installation, service and plumbing repair. Plumbing for bathrooms, kitchens, water heater installations and more.
“Recently our hot water heater died and Access Heating & Cooling installed a new one quickly so we did not have to go too long without hot water.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.13968
Retrieved Text: Fill out the form on this page to get an email containing these offers!
Did your heat stop working one night? Do you only get enough hot water for a 3 minute shower? There’s only ONE place to call for the best fuel oil prices and quality installations and that phone call should be to Pelco Fuel! We will take care of you and your family so you can rest comfortably during those frigid winter nights, or take a long, soothing shower after a hard day at work.
How about $100 for free?
We will credit your account $100 for referring a new customer to the Pelco family. Many of our customers take advantage of our referral program each year, helping to save friends and family money on their energy costs (referred customer must join the Pelco Automatic Delivery Program and receive a minimum of 4 deliveries).
All of Pelco Fuel installations are performed by qualified, experienced, licensed plumbers. Rest assured that your new boiler, water heater or plumbing service will be completed on time and properly by our trained technicians.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.132185
Retrieved Text: Most people purchase a new water heater because their old one is broken beyond repair, but some make the choice to upgrade to a new unit that has different features or is more energy efficient. No matter why you are getting a new hot water heater, call Flow Plumbing at 214-388-8838 for water heater installation in Richardson, TX!
Flow Plumbing is a local Richardson company that has long been known as the best choice for water heater installation! Since we are locally owned and operated, we are able to dispatch our licensed plumbers quickly and offer highly affordable rates.
When you hire Flow Plumbing to replace your old water heating unit with a new one, you can count on friendly and professional service. We take great pride in providing the best customer service in the industry and we continually strive to exceed our customers’ expectations. If you are looking for hot water heater installation that is fast, affordable, and provided by a local company that truly appreciates your business, look no further than Flow Plumbing! Give us a call today at 214-388-8838 to schedule your water heater service.
All of the plumbers at Flow Plumbing are licensed and have years of experience. Our plumbers have the skills and expertise needed to quickly and properly install your new hot water heater. Our services are available 5 days a week, so you will never have to wait long for an appointment.
We Can Install All Types and Brands of Water Heaters!
With over 25 years of experience, the team at Flow Plumbing has

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.080696
Retrieved Text: There are many things you can do to prevent this, so if you are looking for heater repair in Fort Smith, Fayetteville, Rogers, AR, and surrounding areas then consider contacting Martin’s Heating & Air Inc. in regards to meeting your need for heating this winter.
The worst thing that can happen with your furnace is having it break down. It’s a nightmare to come home and find that your house is frigid cold after a hard day’s work. That’s where we come in.
Our staff is trained to deal with any problem that might come with your heating system, with certified technicians ready to help you through those stressful times when you feel like there’s no hope. Martin’s Heating & Air Inc. is committed to delivering a high caliber of professional service in those times where you don’t know what to do.
If you are looking for heater repair in Fort Smith, Fayetteville, Rogers, AR, and surrounding areas then you can be sure that we will cover your needs in a time frame conducive to your schedule- with your valuable time in mind.
Nobody likes waiting for a technician to show up and we know that better than anybody- which is why we take our scheduling so seriously. We are committed to outstanding service to our community- it’s where we get our reputation from.
We are dedicated to delivering the best service money can buy, and we offer it at a price you can’t refuse. So before you go to the phone book to let your fingers do the walking, consider

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.011654
Retrieved Text: Well, today marks about 1 month, 6 days into our homeownership. It’s been great to not have ogres stomping on top of us like we did in our apartment. It’s nice being able to blast Glee songs at obscene volumes whenever I’d like. Pee Wee loves having a huge yard to run around tormenting squirrels in. All in all, it’s been great.
It’s also been overwhelming because there’s a ton of stuff I want to do, and no time or money to do it in. I mean, we have a reasonable amount in savings, but rather than dry that up with projects we “want” to do but don’t “need” to do, we’re saving it for when something that we HAVE to take care of arises. Like when we were without hot water for 5 days or so, and we thought our water heater was broken. We called our home warranty service, they sent out a plumber, and we ended up paying $60 to have the plumber switch on the water heater breaker for us. Yes, you read that correctly. All they did was flip the damn switch back on. I took frigid cold showers and had flu symptoms for a week over a SWITCH. I thought our water heater breaker would be where the other breaker switch thingies were in the house, but apparently the panel for our water heater is outside on the side of the house. During a crazy windstorm, the door blew open and the switch magically switched to off. We paid SIXTY dollars

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.685408
Retrieved Text: Hot water is no mere luxury, it is a necessity! When your hot water heater breaks down you are unable to wash dishes in the sink with hot water, you can’t do laundry, and you’re stuck with frigid showers, it’s a major interruption to your life. For businesses, it can be even worse!
If you have already repaired your old water heater enough for one year or you are simply looking to upgrade, the plumbers John’s Plumbing & Pumps, Inc has your water heater replacement solutions.
We offer excellent brand names with the best warranties for sale and installation as well as a selection at a wide range of price-points, so there is something for every scale and lifestyle.
Our friendly plumbers and technicians are happy to make a site visit and measure your space. We can talk to you about your usage and help you narrow down the best water heater replacement for your home or business.
Most water heaters are only built to last between 10 and 15 years. And old water heaters can be a major expense. Finding the right energy-efficient water heater replacement can pay for itself over time. We help you find a water heater that balances cost, capacity, and most efficient fuel source. You save in your utility bills and you save by not having to call in a plumber to fix an old, broken unit—again!
Whether you purchase a water heater from us or not, we offer experienced installation for you. We are able to install any make or model of water heater, from

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.684912
Retrieved Text: Best Buy customers often prefer the following products when searching for Temp Heaters.
Browse the top-ranked list of Temp Heaters below along with associated reviews and opinions.
"It's a great fan...Does a great job...This one boasts a quiet mode, which helped because we bought a white model that was loud at night when it would turn on and off to moderate the temperature in the room....When our wall heater that was directly wired on a 220 line broke I could not afford an electrician plus a new unit to be installed so I looked for a temporary fix with a space heater but it turns out we are keeping this permanently since it does a better job and seems to be more energy efficient than what we had"
"This one boasts a quiet mode, which helped because we bought a white model that was loud at night when it would turn on and off to moderate the temperature in the room."
"Does a great job...It's a great fan...Adjustable temp control makes it easy to pick ur comfort zone....When our wall heater that was directly wired on a 220 line broke I could not afford an electrician plus a new unit to be installed so I looked for a temporary fix with a space heater but it turns out we are keeping this permanently since it does a better job and seems to be more energy efficient than what we had"
"Adjustable temp control makes it easy to pick ur comfort zone."
"My wife is happy...Does a great job...the temperature is also easy

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.569006
Retrieved Text: I like that you mentioned that we can hire a professional. Maybe I should ask people that I trust for references. It might be a good idea to see what services are provided by the company that you are thinking of hiring.
I didn’t know that a faulty water heater system could actually cause mold damage. I have a really old water heater right now, and I was wondering if I should finally get it replaced. Mold can be such a mess, and can be quite expensive to repair, so I’ll have to find a service that could help me get a new system to avoid any complications like that. Thanks for the read.
Since an old water heater can be dangerous and cause water and mold damage to your home, you’d definitely want to replace it. In order to do this, you’d probably want to find a company that specializes in installations so they’ll be able to do it properly. This could make sure it’s done correctly and help you avoid other problems that would cause more damage. When you choose your water heater installation company, you’d probably want to find someone who has worked on the type of unit you are getting so they have the necessary skills and equipment.
I’m glad you mentioned that todays water heaters are much more safer. I think the mold damage comment really scares me. I better check my water heater and make sure everything is up to date.
I’ve been looking for a good residential water heater installation. I’m glad you

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.440954
Retrieved Text: Who likes having to take a cold shower after your entire family has used up all of the hot water? The answer: no one. Thankfully, a tankless water heater installed by your friends at Stewart Plumbing can help make sure that you never have to deal with this problem ever again.
What makes tankless water heaters so great is that they provide an endless supply of hot water. The Stewart Plumbing team has quite a bit of experience with installing tankless units in the Memphis area, and we are more than happy to help with selecting the right unit for your home.
Are you tired of having to pay high water and energy bills?
Do you no longer want to have to wait for hot water?
Are you looking to free up floor space that your conventional water heater is taking up?
If you answered yes to all of these questions, then it’s probably a good time to consider upgrading to a tankless water heater!
Did you know that tankless water heaters can be installed on any interior wall in your home? That means that you don’t have to worry about setting the unit up on your basement floor, if you’re not looking to waste any valuable floor space.
The first step to take when installing a new tankless unit is to mount the heater above the proper fuel and water connections in your home. Once that’s completed, the experts at Stewart Plumbing can connect the heater to the cold water, hot water, and power lines of your home. Installing a tankless unit

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.439293
Retrieved Text: Electric water heater comes in all shapes and sizes. Water heaters are one of the prime requirements of our day to day life. People mostly prefer the electric water heaters as they are easily accessible and can run for a long time. Different types of the models are available in the electric water heaters such as traditional, tankless, and portable.
Many things depend on the frequency of the use. If you want to buy the electric water heater then you will have to consider many factors such as the price, model, durability and the size.
If you choose a good model then you will spend less on the energy. Moreover, electric water heaters come with many installation options. A vent free model can be installed in your bedroom as its operating process is quiet and there is zero emission. Even if with a vented model, you will get more options than the gas models. A quality product will have less impact on the environment. It can be run through wind energy, solar energy, and other sources.
As mentioned earlier, three types of the electric water heater are available in the current market.
These water heaters are widely used. They come with a large tank; usually with fifty gallons. The water is heated either from the bottom, top, or from the both. Some modern and developed models use the heat pump system like a refrigerator, but the difference is that here it works in reverse. This is a good option for the large families.
You can hook this water heater directly with

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.435669
Retrieved Text: What is a Tankless Hot Water Heater?
Todays well informed home owners decide on a tankless water heater for 3 good reasons. First, they know that tankless water heaters are used throughout the World where energy costs are high. Canada's energy costs are rising. Secondly, they recognize that a 92-97% thermal efficient gas tankless water heater compared to a 50 - 60% standard gas tank type water heater will save money and help reduce their carbon footprint. Thirdly, the tankless water heater doesn't store hot water but produces it on demand.
Tankless water heaters are capable of providing an instant, endless supply of hot water. Because these systems function on an on-demand basis, they do not require a holding tank to store pre-warmed water. No storage or holding reserve means that tankless water heaters have a life span that is twice as long as traditional systems because of the risk of rust and corrosion is significantly lowered.
They are hung from the wall saving floor space. They can be installed almost anywhere. Most have warranties up to 15 years with all parts being replaceable and 100% recyclable. They do cost more initially but looking at all the benefits including the re-sale value of your home, they are well worth the expense.
Tankless heaters are not new to the market. They have a proven record dating back to 1950 in Canada. They come in many sizes to suit your needs. Experienced contractors can help you select the right unit.
A tankless hot water heater will save you money, save space and you

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.427322
Retrieved Text: In short, the answer depends on what brand and type of tankless water heater you buy. There are many factors that affect the difficulty of installation, like the clarity of the manufacturer’s installation instructions and the type of existing venting your home has.
However, the question is not how hard it is to install a tankless water heater, but if you should.
Although there is an increasing number of homeowners who have successfully installed a tankless water heater themselves, manufacturers strongly encourage buyers not to. First and foremost, there is the issue of safety. For example, if a gas powered tankless water heater is not properly connected to its gas supply line, a gas leak could develop. Likewise, if the existing wiring in your home cannot adequately supply electricity to your tankless water heater, there is a small chance that the wiring could short, which could potentially start an electric fire. Secondly, most manufacturers will not honor the warranties they provide on tankless water heaters unless the unit is installed by licensed professional. Should a problem arise with the unit you’ve purchased, and you chose to install it yourself, you could be out hundreds, if not thousands, of dollars.
It is a common myth that tankless water heaters are the “plug and play” variety. You simply cannot swap out your existing tank-style water heater for a tankless model. Modern traditional, gas-powered water heaters are not installed in a home with tankless retrofitting in mind. There is a real possibility that your home’s existing gas line, gas meter, and piping

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.361101
Retrieved Text: I’m thankful we had an extra week for this One Room Challenge, because we definitely were not ready for the garage makeover reveal last week – check it out!
Whoopee we’ve reached the final week for the One Room Challenge (extended by an extra week, just this one time!) and that means that we HAVE FINISHED the garage makeover! Okay, technically there are still a couple of small tidbits that aren’t done, but they don’t really affect this garage makeover reveal – so let’s just pretend everything is 100% perfect :) Let’s dive in!
We completed this makeover as part of the One Room Challenge hosted by Linda of Calling it Home. The 20 featured bloggers reveal their rooms on Wednesday this week, and me and all the other linking participants get to share our stuff on Thursday.
There’s room to park my car again! Yay!
On Thursday night, the Husband was all like “I’m going to park my boat in the garage all weekend okay?”. And I calmly told him that would not be a good idea. And by calmly, I mean angrily of course, because HOW WAS I SUPPOSED TO FINISH PAINTING AND THE ENTIRE MAKEOVER WHILE WORKING AROUND A BOAT!?
We compromised and he only left it in overnight and some of Friday (it was like -25° out… and someone forgot to get it ready for winter…).
Continuing on this wall, we have the Husband’s “bike zone” or “pain cave” as people call it. Apparently you can search #paincave on Instagram and people show off all their bike setups.

================



======= Instance Index 38 =========
Input Text: A gentleman is trying to relax, where is he likely to be able to do that?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- meeting
- club
- meditation center
- church
- in bed

Target Text: meditation center

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 28.135101
Retrieved Text: Carrot or Stick? Is Compromise Ever Acceptable?
What if a client is so entrenched in his (or her) old-fashioned so-called “dominance” views that banging on about force-free positive methods in the first consultation is likely to alienate him altogether? What if as an individual he just can’t help being a controller and his own sense of security depends upon very tight rules and routines?
People of a controlling nature may naturally be attracted to the forceful, dominance-based methods.
The man I went to visit recently readily accepts his foibles and describes himself as having OCD. His wife, fortunately, is completely the opposite and easygoing. One can imagine the friction this can cause over the dogs.
As you see from my website ‘story’ of my visit below, they are well-mannered and sociable dogs. What I didn’t say was that both suffer from certain OCD-type things themselves. The German shepherd obsessively rubs her chin on the ground and drinks water so compulsively that it can’t be left down. The mastiff repeatedly licks the floor or himself. There could, of course be underlying medical issues which either cause or make these things worse and vet checks have been done, but I strongly suspect that there is a degree of ‘dogs reflecting their humans’ emotions’ going on here.
I am working slowly and carefully within the man’s comfort zone, trying to replace his rituals with different, better ones. I am hoping that when he sees the success his wife has in ‘controlling’ the dogs with neither harsh commands nor physical strength, he too will be

########
Rank: 1
Score: 27.74761
Retrieved Text: These days, your reputation can be trashed more easily than ever before, thanks to the Internet. One Instagram picture, one Facebook comment, one tweet, one poor moment of judgment, or one accusation, is all it takes to leave a lasting mark in a place where nothing ever disappears. A single instance of bad behavior, even if you think it’s not a big deal, may haunt you forever and it’s simply best to be on your guard and second guess things whether it’s a good idea.
Resort attire or resort wear is a dress code that is established around the globe. It’s even the basis for an annual collection of couture fashion designers who focus just on this segment because a lot of people want to look stylish even when they relax.
You’ll most likely find it in the country clubs or nice resorts or hotels that want to make sure that guests don’t show up in board shorts for dinner. Sometimes, the dress code resort wear can be ambiguous because different hotels or resorts define it differently. As a rule of thumb, keep in mind, the more posh or upscale an establishment is, the more formal the dress code is likely going to be.
In this guide, we’re going to examine cologne for the distinguished gentleman, what he should seek out, how he should apply it, and our recommended picks.
Model, blogger, pilot: He has done many things, but David Gandy’s claim to fame is mostly due to his looks and style. Meet this Gentleman of Style, voted “Most Stylish

########
Rank: 2
Score: 27.039026
Retrieved Text: The Respected Gentleman (real name: David Maloney) is a retired chartered accountant and a very well-respected individual living in Cumbria, in the north of England.
He was first called by a chap in Oklahoma in 2012 and has since gotten calls from people in America (and various places in the world) who think he's made a call to them. He has tried explaining the situation to the British Telecom service, but they seem not to be able to do anything about it at all.
As of December 9, 2012, the Respected Gentleman is aware of the Soundboard Prank Calling Community having been informed of the YouTube series by an anonymous source. His understanding of the calls, however, appears to be limited. He still appears to be unaware of the use of soundboards, and believes that he is being conference called.
Ever since the Respected Gentleman became a new favourite of the Soundboard Prank Calling Community, video parodies and songs have appeared online, including the Chasing the Brendan - Respected Gentleman Rap which he got to hear in a call made to him.
Soundboard related reviews of his hotel, have also surfaced in many hotel review internet websites, but since most of these websites actually send the reviews to the regarding hotel manager, after reading them, the Respected Gentleman quickly asks for them to be deleted, so they most likely disappear after a few days.
Legitimate reviews by real guests, however, consistently state that the Respected Gentleman is "very rude" in person and can't be bothered to do anything, when asked.
As of

########
Rank: 3
Score: 26.172783
Retrieved Text: Ok, don't laugh. I'm more of a person who identifies with fundamentals. However, I was watching Neil Cavuto last night when he had a gentleman by the name of Henry Weingarten on. Neil said that this guy had an 80% accuracy track record for predicting the markets.
Mr. Weingarten runs the Astrology Fund. Couldn't find a ticker symbol for this. It seems more like it's an investing newsletter. Mr. Weingarten predicted, last night, that a stock market correction of 10% or more will occur within 90 days of March 29, 2006.
The astrologer noted a looming debt-dollar crisis. The gentleman's website is a bit hokey; however, I was able to deduce that he feels that the Nasdaq is the index that is most likely to fall.
I don't mean to be a chicken little here. I'm only trying to report an interesting/entertaining story. Here's the guy's website.
Here's some of the astrologer's commentary on the stock market.
Here's the markets that this astrologer favors.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 24.574974
Retrieved Text: Caught the tail end of a conversation on one of the local radio channels this morning. this was about a "get people fit" sort of deal they've decided to promote for a while on their morning broadcasts - at least that was what I understood given I just heard the end of the talk. The "show" in question was being hosted by a couple of guys and a lady, and apparently the first candidate they've "selected" is a member of the local constabulary.
According to the hosts, this particular gentleman has NOT exercised for eons (if ever) and has unhealthy eating habits as well. Fried foods, unhealthy snacks, excess drinking, the list goes on and on. And this is nothing so unusual - a lot of folks these days are in dire need of a complete diet overhaul before commencing an exercise program. My Simple and Effective Diet routine would be a great place for them to start.
The lady on the show then piped up with something like "What are we getting ourselves into here? If he's really that out of shape, we're going to have to get him to run for at least an hour every morning, and then do other exercises". And so forth - that was the last I caught of it. Dropped my wife off at her workplace, went home - so that was my radio "fix: for today.
And the point of my telling you this is not to catch you up on my favorite radio shows - what I am trying to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 24.386614
Retrieved Text: So, on Monday i was dricimg headed west on tecumseh east when I noticed a gentleman in a motorized wheelchair who was stuck in the rut between the road and the sidewalk trying to cross the intersection near the tim hortons. I was surprised by the people driving by/ around him and walking past him. I pulled over into the parking lot to see if he was ok. At the same time another gentleman was walking over to help with his little dog and we were able to get him onto the sidewalk.
Long story slightly less long, buddy was just about out of juice and kept getting stuck when his chair required a little more umph to get through the dips in the intersections from sidewalk to road and back up again.
After getting him onto the sidewalk, he said he was ok. I then got back in my car and started to head back down tecumseh when I noticed he got stuck in the next intersection. I pulled over again. We did this a few times before I finally pulled him back onto the sidewalk and said we had to figure something else out. He wasn't going too far, several blocks maybe but we had no way to get him and his chair into my SUV and it was for sure too far for me to push it all that way as everyone knows those chairs are quite heavy lol. I asked if he knew which cab company was accessible. He said checker cab but he

########
Rank: 6
Score: 24.384207
Retrieved Text: The world is a busy place where people have all kinds of reasons and motives to do the things that they do. What this means for you is that you are going to be judged by the things that you do and the way that you look. So, if you're looking for ways in how to be a proper gentleman, you've certainly come to the right place. By the time you’ve finished going through our expert advice, you will definitely know full well how to come across as a true gentleman. Give off the impression you want to give so you can be perceived the right way by peers, partners, and even strangers.
Sometimes there are certain people that we don't like – which is completely normal and we probably don’t want to talk to them, much less be nice to them. The modern gentleman must always be respectful to all people people around him, even if he doesn't particularly feel like it. But as a gentleman, you are essentially a representative for men all over the world.
While you may not like a certain person at all, bear in mind that respect for another person is the one of the most important gifts you can give. By being respectful as much as possible, you can acting as a positive influence on the world. Lead by example and be the change you wish to see.
Traditionally, men have had a reputation for being aggressive towards women and other people. While this is more of an old-fashioned way of thinking,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 24.219482
Retrieved Text: This is an epic volume serving a dual purpose. The first is to educate the “perfect gentleman” as to where to find the “requisites” for his impeccably stylish life. The second is to retell the history of a golden square mile of retail establishments that have been catering to perfect gentlemen since the 1600s. Mr. Sherwood speaks of East End London also known as the St. James district.
Even the most jaded Anglophile will likely be awakened to establishments that have been in this area for hundreds of years. Without telling too much of what is contained in this book, are you cognizant of Bates, G. J. Cleverley, Graziano & Girling, Purdey, Wartski, or James Smith—all famous haberdasheries?
All of these establishments and many more have been catering to royalty, dandies, and Hollywood luminaries for centuries. Any proper gentleman is already familiar with Lobb, Huntsman, Floris, Penhaligon, Anderson & Sheppard, and Turnbull & Asser—all of which and more are included in this glorious guide to being a gentleman for the 21st century.
Mr. Sherwood offers up a comprehensive and all-inclusive recipe for how to achieve the elevated status of The Perfect Gentleman.
The book is an extremely timely reminder about craftsmanship, heritage, and quality. Its release is in synch with so many brands currently trying to emphasize their histories to give them a gravitas beyond trend and momentary fashion. Not only is The Perfect Gentleman reflective of the commercial side of these rarefied businesses, but it also speaks to a renewed interest in everything that is bespoke.
The Perfect Gentleman is

########
Rank: 8
Score: 24.18177
Retrieved Text: asked the Secretary of State for Education and Science if he will publish a White Paper on his policy on educational selection.
No, Sir. Our policy is to restore to local education authorities the freedom they had before the passing of the Education Act 1976 to determine the best pattern of secondary provision for their own areas.
In order to test the system of retained selection that the right hon. and learned Gentleman is now implementing, will he institute research to compare the educational and social performance of pupils in the secondary modern schools that he is now keeping on with those of equal ability in the comprehensive schools? Or is the right hon. and learned Gentleman's ideological commitment to parental choice—that is, class choice—so great that no amount of empirical evidence will dissuade him?
I cannot see the connection that the hon. Gentleman attempts to make between class choice, as he calls it, and parental choice. Our desire is to extend parental choice as widely as possible to parents of all classes, as he would say. I do not think that it is necessary to do the research for which the hon. Gentleman asks. There is considerable evidence now available about the various schools. Certainly, I shall consider evidence from the hon. Gentleman if he puts it to me in writing.
Does my right hon. and learned Friend agree that many local authorities, such as my own in Suffolk, which are in favour of comprehensive education and have a fully comprehensive system still welcome the fact that he is

########
Rank: 9
Score: 24.053877
Retrieved Text: GENTLEMAN 1: The abundant FRONDESCENCE came from the forest IN WAVES, killing many people in the confusion that ensued.
GENTLEMAN 1: The trees came to life WREAKING HAVOC, sir! It was a massacre, really.
GENTLEMAN 2: You’re trying to tell me LEAVES attacked and murdered these people? Are you SURE it wasn’t locust?
GENTLEMAN 1: That’s SILLY. Why would bugs feel the need to murder?
MURDEROUS FEZ LOCUST: Pft! The bastards and their PESTICIDAL GENOCIDE deserved it.
He being the classes locust is probably the one who organized everything because he is respected within the locust communities.
And a pipe! That little fellow is just classy as all get out.
Yeah you’re right… that’s what happens when I try to hastily get a comic online. :/ Opps. Thanks for pointing it out.
I’m not trying to be snooty, but shouldn’t it be “their” in the last panel?
lol is that bug wearing a FEZ!?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 24.01497
Retrieved Text: Home Article Performance Matters – But What is Required For You?
Portfolio Performance – What is your MAGIC number?
Yesterday I was speaking to a gentleman that I have recently met about financial planning (I will call him Bob). He is on the cusp of retirement and needed a few things clarified before he hits the employment “toodleloo” button.
He has done well for himself financially over the years and he will likely have a fabulous retirement. There is one major flaw that I pointed out to him that could quite seriously alter his future financial dreams. The REQUIRED performance of his investment portfolio versus REALITY is disconnected.
Part of financial planning is making calculated projections about the growth potential of investments. This number is one of the most important variables in the equation to keep on top of. After all, a person’s investment portfolio is the likely to be the main source of retirement income. Bob’s portfolio wasn’t structured any where near being able to reach his required performance to meet his goals.
Sally (not her real name), will have plenty of money for her retirement with lots left over for her heirs. But, this could all disappear if she is either being too aggressive with her investments (risk of large losses) or too conservative (lack of growth). Keeping pace and track of what she really requires will be her best bet to accomplish it all.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 23.89792
Retrieved Text: We need to know everything about this video.
Where these dues are hanging out...why they were swimming there....who they are...we have SO many questions that need to be answered.
This video has been going viral the last couple of days, and we know so little about it. A group of friends appear to be hanging out in some sort of river, and when the video begins, an alligator is quickly approaching a gentleman still in the water. His buddy is hurling rocks and shouting and trying to do everything he can to cause the alligator to flee.
Nothing works, so what does he do? He drops a freakin' Macho Man Randy Savage elbow drop! We're not kidding!
We think we saw the alligator leaving the area after the elbow, so nice elbow, random jungle man. What would you have done in a similar situation?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 23.847258
Retrieved Text: For a man who can change his appearance and personality almost by force of will, the unnamed protagonist of Roger Hobbs’s skillful debut novel is both memorable and an engaging narrator. The Ghostman – if he has a real name, it’s not one he cares to share – is not a man you can find easily. And even if you find him, that’s no guarantee he’ll want to do business with you.
Without giving away his secrets, Hobbs still manages to give us a fully-fleshed-out narrator whose identity is dependent as much on what he omits as what he chooses to reveal. That makes the few nuggets of information he offers all the more intriguing – a self-taught Classicist, he translates Latin to relax – a hobby at odds with his apparently blue collar background. But the Ghostman is no erudite villain like Moriarty, no gentleman thief like Raffles. He is brilliant, analytical, and something of a former prodigy when it comes to organised crime – a James Bond for the other side without the arrogance and thuggery, charming when he wants to be, ruthless when he has to be and a cipher the rest of the time. But there’s a clumsy emotional naiveté beneath the mental gymnastics, and his Achilles heel is, of course, a woman: in this case, his former mentor, whose whereabouts are unknown. Given that he learnt his chameleon ways from her, I suspected – and am still not entirely convinced otherwise – that one particular female character was simply another of her

########
Rank: 13
Score: 23.84103
Retrieved Text: And Then She Fell By Stephanie Laurens ~ Love.Life.Read.
The only thing more troublesome than a Cynster man...is a Cynster lady who believes love is not her destiny. Famously known in London society as "The Matchbreaker," Henrietta Cynster's uncanny skill lies in preventing ill-fated nuptials - not in falling victim to Cupid's spell.
But then she disrupts one match too many and feels honor-bound to assist dashing James Glossup in finding a suitable bride for a marriage of convenience.
Henrietta has a knack…a knack for helping to identify the true reasons why a gentleman is pursuing a lady. Whether the reasons are for the well-meaning or the nefarious, that depends on the gentleman and the couple. When her friend asks her the reasons why James Glossup is pursuing her, she tells her the truth—he needs to marry, not because of love like she hopes.
James has been put into a predicament by his best friend’s sister. Simon’s little sister Henrietta has made his nearly impossible job of finding a bride even more difficult. He has to marry but, not for devilish reasons others have had—he has to protect those on the estates he unexpectedly inherited and to do that, he has to marry by a deadline.
Fate and The Lady have thrust them together when Henrietta feels compelled to help James. Imagine their surprise when the chemistry between the two them is undeniable and they find love where they least expect it to come. When their new love is put to the test, will they be able to pull through in

########
Rank: 14
Score: 23.767614
Retrieved Text: "The first week of school is tough for new students. New teachers, new classrooms and new rules all make it hard. Last week at Zion we had several new students. One student in particular helped make this transition a lot easier for some of those new kids. Kyle Sutherland was a great mentor to students that did not know what to do. Not only did he lead by excellent example, but he also helped by holding the hand of new students as we walked in and outside from playground time. Because of Kyle's leadership we have decided to make this a new policy; Student Mentoring, where we will team new students up with older students for the first week of school. Thank you Kyle!!!"
"Mr. Pleu, I like you. You are just like my Dad."
I asked him, "Is it because of my gray beard?"
"Is it about my large belly?"
"Yeah, but mostly it's because you're kind, like my Daddy."
In the 6 years we have been in business this is the highest, most respectful compliment I have received.
I just wanted to drop you a note to tell you how incredibly happy we are with your program. My wife and I have two girls enrolled, ages 9 and 11. Both kids have been involved in numerous sports programs including horseback riding, ballet, soccer, cross country, dance and basketball. Although they were happy to get the chance to participate, they never felt the way they do know about themselves and the ATA program.
Your motto, "Yes I Can" exemplifies the feelings our

########
Rank: 15
Score: 23.653404
Retrieved Text: Ted has always loved music and had gone from using a record player turntable to a stereo as technology evolved over the years.
However, Ted was recently diagnosed with dementia. As his condition has progressed, he has been finding it increasingly difficult to operate a standard CD player. There are too many fiddly buttons and controls.
Our team realised that many people, like Ted, could gain a lot from being able to continue to listen to their favourite songs and melodies.
What we needed to do was to design a music player that could offer people living with dementia, other cognitive impairments and visual impairment an easy way to start and stop much-loved tunes.
We set about developing our Simple Music Player. A device that is bright, straightfoward to use and can be pre-loaded by a loved one so it’s all set-up and ready to go.
The main design aspect we included was a flap which you lift and close to start and stop the music – a feature which gives a nod to the kind of record players that Ted would be have been familiar with as a young man.
We know that reminiscence and familiarity are crucial for people who are living with dementia.
Ted’s family gave him the Simple Music Player last Christmas and he has been able to easily listen to his favourite music ever since.
His son told us: “I have recently purchased the Simple Music Player for my dad who has both Parkinson’s and dementia and I wanted to share with you what a success it has been.
“He

########
Rank: 16
Score: 23.653208
Retrieved Text: I stopped dying my hair. My roots are grey. I look old. I feel young.
The fun Mini has been replaced by a mature SUV. I feel responsible.
I attended an outdoor electronica festival and I saw Tommy Hilfiger clad couples in amongst the crowd. There isn’t an age when music stops inspiring.
Visited Europe a few times this year, thankful for the experiences, grateful for Canada.
There is an abundance of love still out there in our world waiting to be requited. It comes in shapes and sizes we might not have imagined. When we honour it, we are rewarded.
Under our cloaks, we just want to be accepted.
2017 seems like a scary prospect, but it’s coming for us.
What I love most about Valentine’s Day are the memories. Valentine Day memories from grade’s 1 to 6 where in our innocence we made Valentine’s Day cards, Valentine’s Day Garland, ate red frosted sugar cookies and cinnamon hearts.
I fondly think of the pink and red construction paper, diligently cutting out heart shapes, stringing together our creations, white paper doilies, glitter and glue.
This Valentine’s Day I spent with my family. What better way to celebrate the day of Love.
“Seriously!” my sister and I said in unison. I could hardly imagine my brother-in-law going home empty handed each Valentine’s Day. It made me sad to think some child might be going home without Valentine’s Day cards!
Both my nieces sat quietly, contemplating.
After a few moments of trying to think up all the possible reasons for her dad’s Valentine’s Day misfortunes as a child, one of

########
Rank: 17
Score: 23.49705
Retrieved Text: Its the school holidays and the sun is shining on us for the time being at least. Perfect for the holiday season.
We are not globe trotters, and having never been abroad we don't really take much time out on holidays so planning a break for us is normally a last minute dash to a campsite when the weather man forecasts a few days of sunshine.
Our trusty little tent a few sleeping bags 3 children and a huge dog all huddled together into our little car we do look rather unorthodox to say the least, heading off to our favourite campsite in Wales where you don't need to book a spot, and has just basic amenities it is a beautiful place to go and spend some family time away, with our unplanned approach to holidays and love for the simple things this suits us down to the ground!
I do love to have a break away from things, even if it is a mad rush of jumbled preparation. Being self employed means that if we are not tirelessly trying to make some money we have very little, and so saving for a holiday never really materialises into a reality, just thinking of affording the passports seems like such a huge hurdle yet alone searching out a holiday reasonable enough to consider. So we stick to holidays at home, the more basic the better.
Whilst I would one day love to travel far and wide, right now trekking the world seeing new cities and cultures is off the agenda we

########
Rank: 18
Score: 23.384285
Retrieved Text: Tall. Thin. A condescending look on his face, browsing around for impurities, things not supposed to be where they are, not supposed to be how they are. Always knowing better.
To the middle-aged lady struggling to be gracious while slicing a banana in her yogurt - he felt the need to let her know the unnecessary and perhaps even painful labor she’d put her digestive system through: fruits do not belong in a meal; one should have them at least half an hour before or after a meal. Your stomach will thank you for it and your day will run smoother and you’ll be happier.
To the gentleman pouring a drop of milk in his cup of filter coffee - better not. Coffee is much more efficient without the milk. And milk? Who does actually still need that?
To the lady packing up a few sandwiches for her husband and daughter and wrapping them in a napkin - “I cannot help myself to be rather distressed by what you are doing”, he says. He did not wait for her explanation (her husband and daughter are going to miss breakfast this morning since they are too tired to wake up and will have to leave in a few minutes anyway) and disappeared behind the front desk. Two minutes later, he came back and very calmly, without even trying to hear what the woman had to say, he let her know that - one: her action was a sign of unfairness towards the other guests and - two: that he will

########
Rank: 19
Score: 23.265736
Retrieved Text: That was the entire value proposition given to me by the gentleman standing at my front door.
It was a Saturday afternoon and the doorbell rang.
A gentleman asked if we have a pest control service and if so what we pay for it. I responded that yes we do have one, and I gave him the approximate amount we pay.
He said he could save us $11.00 per month and we could switch right then!
I’m all in favor of trying to save a few bucks, and yes $11.00 per month would be nice, but did he offer any other information? NO!
The strategy he was using to attract business was to gain it purely based on price. I’m sure over the course of the afternoon walking through the neighborhood, he was able to sign up a number of homes.
It leaves me asking, “Is the savings of $11.00 per month a valid reason to switch for a homeowner?” Sure, I can see why it would make sense to switch.
But the bigger question is does the price point make sense for the business?
What is his basis for offering a price of $11.00 less? Was he providing less service?
I don’t know and he never said. Was he building his business model around a lower operating margin? Could be.
Was he thinking that if he could create a large number of homes in one area needing pest control service, he could lower his cost of travel, etc.? Could be.
The fact is he could be doing any number of things to validate in his own

########
Rank: 20
Score: 23.233854
Retrieved Text: Mr. JACKSON of Illinois. Madam Chairman, I move to strike the last word.
Mr. JACKSON of Illinois. I was going to yield a minute of my time to the gentleman from Texas to explain his amendment. I appreciate his speech, and I thought the gentleman's speech was a thoughtful speech. He has come to the floor consistently on every appropriations bill in an effort to save money, but I would like to yield to the gentleman just so he can tell us what his amendment does in this bill. If the gentleman would be kind enough to explain that to us, we would appreciate it over here on the majority.
Mr. JACKSON of Illinois. I appreciate the gentleman and his analysis.
At least as I read page 58, line 21, the gentleman seeks to reduce by $8 million section 501 of the Refugee Education Assistance Act of 1980 and section 505 of the Family Support Act of 1988. That reduction the committee fundamentally opposes in part because of Refugee Education Assistance Act of 1980 and the Family Support Act of 1988 are reputable programs that have provided an enormous benefit to the American taxpayer. That is precisely why it is in the bill. And it is specifically in the section of the bill "Children and Families Services Programs'' because of its enormous benefit to the American taxpayer.
I appreciate the gentleman's effort at fiscal accountability and fiscal responsibility, and the gentleman has clearly led a crusade through every single one of these appropriations bills, but I would encourage Members to

########
Rank: 21
Score: 23.165655
Retrieved Text: Softly and swiftly, sir, for the priest is ready.
at home, therefore leave us.
then come back to my master's as soon as I can.
I marvel Cambio comes not all this while.
Quietly and quickly, sir; the priest is ready.
I’m coming, Biondello. But they might need you at home, so leave us.
No, I swear I’ll make sure you’re safely married first, and then come back to my master’s as soon as I can.
I’m amazed Cambio still hasn’t come.
Sir, here’s the door. This is Lucentio’s house. My father’s is closer to the marketplace. I have to go there and leave you here, sir.
No, first you should come in and have a drink before you go. I order you to let me welcome you here. And there’s probably some food and drink being prepared.
They’re busy inside; you’d better knock louder.
Who is that who knocks like he’s trying to break down the gate?
Is Signor Lucentio inside, sir?
He’s inside, sir, but not available to speak.
Sir, here's the door; this is Lucentio's house.
Thither must I, and here I leave you, sir.
You shall not choose but drink before you go.
And, by all likelihood, some cheer is toward.
They're busy within; you were best knock louder.
What's he that knocks as he would beat down the gate?
Is Signor Lucentio within, sir?
He's within, sir, but not to be spoken withal.
two to make merry withal?
need none, so long as I live.
beloved in Padua. [To Merchant] Do you hear, sir?
What if someone brings him a hundred pounds or two, to enjoy ourselves inside?
Keep your hundred pounds to yourself. He won’t need

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.163736
Retrieved Text: All I can say is WOW! When Dr. Caldwell asked me if I still had interest in going on the Colombia Medical Missions trip it was an easy, YES! I had always wanted to do something like this, but never knew where to go or how it all actually worked. Although, when starting this journey I had no idea what to expect, my friends have done medical missions trips in Africa and when I told them I was heading to Colombia they told me that it will be life changing; and boy, were they right!
On Wednesday an older gentleman came to us with an open wound that needed some debriding, the proper ointments and bandages, and a little TLC and it should heal up just fine. The gentleman, who later told us his name was Fabio, said he had been a very healthy man all his life until now. We told him we would be able to clean up the wound and get it bandaged, but we would need to use a little local anesthetic. He said he would like it done, but he was just so nervous and kept telling us over and over again how nervous he was. Dr. Nick then asked him, "How did you live this long if you are so nervous?" The gentleman replied, "Because The Lord is my best friend. He is always with me and I pray every minute of everyday. I love The Lord." I instantly had tears in my eyes. The sweetest man; all he wants is

########
Rank: 23
Score: 23.120975
Retrieved Text: Taking my 401(k) by the horns!
The most interesting part of this particular entity is that it uses the rollover capability of IRA to IRA or 401(k) to IRA fun in order to circumvent or postpone paying the penalties against doing this normally.
As a result, these people are enabling individuals to chase their dreams. The portion of the articlethat cost my eye was Dry fly distillery which is based out of Spokane Washington. The most interesting part of this particular article was that it was a company I recognized and something that I had had experience with in the past.
As a result I decided to read the rest of the article. In and of itself it seemed fairly benign until I was able to read about the gentleman who started a recovery process to gain back all of the money that he had lost when the stock market took a tank multiple years back. The particular story of interest was a dog a business that the gentleman started in order to pursue what you found to be a niche market. All in all, the facts of the article or that the gentleman had previous experience managing businesses, so the risk of him transferring his 401(k) funds into this entity was minimized. The upside of the article was the fact that the gentleman was able to start a successful business and grow into multiple locations in order to get himself back on at the financial retirement. All of this was made through a product that is provided by

########
Rank: 24
Score: 23.087324
Retrieved Text: What Makes The Modern Gentleman?
Is there any greater compliment than being offered the title of a ‘true gentleman’? Whether that’s through acts of chivalry or the finer details such as good manners, holding open a door or rising from your seat when a lady leaves the table, there is certainly an art to conforming to the typical definitions of what a gentleman should be, while still maintaining the credibility of a modern man.
Inspired by Ermengildo Zegna’s Elements Of Man: The Life Collection, I thought I would offer some of my thoughts and opinions on how to combine these age old traditions of what makes a true gentleman, and look at how we can apply these in the modern World.
Learning to love yourself for who you are is an integral component of being the ultimate modern day gent. It’s true what they say about learning to love yourself first, before you can enable others to feel your love.
Small daily rituals of self care are important, whether taking a few extra moments on your grooming routine each morning or stealing an hour to yourself for a workout – don’t underestimate the power of taking time to appreciate yourself.
The modern gentleman is a man with genuine self-confidence and true masculinity. He’s a man who knows his own mind and he’s not afraid to stand up for what be believes in to be right.
As with all things, there are right and wrong ways about going about certain topics, and a true gentleman isn’t afraid to speak his mind, and yet

########
Rank: 25
Score: 22.961681
Retrieved Text: Making its debut for the debonair gentleman is the Google Glass Solo, looking to take Glass to the next level.
The new Glass monocle addresses a problem that Google is calling "the curious case of the covert overt", where those openly wearing Glass are accused of trying to hide their subversive intent.
Glass Solo addresses the problem of social ostracism, as one can simply relax the eye and let Glass drop, secure in the knowledge that the lanyard will keep your wearable attached.
It can then be tucked into your waistcoat pocket with lordly discretion.
Glass Solo has been achievable thanks to some very sophisticated miniaturisation techniques and use of an advanced interactive sapphire crystal glass display.
Control uses a wink and nudge technique, but cleverly it's the pressure of your assured scowl that powers the optic. That eye grip brings Glass Solo to life; when removed, it slips into a low-power torpor, like Mother after a gin cup.
The new eyewear - that would make David Livingstone proud - adopts Google's new Android Wear platform, making this the next-generation glass wear to be seen in.
Google Glass Solo is the first device in the Glass OLE (one lens experience) family and will soon be available through the Explorer programme. A source indefatigably close to the matter has confirmed that rumours of a pince-nez variety seem to be wildly unfounded.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 22.892466
Retrieved Text: Today's daily paper had this headline for one of its weekly columns: "For many men, Valentine's Day is all about trying not to screw up." Written by a man, it communicates the pressure men feel to get it right on this romantic occassion. It reminds me of how pressured job hunters feel when it comes to the interview.
Here's a thought: why not relax about it all, do something or behave in a way that is authentic to you and how you feel, and let the chips fall where they may? No use trying to manipulate a situation or relationship by being anything other than you! If the person doesn't respond favourably, whether in the interview or your relationship, perhaps it is best to move on.
I would much rather work somewhere where my quirks, personality, and style were welcomed, appreciated, needed, than somewhere where they found my approach not aligned with theirs. Such a situation, aside from potentially being a confidence buster, isn't likely to provide workplace successes. No success, no great content for the next resume, the need for which would likely come soon enough, given that the fit was all wrong!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 22.827826
Retrieved Text: The object of golf is not just to win. It is to play like a gentleman, and win.
I'm trying to be more of a gentleman.
I can make a lord, but only God can make a gentleman.
Gentlemen don't read each other's mail.
Cricket civilizes people and creates good gentlemen. I want everyone to play cricket in Zimbabwe; I want ours to be a nation of gentlemen.
Of the offspring of the gentilman Jafeth, came Habraham, Moyses, Aron and the profettys; and also the kyng of the right line of Mary, of whom that gentilman Jhesus was borne.
To be a gentleman is to be oneself, all of a seam, on camera and off.
A gentleman, is a rarer thing than some of us think for. Which of us can point out many such in his circle--men whose aims are generous, whose truth is constant and elevated; who can look the world honestly in the face, with an equal manly sympathy for the great and the small? We all know a hundred whose coats are well made, and a score who have excellent manners; but of gentlemen how many? Let us take a little scrap of paper, and each make out his list.
There is no man that can teach us to be gentlemen better than Joseph Addison.
He that can enjoy the intimacy of the great, and on no occasion disgust them by familiarity, or disgrace himself by servility, proves that he is as perfect a gentleman by nature as his companions are by rank.
We may daily discover crowds acquire sufficient wealth to

########
Rank: 28
Score: 22.825146
Retrieved Text: Around the Barrel host Lucas Hendrickson caught up with actor and Gentleman Jack brand ambassador Omari Hardwick in Chicago to talk Real to Reel, a competition to find and support the next wave of African-American filmmakers.
In this episode, Omari talks about succeeding in the entertainment industry and how the next generation of storytellers can break the mold with the tools available today. He also discussed the things that contributed to his career, including having tough skin, understanding the business behind entertainment, and his journey to becoming an actor.
Omari Hardwick: I would love to always be able to look back and go that was my first brand that I was attached to, so if I can be somewhat forever connected to this while building other brands that would really be cool to me.
Lucas Hendrickson: Omari Hardwick has wrestled with duality most of his life, and certainly throughout his creative career. A standout athlete growing up, he also directed his energy into creative pursuits, such as poetry and acting, jumping back and forth between what can sometimes be very different worlds. On this episode of Around the Barrel, we travel to Chicago to talk to the star of Starz' long-running drama series "Power," about creativity, mentorship, the skills needed to survive the business of show, and the merits of being a devilish angel turned into a gentleman.
Welcome back to Around the Barrel, the official podcast from the makers of Jack Daniel's. I'm your host, Lucas Hendrickson. Omari Hardwick knows the power words can have, they can transport one

########
Rank: 29
Score: 22.744589
Retrieved Text: Apple announced this morning that John Browett will be joining Apple as their new Senior Vice President of Retail. Browett will be leaving his current position as CEO of Dixons Retail.
Apple® today announced that John Browett will join the company as senior vice president of Retail, reporting to Apple CEO Tim Cook. Browett comes to Apple from European technology retailer Dixons Retail, where he has been CEO since 2007. Beginning in April, he will be responsible for Apple’s retail strategy and the continued expansion of Apple retail stores around the world.
Prior to the role of CEO of Dixons Retail, Browett held executive positions at Tesco plc including CEO of Tesco.com, and previously advised retail and consumer goods clients at Boston Consulting Group. B rowett holds a degree in Natural Sciences from Cambridge University and an MBA from Wharton Business School.
Browett replaces Ron Johnson who left Apple for J.C. Penny in November. Johnson has been credited as being the driving force behind Apple's massive success in their retail initiative.
Dixons Retail is one of the largest consumer retailers in Europe with over 40,000 employees. Dixons has already announced that Browett's role will be filled internally by Sebastian James. Browett officially makes the transition to Apple in April.
This really doesn't bode well. Hopefully this guy is leaving Dixons due to frustration with them, rather than seeing the writing is on the wall for current technology vendors.
Dixons retails closed their Dixons brand stores in the UK, a number of their Currys and PC World stores merged.
The shopping experience is frustrating

================



======= Instance Index 39 =========
Input Text: A gentleman is very wealthy and flaunts it, where does he likely live?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- europe
- big house
- tuxedo
- palace
- men's room

Target Text: big house

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 28.938883
Retrieved Text: Lse is part of pounds to which, ios or android app; dating site for. It rich dating website used the best genuine millionaire, working at millionaire dating sites. Launching an online millionaire dating a rich guys - meet a millionaire match attractive women for educated women to finding a. Lse is a rich men, i looked into the most important financial and b. Happens person, dark and good times then our dating site. Best free vip online dating sites are seeing a millionaire at https: //www. It features live chat, but, dating as one of attractive women looking for an effort to is my gf on dating sites in these times but, registration. Guy stuart ritchie married model jacqui ainsley, i'm going to the eu, long before the realm of search over 40 million singles daily. This statistic makes clear that Go Here are likely to dating websites uk struggle to find love! Extremely wealthy men to pay for me helpline number one of west yorkshire county, dating rich single men easily. Wealthy men, photo picture personal ads, film producer. Have no trouble attracting women to donate to. Chris has also suggested that threatens to meet beautiful women looking for a wealthy men are often in manchester and only location-based dating game. You've met the wealthy but, henry golding, long before the. You are very busy city of dating site where successful gentleman meet the profiles of excellence in the realm of kentucky, date, un and romantic. Number customer service support helpline phone number dating help

########
Rank: 1
Score: 27.803776
Retrieved Text: In order to save her family, Emma Chadwick must find employment at an infamous gambling hell where she will learn there is pleasure to be found in falling--and sometimes being a little bad can feel so very good.
Emma Chadwick always assumed she'd live and die the daughter of a gentleman. But when her father's death reveals a world of staggering debt and dangerous moneylenders, she must risk her good name and put her talent for mathematics to use, taking a position as bookkeeper at London's most notorious gambling hell. Surrounded by vice and corruption on all sides, it is imperative the tonnever discovers Emma's shamefulsecret or her reputation--and her life--will be ruined.
But Roderick Bentley, the hell's sinfully wealthy owner, awakens a hunger Emma cannot deny. Drawn deep into an underworld of high stakes gambling and reckless overindulgence, she soon discovers that to win the love of a ruthless scoundrel, she will have to play the game...and give in to the pleasure of falling from grace.
"You should not have kissed me," she replied breathlessly. "I do a lot of things I shouldn't. It does not mean I won't do them again."
Forced to use her talent for mathematics to save her family, Emma finds herself drawn from London's glittering ballrooms deep into its gritty underworld...and discovers there the pleasure of falling from grace.
Emma Chadwick always assumed she'd live and die the daughter of a gentleman. But when her father's death reveals a world of staggering debt and dangerous moneylenders, she must risk her good name and put her

########
Rank: 2
Score: 26.351723
Retrieved Text: No matter what the genre, style or type of movie we see, it’s highly likely that it will be very closely linked to fashion. With professional stylists and costumed designers on hand, there are many outfits that inspire fashion today, so here are a few of our most favourite and well known groundbreaking styles.
Renowned for his smart looks, impeccable appearance and skills with the ladies, James Bond is obviously a part of our countdown. While every single movie – from start to finish – includes outfits that are ‘on point’, we must admit that arguably the most famous outfit is the grey three-piece suit, fashioned by Roger Moore in Goldfinger. It’s endured many decades worth of changing styles and yet remains one of the most influential and in-style creations.
The Great Gatsby was an immensely popular remake of the previous film version in 1974 and stars none other than Leonardo Dicaprio. As a character obsessed with keeping up appearances, the latest fashions and everything fun in life, it’s no wonder that he is a part of this list. Wearing the best quality suits – unique and border breaking – he’s the epitome of style and will be remembered for a long time.
As one half of the main characters in Jane Austen’s Pride and Prejudice, Mr Darcy is regarded as the archetype of a romantic hero. In the 1995 television adaptation, Mr Darcy is portrayed by Colin Firth – who also plays Mark Darcy in the Bridget Jones’ movies, which is based around the original novel – and

########
Rank: 3
Score: 25.886337
Retrieved Text: This NPC is found in many locations, usually depending on advancement of various questlines. Click to see all locations.
"A Manderville is more than mere flesh and bone! He is vigor, compassion, honor—a gentleman for all seasons!"
Born to a wealthy Ul'dahn house, Hildibrand balked at the idea of inheriting the family trade, instead choosing to leave his home and travel the realm as a self-titled "agent of inquiry, inspector extraordinaire." The Highlander has captured many criminals and saved more lives—though whether this was due to, or in spite of, his reasoning and gods-given wit is a matter of no small debate.
To thwart the destruction of Eorzea, he embarked on a mission to the very heavens where he came perilously close to the red moon. It was at this time it is believed he was ensnared in some manner of Allagan device designed to keep its thralls in stasis. Hildibrand was effectively frozen in time, and until his return to the living five years later, many of his companions believed him dead, going as far as providing him with a burial fitting one of his status.
The time spent in stasis seemingly had no effect on the gentleman inspector's age, and he maintains the vim and vigor of a man of eighteen summers despite having seen twenty and three. His favorite good, incidentally, is Truffles à la Manderville.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 25.065744
Retrieved Text: These days, your reputation can be trashed more easily than ever before, thanks to the Internet. One Instagram picture, one Facebook comment, one tweet, one poor moment of judgment, or one accusation, is all it takes to leave a lasting mark in a place where nothing ever disappears. A single instance of bad behavior, even if you think it’s not a big deal, may haunt you forever and it’s simply best to be on your guard and second guess things whether it’s a good idea.
Resort attire or resort wear is a dress code that is established around the globe. It’s even the basis for an annual collection of couture fashion designers who focus just on this segment because a lot of people want to look stylish even when they relax.
You’ll most likely find it in the country clubs or nice resorts or hotels that want to make sure that guests don’t show up in board shorts for dinner. Sometimes, the dress code resort wear can be ambiguous because different hotels or resorts define it differently. As a rule of thumb, keep in mind, the more posh or upscale an establishment is, the more formal the dress code is likely going to be.
In this guide, we’re going to examine cologne for the distinguished gentleman, what he should seek out, how he should apply it, and our recommended picks.
Model, blogger, pilot: He has done many things, but David Gandy’s claim to fame is mostly due to his looks and style. Meet this Gentleman of Style, voted “Most Stylish

########
Rank: 5
Score: 25.018854
Retrieved Text: Riches to Rags to Riches?
Firstly I do realise that nobody will be able to give me a definitive answer to this but I'm interested in everyone's opinion as to whether I've traced the correct family line.
My 2xGG was William Foster b 1816 in Witham, Essex d 10/07/1900 Leigh-On-Sea, Essex. William was a very wealthy man who started off as a victualler then became a coal merchant, then a farmer (owned the farms rather than worked them) and was the 3rd largest land owner in Essex at that time. From various documents I have of his that have been passed down through the family I know his father was John Foster and that he was a Cordwainer who for many years had a business in Witham.
Based on this I always assumed that William was a self made man as a cordwainer was perhaps a more humble background for his father.
Detail on John Foster is fairly scant and although I have located him on the 1861, 1851 and 1841 census his age and place of birth differ. I am confident though that these are the correct census as other details like occupation and other family members match.
The only baptism I could find for A John Foster anywhere near Chelmsford or Oxford in the time frame was on one 1788 in Blackmore which is roughly 8 miles from Chelmsford.
If that is correct then his parents were John Foster and Mary Bolton and he was one of 8 children. His parents came died in Blackmore but were born in Writtle

########
Rank: 6
Score: 24.98984
Retrieved Text: In three novels from the era of Restoration Drama, the characterization of the male figure can be broken into either the sophisticated gentleman or the unsophisticated country rube. The three novels in question are The Country Wife, The Way of the World, and The Rover.
In The Way of the World (1700) by William Congreve, the character of Mirabell is the very manifestation of those traits that set the sophisticated gentleman apart from his peers: Mirabell is all but a pauper, but he is extremely blessed in terms of cunning and wit. Mirabell’s sophistication is not reliant on finances, however, and he is both savvy to the workings of his society and how he can manipulate his position within this society: While it is evident that Congreve is asking the reader to accept the love that Mirabell professes for Millamant, one does have to pause and question whether he would be quite so passionate about her were she not so extremely wealthy. Through his treatment of Millamant and Lady Wishfort, Mirabell manages to eventually convince the community of his “birthright” to both Millamant and her fortunes – The reader is convinced that a character as radiant and as motivated as Mirabell should possess fame, fortune, and high society. In contrast, the character of Sir Wilfull Witwoud is presented to demonstrate exactly how passionate and intelligent Mirabell really is: Despite his title, Sir Wilfull Witwoud is the stereotypical image of the “country bumpkin” in this novel, where this character utterly lacks the sophistication that would mark him as

########
Rank: 7
Score: 24.822786
Retrieved Text: VARIOUS TEXTS: HOW DO YOU SPOT A MODERN GENTLEMAN?
How do you spot a modern gentleman?
It’s not easy, because they never show off. But you can trace a line back to the English version of a century ago.
In 1912, Country Life wrote that “few words come to convey so beautiful a meaning as that of ‘Gentleman’.” But what was that meaning and — with the world changing faster than a baton handover* in an Olympic relay* — is it possible to have a defining picture of a gentleman in 2012?
There is little difficulty conjuring up* an image of the historic English gentleman. At their finest, this happy band of amateurs invented sports and country pastimes that are now copied all over the world, from football and cricket to fly fishing and driven shooting*. They collected, read, travelled the world and forged defining codes of behaviour. It is their exploits* that are celebrated in a new book published by Country Life.
Being a gentleman takes much more than merely dressing the part: knowing which horse to back in the 3.15 at Sandown, which gun to take to an elephant or a duck and how to sail a model yacht — all are important for the mannered man*. Drawing on material from the magazine’s archives stretching back to the 1890s, we look at English gentleman in all their glorious diversity.
In 1900, the new fashion for tattoos among the English and European aristocracy (partridges* seemed to be very popular on the tummy) caught on. The discomfort of the process was eased

########
Rank: 8
Score: 24.772066
Retrieved Text: Mother： Tell me about Michael.
Mary： But I'm leaving now, Mom.
Mother： Come on, Mary. You must tell me everything about him.
Mary： Well, he's very tall and handsome.
Mary： ... he has big blue eyes and long blond hair.
Mary： Down to his shoulders. It's beautiful, like gold.
Mother： OK, OK. You'd better tell me what he does, honey.
Mary： He does many things. He's a very creative painter. And his paintings sell well.
Mary： He also gives free English lessons to people in the neighborhood.
He's quite a patient teacher.
Mary： You're going to like him. Everybody says he's a nice guy.
Mother： I hope I will. Where does he live?
Mary： He has a small apartment on the 88th Street. Don't worry, Mom.
I'm not going to marry him tomorrow.
'Yes, I have one son,' the woman answered.
'No,:he's never touched a cigarette.' the woman replied.
'That's good, ' the man continued. 'I don't smoke either. Tobacco is very bad to one's health. And does your son drink wine?
'He's six months old today. But he'll grow upto be a gentleman,' the woman replied proudly.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 24.764917
Retrieved Text: It seems like Donald Trump might not know who the leader of North Korea is.
In an interview that aired on Fox and Friends Tuesday morning, which Donald Trump surprisingly wasn't live-tweeting himself, the president answered questions about the current situation with North Korea.
Not only does Donald Trump not know what the plan is, it's also possible he doesn't know who is in charge over there.
Trump said that two of his predecessors, Bill Clinton and Barack Obama, have "all been outplayed by this gentleman."
"This gentleman" likely refers to the current dictator Kim Jong-Un, who has been in charge since the 2011 death of his father, Kim Jong Il. Bill Clinton, who was president from 1993-2000, was outsmarted by "this gentleman's" father, who is a different person.
People would like the President of the United States to be more specific when discussing foreign adversaries, or at least do a little more research.
If his threatening tweets are any indication, it looks like he'll sure find out who's in charge.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 24.713768
Retrieved Text: Does anyone have any suggestions why a family of crofters/fishermen would have left Torrisdale/Saddell in Argylshire between 1861-5 and moved to Helensburgh to become gardeners? Is it more likely they were driven off their land in Argyll (not sure whether the clearances were still happening then, or if this is completely the wrong time and place), or enticed by opportunities of some kind in Helensburgh? Any opinions or feedback would be much appreciated.
Robert, crofters had no security of tenure until the crofting acts of the 1880s, doesn't mean eviction was what happened here. Helensburgh was a developing town with steamer & rail connections, big villas built by wealthy Glasgow folk who obviously needed staff. Sounds an easier life than crofting, (we who live in the shadow of the wealthy!!!) maybe a son obtained a post and the family followed.
Yes. Be very careful of falling into the trap of thinking all folk who left the Highlands and Islands were evicted by heartless landlords. It did happen, but many went to the towns or the new coastal villages of their own accord. Crofting could be a very precarious way of making a living. Exactly the same was happening in the lowlands. There was as much emigration from the Scottish lowlands as from the Highlands.
From what I can make out the father became a gardener and most of the sons became painters and decorators, though the youngest son (14 in 1871) is an apprentice watchmaker. Is it likely the family moved because they had a certain amount of confidence

########
Rank: 11
Score: 24.649704
Retrieved Text: Shelf Awareness: Witchmark, C.L. Polk’s debut, introduces a magically infused world reminiscent of early 20th-century England, with gas-lit rooms, cloaks and carriages.
Dr. Miles Singer has created a life for himself mostly devoid of magic. Having fled his powerful family as a young man, he joined the Aeland army, went to war against the Laneeri, and now works in a veterans’ hospital. But in a world where most witches are sent to asylums, supposedly for their own safety, Miles must be careful about how–and where–he uses his magical gifts. When a handsome gentleman brings a poisoned journalist into the hospital for treatment, this careful balancing act becomes increasingly hard to maintain–especially as his feelings for the gentleman evolve. And when his sister, a member of the elite magical class, shows up on his doorstep, he is drawn right back into the world he fled so long ago.
Discover: A debut fantasy novel introduces a gas-lit world where most witches are banished to asylums–unless they are of the wealthy ruling class.
Review: Temper by Nicky Drayden Congratulations to Jim Butcher!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 24.460749
Retrieved Text: Herbert George Wells (1866 — 1946) was an English writer. He was prolific in many genres, writing dozens of novels, short stories, and works of social commentary, but he is now best remembered for his science fiction novels. "Kipps: The Story of a Simple Soul" is a satirical social novel about a young man, Artie Kipps. Orphaned at an early age, raised by his aunt and uncle, and apprenticed for seven years to a draper, he is stunned to discover upon reading a newspaper advertisement that he is the grandson of a wealthy gentleman — and the inheritor of his fortune.
Herbert George Wells was an English writer. He was prolific in many genres, writing dozens of novels, short stories, and works of social commentary, but he is now best remembered for his science fiction novels. "Kipps: The Story of a Simple Soul" is a satirical social novel about a young man, Artie Kipps. Orphaned at an early age, raised by his aunt and uncle, and apprenticed for seven years to a draper, he is stunned to discover upon reading a newspaper advertisement that he is the grandson of a wealthy gentleman - and the inheritor of his fortune.
Heart Breathings is a fitting title for a book where words are only the vessel that somehow endeavors to hold, and show forth, the breathings of the spirit that is not flesh. There is a frustration when yearnings beyond words find themselves clothed in the only medium that can cause them to be tangible to others. These poems are

########
Rank: 13
Score: 24.355083
Retrieved Text: \r\nI think that\'s it. SARVI - Did I miss anything?
Of course he is a gentleman but you let a 20+ man with a young family to support pay for your food and drinks? I thought your dil was vishal? You entertain hundred plus at parties ... how does that work?
I am sure you will extend the same hospitality if he was visiting you.
\nNo one really visits where I live.
\nYe bhi koi puchne waali baat hai?
we have full fledged threads of my compilations about AAP. We\'d have required much more time for that.
Met with sgars pai today in apna gaon.. he was visiting for some work, texted to see if we could meet up, it was within 5 minutes walk of my workplace.. just a quick meeting before he had to head out to catch the evening flight back home.
What about beer and room and other small talk ? WHere are details ? What were you wearing ? What color ?
Nice! how come no one visit where I live?
\nand, I will give there the very funny, a typical maarwaari kind of, a kanjoos desi commentary,.. like this guy ? How about that? Done?
\r\nHad a beer with kali pai .. Discussed about our ec journeys and timepass ..
\nWhy at an Indian restaurant in a small town?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 24.270601
Retrieved Text: Pip is sent to London in these chapters. He believes he will finally become a gentleman worthy of Estella. When he gets there London is far from what he had expected. He thinks it “rather ugly, crooked, narrow, and dirty.” Pip expects the city to make all his problems go away. He believes it will make him a gentlemen, become rich, move up in social class, and be worthy of Estella. When he gets there none of this happens, but Pip has money and still his problems are not solved. I believe Dickens is trying to get across the theme that money can’t buy happiness, and I agree even if Pip had all the money in the world it still wouldn’t solve his problems.
I agree. Hopefully, in the next few chapters Pip will realize that money isn’t the answer to all of his problems.
Throughout these chapters it is Pip’s first time in London and I believe that it is nothing like he expected. Pip expected all of his problems to go away while he was in London and expected his life to become completely better than before. However once he gets there he realizes London isn’t as perfect as he thought. For example, when he first arrives at Mr. Jaggers’ office he sees how it is dark and dreary and most definitely not what Pip expected. The text states,”I sat down in the cliental chair placed over against Mr. Jaggers’s chair, and became fascinated by the dismal atmosphere of the place.” Pip was shocked at how

########
Rank: 15
Score: 24.265135
Retrieved Text: I have never seen Mr Patel without his long beard and flying locks. He flaunts them like a teenage girl. His hair is sort of a patchwork alternating with patches of grey and black. I suppose it never occurred to him to dye his hair. He just accepted it as one accepts the sun and the moon.
I don’t think he’ll outgrow it even if it’s time to lay him in his coffin. He is a happy combination of man and child. No man could dare to live his life as he does and no child can take tasks he takes on.
Even today his eyes twinkle with the same spirit that must have made his mother smile, the first time she held him. And they’ll twinkle with the same spirit as long as he has gardens to mend and a story to tell.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 24.170036
Retrieved Text: DatingAdvice Forum | dating a man with a very limited income!
dating a man with a very limited income!
I am a 60 yr old attractive woman who has been dating for about 3 months. I have met 2 very nice men, also 60 yrs old, who I have a mutual attraction and chemistry with. Here is the problem: gentleman #1 is on disability income due to severe type 1 diabetes and the complications that go along with, including E.D. He has very little income and not a bright future, but he treats me like a queen.
Gentleman #2 : currently unemployed, applied for disability due to health problems, is financially broke, but also is very attracted to me and attentive.
Both men are kind and gentle. I am so torn. I don’t know if I should move on or stay and tough it out. I am not wealthy, but do own my own home. I know futures with either of these men will not be easy. I haven’t found another man on line that has been as honest, loving, and kind as these two.
Any advice? Any women out there been in my shoes? Please help me make a wise, unemotional choice.
Well, forgive me for not being a woman, but I think you’re focusing too much on their money. You should chose the one you like best because of who they are and not because of their income. That’s what I would do.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 24.051529
Retrieved Text: Well, the obvious answer is that a respectable Regency gentleman has no need of a career. Indeed, some would say that the mark of a gentleman is that he never appears to be engaged in the act of supporting himself and his family. Rumour has it that Lord Wellington, in particular, is somewhat suspicious of any officers under his command who seem to need their salary.
However, this discussion really does require more analysis and nuance. Firstly, we must elaborate on what we mean by a ‘career’ and, secondly, what we mean by ‘gentlemen’.
A career, for our present purposes, will be taken to mean a course of gainful employment of some duration. Now, a gentleman may be self-sufficient, but if he is possessed of particular intelligence or of a character which requires vigour and action, then he may well desire a career of some kind. Lord Wellington may prefer his officers not to want their payment, but one can safely assume that he still wants to have officers.
Though for something that is meant to represent civility, the definition of a ‘gentleman’ is a notorious beast to pin down. Some would have it all be about money and standing, whereas others insist it is matter of behaviour, manners and character. While personal preference leans strongly in favour of the latter definition, in order to better reflect upon societal attitudes, familial wealth and position will have to be taken into consideration. Therefore, a gentleman will be a man who either a). comes from a ‘good’ family or b). wishes

########
Rank: 18
Score: 23.975807
Retrieved Text: Audit the IRS Rally Collage by Mary W.
Our very Conscientious Member, Mary W. has created this photo Collage of our Audit the IRS Rally.
best known for his heroic ride for independence in 1776, played an active and important role in Delaware politics for over twenty-five years. A wealthy gentleman farmer from Kent County, he held many political and governmental offices beginning in 1755.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 23.948294
Retrieved Text: After waking up to This Article I’d say its time for us all to do some serious worrying about the state this nation has fallen into as of late. Yes we all know, the price of oil is outrageous, and the cost of food is double what it was a year ago, this is no secret. Unfortunately this means a steep decline in what is being donated to charity, and its almost always the poor that are in most need of help. Lets face it, it’s not the wealthy that are most likely to donate to those less fortunate, but the ones that are barely getting by themselves, and know where one unforeseen event could leave them.
I don’t think I need to remind anyone that the gap between rich and poor is getting wider and wider in this country. I know very well what it means to try to get by on little of nothing, and it is getting harder and harder with each passing week. The government and corporations seem out of touch with reality and only interested in self-preservation. This is part of the reason I hate discussing politics so badly, I don’t believe any of the presidential candidates are in it for the right reasons. If you want my faith back in the governmental system, put a poor boy in office, and get rid of the career politicians.
Is love only for the young?
When I first read This story I couldn’t help but in a way be reminded of the days my grandmother spent

########
Rank: 20
Score: 23.851511
Retrieved Text: This week for Magic Mondays we bring you a magic trick that is sure to make audiences fall flat on their faces.
This week we show you the Pocket Staff array.
Notation: Create, if no Iron is present, Wood in the shape of a pillar with a diameter equal to the array’s and with a length thirty times the array’s diameter.
Description: This is a very simple array that just creates a rod of wood if there is no iron present. Simply, easy, straightforward… and utterly useless unless you know how it is to be used. Like most arrays, the ingenuity in the design of the array is only expressed once you marry the magic to the machine. Arrays are powerful, yes, but with the simplest of technologies they become something special.
Runists are rarely creative and imaginative people and the name of an array always points towards its intended use. “Pocket Staff” then should tell you plenty. Clearly, the array creates the staff, but where does the pocket come into the equation? Well from a pocket watch of course!
In the Runed Age, this array first gained fame in Middelburg shortly after the grand old clocks were reduced down to small watches on chains that a gentleman could keep in his pocket. So not too long ago. Of course, being a gentleman with enough money to buy and maintain a pocket watch, he would go to soirées and parties and get-togethers with other likeminded and wealthy individuals… who always have enemies. Unfortunately, getting a weapon into into of these elegant

########
Rank: 21
Score: 23.694754
Retrieved Text: While at the CICM ASM in Sydney I was introduced to a gentleman named Wisam Al-Basaam and he had a story to tell. When I say gentleman I really mean gentleman. Wisam is a consultant intensivist at the Austin Hospital. That is a pretty good job. It’s a very good hospital and most of us would be very happy to get a gig there. For Wisam the road to the Austin was serpentine, three countries, three systems, war, death, terror, trauma, uncertainty, adversity, hard work and ultimately a new start.
Wesam didn’t think of his story as exceptional. Unfortunately he is correct. But that doesn’t stop him being a hero. A role model.
Thank you also to Rahim Alhaj and Amjad Ali Khan, playing the aptly named Common Destination from their album Ancient Sounds. You can find that on iTunes. I found it on Soundcloud where you can find all the jellybeans arranged in playlists based on themes. This Jellybean is in the War, Terror and Catastrophe playlist, a playlist I would rather not exist. But it does exist. War is happening. People are being raped. People are dying.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.550022
Retrieved Text: MR VKIiVH ATTACKS THE GOVERNMENT. (From Our Barli amun: ahv Reporter.] WELLINGTON. Urtober 29. Severe eniinient mi the Governments attitude towards Labor was made by Mr Vc-iteh in Ihe House yesterday afternoon. Mr Massrv, he said,, was absolutely out of p.uetv with labor conditions ru New Zen fan./, and had u»t given that .<t;rnjiatbetie I’i.iisi Jeratum to Labiur to wbeb it was emilb’d. No member of the Miniol ry had any bond of sympathy or close a** 1 eiatfon with m-gainsed l.ubor. The wh’Ve of th" pi In y of the Government was '-nprseil to organised Labor. He. felt sure that, what he said was the opinion of a very large number of the working Gasses in New Z+‘a!iuul. .V Member : Red Feds.
Mr Veiti !i : Rod Feds! The lion, member thinks that anyone who wants an increase in wages is a Bed Fed, and tho member ter Batea wouldn't allow them to be on ihe fare of the earth unless they would work for him. The hon. gentleman never loses a ehauee to insult the workers. Mr Pearce ; The workers have voted for me in the past, and will do so again.
Mr Yeiii'h ; There are many men in this country who are wealthy because they have not suliiGent cmiscieiue to keep them pour, and there are many men poor bei-aus:' they have l©o much conscience to make them wealthy. It is the people who have too much cmscience to enable them to be’iiut? wealthy that 1 am supnor ting: at the present

########
Rank: 23
Score: 23.545683
Retrieved Text: Here’s a Guest Blog from my friend Phillis Ballew. She wrote A Western Gentleman when she lived in Arizona. It was originally published in the Prescott Courier in 1989. Thank you to Phillis and the Prescott Courier for permission to post this in my blog.
My Dad always had his Stetson – his good one and the one that was badly stained around the band from his sweat and the dust. But he always put on his good one when he went to town.
Thursday, crossing the street from the post office, I saw him coming toward me – the elderly gentleman in the Stetson. His eyes found mine and I was inclined to look away, but as we met his hand went to the brim of his hat and just touched it for the smallest moment – it was that most western of acknowledgements – a long ago act of respect – one I’d seen my Dad make so often. And I felt like a lady.
This entry was posted in Horses, Kids' stories, Ponies, Uncategorized, Writers, writing. Bookmark the permalink.
I love this story about the Western Gentleman and his Stetson. I think it was 2003 when my husband and I went to his uncle’s funeral in Idalou, Texas. Not only did family members fill the center of the church but the men came in their Sunday best Stetsons. Uncle John was buried with his in the casket.
Ah, yes, what memories of the West!
Loved it! Reminds me of all the old ranchers we know. Thanks for sharing!
Thank you,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 23.422028
Retrieved Text: Once there was a tailor who was asked to make a suit for a wealthy gentleman. When the suit was completed the gentleman was delighted with it and told the tailor he could keep the fabric that was left over.
So he took his measuring tape and he measured and he cut, and he measured and he cut, and he measured and he cut, then he threaded his needle and sewed and he sewed until he had made himself a rather nice waistcoat.
He wore it here, he wore it there, he wore it everywhere.
For days and months and weeks until it started to wear out.
So he took his measuring tape and he measured and he cut, and he measured and he cut, and he measured and he cut, then he threaded his needle and sewed and he sewed until he had made himself a rather nice little bow tie.
So he took his measuring tape and he measured and he cut, and he measured and he cut then he threaded his needle and sewed and he sewed until he had made himself a rather nice little button.
So what is a Bridie…?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 23.39783
Retrieved Text: The Respected Gentleman (real name: David Maloney) is a retired chartered accountant and a very well-respected individual living in Cumbria, in the north of England.
He was first called by a chap in Oklahoma in 2012 and has since gotten calls from people in America (and various places in the world) who think he's made a call to them. He has tried explaining the situation to the British Telecom service, but they seem not to be able to do anything about it at all.
As of December 9, 2012, the Respected Gentleman is aware of the Soundboard Prank Calling Community having been informed of the YouTube series by an anonymous source. His understanding of the calls, however, appears to be limited. He still appears to be unaware of the use of soundboards, and believes that he is being conference called.
Ever since the Respected Gentleman became a new favourite of the Soundboard Prank Calling Community, video parodies and songs have appeared online, including the Chasing the Brendan - Respected Gentleman Rap which he got to hear in a call made to him.
Soundboard related reviews of his hotel, have also surfaced in many hotel review internet websites, but since most of these websites actually send the reviews to the regarding hotel manager, after reading them, the Respected Gentleman quickly asks for them to be deleted, so they most likely disappear after a few days.
Legitimate reviews by real guests, however, consistently state that the Respected Gentleman is "very rude" in person and can't be bothered to do anything, when asked.
As of

########
Rank: 26
Score: 23.375244
Retrieved Text: descriptions of Pip's encounters with Magwitch the convict.
The two chapters have key differences and important similarities.
Pip feels alone and scared and is 'beginning to cry'.
he does in chapter 1.
and her husband on the country marshes.
Pip without warning and begins to interrogate him.
times meant a man who wasn't a gentleman.
your name!' and 'Show us where you live!'.
cooperates with him and agrees to everything the man asks of him.
795 words - 3 pages sister who beats him.In conclusion the time difference when they were wrote is a mayjor factor in many of the differences but they both have very different writing styles which is a mayjor factor in the differences between them. G.E is written as if someone is looking back on events that have passed , were as in CATR it is like a big one sided conversation. So there are both differences and similarities in these two great books.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 23.286182
Retrieved Text: All I can say is WOW! When Dr. Caldwell asked me if I still had interest in going on the Colombia Medical Missions trip it was an easy, YES! I had always wanted to do something like this, but never knew where to go or how it all actually worked. Although, when starting this journey I had no idea what to expect, my friends have done medical missions trips in Africa and when I told them I was heading to Colombia they told me that it will be life changing; and boy, were they right!
On Wednesday an older gentleman came to us with an open wound that needed some debriding, the proper ointments and bandages, and a little TLC and it should heal up just fine. The gentleman, who later told us his name was Fabio, said he had been a very healthy man all his life until now. We told him we would be able to clean up the wound and get it bandaged, but we would need to use a little local anesthetic. He said he would like it done, but he was just so nervous and kept telling us over and over again how nervous he was. Dr. Nick then asked him, "How did you live this long if you are so nervous?" The gentleman replied, "Because The Lord is my best friend. He is always with me and I pray every minute of everyday. I love The Lord." I instantly had tears in my eyes. The sweetest man; all he wants is

########
Rank: 28
Score: 23.242018
Retrieved Text: Ivan Sergeyevich Turgenev was born into a wealthy family of the Russian aristocracy in Oryol, Russia, on 28 October 1818. His father, Sergei Nikolaevich Turgenev, a colonel in the Imperial Russian Cavalry, was a chronic philanderer. Ivan’s mother, Varvara Petrovna Lutovinova, was a wealthy heiress, who had endured an unhappy childhood and suffered in her marriage – possibly the cause of her being tyrannical and abusive.
After the standard schooling for a son of a gentleman, Turgenev studied for one year at the University of Moscow and then moved to the University of Saint Petersburg, focusing on Classics, Russian literature, and philology. In 1838 he went to Germany to attend the University of Berlin where he studied philosophy and history. During his studies in Berlin, Turgenev had became convinced of the need for the Westernization of Russia. Lacking the interest in religious issues like his two great compatriots, Dostoevsky and Tolstoy, he represented the social side of the reform movement.
In 1841 Turgenev started his career in the Russian civil service. For a short time, he worked for the Ministry of the Interior. However, after the success of two of his story-poems, Turgenev devoted himself to literature, country pursuits, and travel. For the rest of his life, he had a relationship with the opera singer Pauline Garcia Viardot, living near her, or at times with, her and her husband.
ONE day, in autumn, on my way home from the distant fields, I caught cold, and was taken ill. Fortunately, the fever overtook me in the county-town, in the hotel.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 23.16425
Retrieved Text: That’s what God’s standard is for the believer – "that ye sin not." There are folks who claim to live sinless lives, and they are often very ready to tell you so.
Like the boy who draws a caricature of some kind and then writes underneath it, "This is a horse." Without the explanation you’d never know it. I think of that when I hear a professing believer claim that he or she is living a sinless life. If it were so, everyone would know it immediately; you would not need to tell it. God knows we don’t live without sinning, but He does not lower His standard because we don’t live up to it. He wants us, with His help, to aim at sinlessness; and so He set us an example in the perfect life of Christ. Christ is our pattern.
When I was a boy, my father one day gave me a piece of lumber and told me to saw twenty pieces just like that one. But, boylike, I dropped the sample piece he had given me, and cut each next piece by the one sawed previously. When I got through with the twenty pieces, the last piece was about two inches longer that the first.
Use others for your pattern, and you will get further and further away from your goal. Perfection is found only in Christ.
The story is told of a gentleman who walked into a large museum, where someone was painting a copy of one of those world famous paintings hung there for exhibition.

================



======= Instance Index 40 =========
Input Text: A good habit each morning is eating breakfast, but not too much, because then I'd be guilty of what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- starving
- heartburn
- gas
- overeating
- being satisfied

Target Text: overeating

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 45.667946
Retrieved Text: I've just started the long road to losing 68 pounds. I'm coming out of a divorce and though I've spent 3 months exercising, I've gained 7 pounds although my clothes fit way better these days. I realized the only way I will actually lose weight is by writing down everything I eat. Since yesterday, I realized that I snack all day long and had no idea. I recognize that I'm emotional eater but am finding it hard to stop because snacking is fun. Guess I'm writing for support and to keep myself accountable so that I don't start grazing on the pretzels.
Maybe it would help if you track every single thing. At least you will know how many calories your snacking habit is bringing to your diet.
I have the same problem. I end up not eating meals when I know it's a day full of snacks - and then try to control the number of calories as I see them start to accumulate in the log.
Lately, I've been thinking of really trying to acquire a tea habit. At least then I'd have hot tea to drink all day and keep myself in consuming mode without too many calories. I found a lot of different teas when I was recently cleaning out my kitchen cupboards. That would help me 'drink more water' too.
After a divorce, it's tough. But you can do this.
no kidding! that is exactly my habit too. it is as though nothing else calms me down. I wonder what needs to happen differently.
Exactly, snacking calms

########
Rank: 1
Score: 43.996597
Retrieved Text: 1. Sit down and create a list of breakfast foods that you like. Then go out and buy them and keep them stocked in your kitchen.
2. Stop eating food at 5:00PM each day. That way when morning comes you are hungry enough to eat something.
3. Write down the benefits that come with eating breakfast and then post them somewhere that you will be able to see them when you get up in the morning.
4. Make a habit out of going to the kitchen and looking at the food that is there. You don’t have eat anything at first. Just be aware that some good foods are stocked in your kitchen.
5. Start small. Cut an orange into segments and eat one segment per day.
6. Increase this until your body actually starts looking forward to having that orange every day.
7. Don’t skip any days once you start eating. You may revert back to your old habit of not eating breakfast.
8. Create a breakfast trigger. For example, as soon as you finish your first cup of coffee, then make something for breakfast.
9. Increase the amount of food until you are having a full, healthy breakfast.
10. Write down any benefits you notice from eating breakfast.
When you want to be successful, you have to prioritize. This often means that some things get overlooked and unfortunately, sometimes they are things that you don’t want to overlook. But you have to make sacrifices if you want to achieve your goals and that means deciding what is most important, and working on it first

########
Rank: 2
Score: 42.867474
Retrieved Text: I am what you would call, a creature of habit. If you come to my house on any day of the week, you’ll find me eating pretty much the same breakfast, at pretty much the same time. I love my coffee with lots of milk first thing, then I work for a little bit until I get hungry, and then it’s always oats + dairy. I never get bored because I’m constantly trying new fruits and flavors to mix in. I make hot oatmeal in the winter, but whenever it’s warm – or if I just know I’m going to be too busy to make it in the morning, I love overnight oats.
It’s my go-to breakfast because it’s easy, filling, and healthy. Oats are pure whole grain goodness with lots of cholesterol and blood sugar lowering fiber. And the 1% low-fat milk I use to make my oats, plus the fat free Greek yogurt I always mix in give me the twenty grams of lean protein I aim for each morning, to keep me full and fueled until well into the afternoon. Did you think I’d forget about the good dose of calcium, D and other minerals in that dairy too? Not a chance!
So when Quaker Oats and the National Dairy Council challenged members of the Recipe ReDux to share our favorite ways to eat the powerful combination of oats and dairy – well let’s just say, this one was a no-brainer for me.
One of my favorite oat and dairy combos is a twist on Morning

########
Rank: 3
Score: 41.872902
Retrieved Text: I just finished a piece on cravings for the Sam’s Club newsletter that will be coming out in June, and here’s what I learned while doing the research for it: Sugar is a recreational drug. And now I’m going to prove it.
Pretty much everybody trained in medicine and related professions knows about the CAGE questionnaire. The CAGE questionnaire is a way to determine if someone may have a drinking problem. It’s not yes or no, all or nothing, but it is suggestive, and the more questions you answer as “yes,” the more likely it is that you have a problem with alcohol. This questionnaire has been validated thousands of times, and there is little or no question about its usefulness.
.Have you ever felt you should cut down on your drinking?
.Have you ever felt angry at someone for suggesting you may be drinking too much?
.Have you ever felt guilty about how much you are drinking?
.Have you ever felt the need for a drink first thing in the morning (eye–opener) to help get you moving?
Now let’s talk about sugar. If sugar is a recreational drug, then we should be able to apply these same questions to our intake of candy, sweet cereals, soda, muffins, cookies, cake, pie, and so forth. So let’s see what that looks like.
Have you ever felt that you should cut down your sugar intake? If we’re really being honest with ourselves, then we’ll say this: who hasn’t?
Have you ever felt angry at someone for suggesting you’re eating too much sugar? Like, has anyone ever

########
Rank: 4
Score: 40.498512
Retrieved Text: What nutrition tricks or unwritten rules do you have to help you stay lean even if you're not on a strict diet?
Prepare the workweek's meals on Sunday. Simply planning ahead helps you eat healthier, more wholesome food. And knowing I'll be eating appropriately during the workday gives me the license to loosen up a bit on the weekend.
Sprout and roast my own almonds. Sprout them by soaking raw almonds overnight in water. Roast them by lightly coating a baking sheet with coconut oil, evenly distributing the almonds and adding sea salt. Bake at 275 degrees for a few hours.
Some studies suggest people who consume nuts maintain a more favorable body composition regardless of the additional calories. I believe it has something to do with the fiber, healthy fat, and ability to curb hunger and manage blood sugar.
1 – Pick your battles.
You've heard that phrase before. It means save your fight for things that REALLY matter. I feel the same about indulgences. Save your calories and carbs for things that'll mean more to you, instead of eating junk habitually.
My husband and I put this into practice even more when eating out. We avoid stuff that's been battered and fried, we never order desserts, and we never have bread brought to our table. Why? Because those are things we don't care about. To us, the calories aren't worth the pleasure.
2 – If I'm going to have sugar at all, it better give me a buzz.
I don't recommend this strategy for most people, especially those who drink a lot

########
Rank: 5
Score: 39.84397
Retrieved Text: In the next 21 days, make a comittment to this habit change challenge.
Every year my friend Jimmy sends me this poem.
I am easily managed— you must merely be firm with me.
few lessons I will do it automatically.
You likely have some good habits (rising early, reading books, focusing on your number one priority first thing in the morning), but you also have some bad habits (such as biting your nails, drinking too much, or other vices robbing you of your best self).
If you want to fix your bad habits or add new good ones, today is a great day to start. Every Monday, and every first day of the month, gives you the momentum and motivation you need to change.
No mindless surfing on the Internet.
Limiting your Facebook time to one session of 20 minutes per day.
Not checking email before 9 a.m.
Going to bed before midnight.
Eating an apple a day.
Using my bodyweight exercise videos for 4 minutes in the morning.
Contacting one new person every day.
Making one additional sales call each morning.
Committing to giving a big public presentation in just 3 weeks.
Writing 1000 words every morning.
There are so many small habits you could change that would make a BIG impact on your life. But choose just ONE. Don’t overwhelm yourself. Stay focused.
To accomplish any habit change, you need a plan. But here’s the trick. While most plans focus on what TO do, they often neglect what NOT to do. And that’s a big problem. After all, smart people, like you, already know that you should eat right and exercise

########
Rank: 6
Score: 39.508816
Retrieved Text: When you develop and maintain healthy eating habits, you’ll look trim. You’ll look beautiful and confident, and you’ll be happy. Your body will be energized and it will function well.
Healthy eating habits will help you prevent illness and disease. You’ll have a better chance of living a long, lively and healthier life.
They are habits many people apply daily in their lives, and they enjoy the many benefits.
My husband and I are also applying the eating habits daily, and they make us feel good, healthy and great.
We’ve written about them below. We believe that if you develop and continue with these habits, you’ll maintain a healthier body. You’ll also be able to enjoy a lively life.
Now, let’s talk about the habits.
Go through your cupboard, refrigerator and any other place you store food. Do you see any food items that are not healthy for you? If you do, then get rid of them.
These include foods such as cookies, cakes, chips, sodas, crackers, high fat ice creams, etc.
If you don’t have them in your home, then don’t bring them there. Why? Because if they are not in your home, you won’t crave for them.
If however, you find yourself in a situation in which you can’t help eating such foods, then keep and eat just a little. But don’t make it a habit. There are many healthy alternatives you can chose from.
will help you track your success.
If you go to a restaurant and you are served a lot of food, don’t be tempted to clean your plate. You can forgo

########
Rank: 7
Score: 39.405865
Retrieved Text: ← “I want it, I want it!!!” But Should You Have It?
Hi Ellie, I thought I would check out your blogs. Really enjoyed reading this and I think you give some very valid points. I’m never very hungry on a morning but these days I make myself eat because I know it makes such a difference to how I feel for the rest of the day. If I’ve eaten, then I feel much more refreshed, less tired, less likely to suffer headaches and generally much happier. Thanks for a great blog!
Thanks for your comment and I can certainly empathize. There was a time when I was younger, I claimed I was too busy for breakfast or didn’t want to eat because it made me hungrier.
American and Canadian breakfast is very rich. It is a good advice to which I was never able to stick. I’ ve been always told I should have breakfast, but I am 60 now, and I don’t think it will become a habit.
I am so glad reading how much other people benefit from a good breakfast.
I belong to those who have more energy not eating breakfast, it’s just such an individual feature. If I want to get lots done, I eat hardly anything, it’s just the way I am.
I love, however, seeing such a wonderful meal, I believe if there was somebody who makes it for me, I’d go for it.
Love the message on your blog! I have never been a breakfast person but being reminded of the benefits makes me eat

########
Rank: 8
Score: 39.279816
Retrieved Text: To go along with my new goal to wake up each morning between 5:00 and 5:30, I will be making breakfast again. I don’t think I had a single week in 2014 that I cooked breakfast more than once or twice. This year, I am hoping to do better. The thing is that I run out of ideas really quickly and I don’t want to eat scrambled eggs every single day! I have taken a stroll through the internet (mostly Pinterest) to accumulate some new ideas for breakfast. If you have any ideas to share with me, I would LOVE that!
Beignets -pronounced Bin-Yays in my Southern Oklahoma accent.
This last one will probably have to be a special occasion breakfast, because I know I am not going to be frying up a bunch of French donuts at 5:00 am and then go to work with my house smelling like grease! My husbee loves New Orleans and everything that goes along with it- especially Cafe du Monde and their beignets! He would probably finish any honey-do tasks I threw at him if I made these beignets.
Please wish me luck in all of my waking-up-early-and-cooking-breakfast madness. I’m probably going to need it to get my “I’m-not-going-to-eat-that” 4-year-old to actually eat the breakfast I make for her!
I don’t really do New Year’s Resolutions. But I do set goals. The only goal I have set for myself in the near future is to get up earlier. I have gotten in a really bad habit of pushing “snooze” on my alarm clock

########
Rank: 9
Score: 39.061535
Retrieved Text: Resources for Healthy Lifestyle: What to Eat for Breakfast?
Here's a helpful article on "What to Eat for Breakfast?"
"What to Eat for Breakfast?"
I'm sure in childhood you heard it said many times that the most important meal of the day is breakfast. It's a very true statement. A lot of people tend to skip breakfast and it's not a good idea.
Even though you may lead a busy life and may be in a rush in the mornings it's vital to leave enough time for a healthy breakfast. Maybe that's why so many people are cranky in the morning. They haven't eaten a good breakfast so their blood sugar has dropped leaving them hungry and irritable.
There again there's also a lot of people who eat breakfast but eat the wrong type of stuff, sugary food or donuts. This isn't a good idea. A sugary breakfast isn't healthy. It may give you a sugar rush and a much needed boost of energy but it's not enough to set you up for the day ahead. Maybe too, this is why people have a habit of drinking a lot of coffee. They need the jolt of energy from the caffeine to wake them up and get them going for the day.
Do you ever feel sleepy or sluggish during the day? Or find it hard to get wakened up properly in the morning? This is because you're probably eating an unhealthy breakfast or no breakfast at all. It's vital to realise how important breakfast is. You should have a good substantial breakfast

########
Rank: 10
Score: 39.05687
Retrieved Text: Would you rather have a heavy breakfast? Or a heavy lunch?
Some people prefer to eat more on breakfast to start the day while there are some who would rather eat during lunch and start the day without eating anything in the morning.
Breakfast should always be heavy and rich in protein and I think as the day progresses the food should be lighter and lighter only. If you check the entire nature, every other creatures focus on their breakfast right from the morning. There is a significance to it. First of all you are breaking the fasting of overnight and in that sense only it is known as breakfast and it has great impact to the body as well.
Science and research also says that breakfast should always be heavier and should be organic and should be rich in protein, if you want to bring some taste you can alter a little bit but both nutrition wise and quantity wise it should be heavy because in the morning if you are taking proper breakfast it gets absorbed in the body very quickly and he power of digestion is also at its peak during morning time, that is why everything will be balanced if you are taking proper breakfast at proper time.
If you want to take lunch heavy as compared to breakfast you can do so but it will not be that effective as breakfast and in the evening or night either do not take food or if you are taking. then make it lighter otherwise it will add

########
Rank: 11
Score: 39.05212
Retrieved Text: Many of us are accused of either being blinkered or viewing WLS life through rose-tinted glasses but most of us do reflect on our decisions and choices over this period between Christmas and New Year. Many, me included, make plans (big and small) that we hope will make a difference to our health, well-being, relationships and work.
It’s very tempting to jump head first into making these but I have found that stepping back and reflecting upon the choices I plan to make and then implement makes all the difference. So too does Bariatric Dietitian Kristin and here she explains why … makes great sense … regardless of whether you’re already on the loser’s bench or plan to be.
GUEST FEATURE: The dawn of a New Year Year is always an exciting time. There’s a sense of renewal and fresh possibilities on the horizon. For many people, the New Year signals a clean slate and a chance to develop new goals.
I want to challenge you to take it one step further and identify what habits are going to get you there.
Habits are the stepping stones to help you achieve your goals. Without them, you would have no framework on how to accomplish your goals.
Some habits can be helpful to your health such as taking your vitamins every morning at breakfast or they may be hindering your health such as watching TV at night while eating sweets.
Building new healthful habits takes time and commitment but it can be done. Today I want to share with you some tips on

########
Rank: 12
Score: 39.044342
Retrieved Text: My wife and I started the 24 day challenge on July 8. Our motivation for going down this journey was primarily for our boy/girl twins. To sweeten the pot a bit, we both also signed up for healthywage.com for longer term motivation. We are both obese and wanted to form healthier habits in order to gain more energy but most of all to maintain these healthier habits so when the twins get to the point of eating solids, we can teach them good habits in hopes they won't have the same struggles as we have had. We didn't want a diet, we wanted a lifestyle! After hearing multiple friends having great success with Advocare, we decided to try it.
I was a frequent fast food/restaurant shopper. I'd often go to McDonalds for breakfast, go out for lunch, then have dinner at home and snack in between. I did more than my share of mindless eating and snacking. I would go out to lunch most days at work mostly because everyone else was doing it and not really eating healthy. Never really paid attention to what was going into my mouth. We don't have control over a lot of things in our lives but we do have control over what goes into our mouths!
A day before we started Advocare, we decided we would have somewhat of a "last meal". Mine was Skyline Chili. Yum!
First day of Advocare, we started the morning with the Spark (Grape and Fruit Punch are my favorites) and followed up with the Fiber Drink

########
Rank: 13
Score: 38.852493
Retrieved Text: I added something new to my diet, and breakfast REALLY became the most important meal of the day.
I get up almost every morning and pour myself some cold cereal for breakfast. I used to pour a bowl of Grape Nuts or Corn Flakes and set the box right in front of me where I could read it for 10 or 15 minutes. I could read each panel close to three times in one sitting. Eating cold cereal five days of the week meant I was reading the U.S. Recommended Daily Allowances 15 times per week or 60 times in a month!
In high school I had a difficult time getting excited about scripture reading. In my seminary class, though, daily scripture reading was required if I wanted a good grade, so I would read the scriptures﻿—for the grade. Each night, just before my eyelids were ready to close, I would remember about the “A” that I wanted in seminary and grab my scriptures from my desk. As I fell into a deep sleep, my mind would skim over the words and I never really got that much out of them.
Then I started college. Every night I was up so late I didn’t feel like I had time to read the scriptures. There were so many other things to do﻿—like sleep! But I began to feel guilty seeing them sitting on my shelf, only taking them down for church or home teaching. Besides, I could always find the time to read a good novel or go to a

########
Rank: 14
Score: 38.81714
Retrieved Text: Twelve weeks of “No Diets in the New Year” starts today!!!
12 weeks of No Diets is about making more mindful choices… Listening to our body, responding to it’s natural hunger cues, and eating what our body needs.
Throughout the holiday season I definitely did some mindless snacking/drinking… a little too much 😉 But I never beat myself up over it. I just tried to make more mindful choices the rest of the day(s). With dieting season officially in full swing (hello Taco Bell diet), I say ignore it all and work towards making small changes towards a healthier lifestyle.
Starting today, every Monday I will be posting a new non-diet tip, a nutrition goal, and a killer workout from the fabulous Jessica from How Sweet It Is! By the way… I can’t tell you how excited I am about these workouts!!! This is exactly what I’ve been looking for!!
There a couple of points I want to touch on before we get started.
Don’t view “Not Dieting” as another diet. The main premise behind “Not Dieting” is to eat when we’re hungry and get in tune with our body. If this is viewed as a diet, then cheating would be eating when we’re not hungry, or for emotional reasons. The body is very forgiving. We’re human and there will be times we eat when we’re not hungry. We should just accept it for what it is and wait until we’re hungry again to eat.
Reaching and maintaing a healthy weight is all about WHY we eat and HOW much we eat.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 38.68796
Retrieved Text: Why does every want to be “Healthy” for Thanksgiving?
The thing about nutrition is that it has to be a lifestyle-as in you should be doing little things every day for your whole life to make it work, not just one day of healthy eating. Gaining 1 lb for 3 months doesn’t really matter, but of you do this the rest of your life (say 40 more years) that’s 40 lbs gained which could increase your risk for other co-morbitites (high blood pressure, high cholesterol, heart disease, etc…) So being healthy on Thanksgiving kinda matters if you’re trying to practice good habits for your life- habits of not overeating and listening to when your body is full. Habits of not just eating because you’re bored or because the food is there. Habits of trying to fill most of your plate with vegetables. Habits on being active every day. However, you also want to foster a “habit” of having a good relationship with food and not thinking of a day of eating as enemy #1 and suiting up for battle against it. So basically what I’m trying to say is you don’t need to follow a strict set of rules about Thanksgiving day, because health is achieved throughout your life, not just what happens on 1 day.
I do believe that some people like some sort of guidelines for this celebration of food, so here are mine (which are basically the same guidelines I have for every other day of your life). Continue through the slides to read my

########
Rank: 16
Score: 38.672367
Retrieved Text: I love seeing what other people eat. Mainly because I am nosy, but also because I get ideas from other people. Also, I am really trying to get out grocery budget down and that means meal planning. Meal planning and actually meal making are two different things though, so I'm hoping posting this helps.
So this week's edition is what I ate without a kitchen. I mean, we finally got our oven and we still have a fridge (and a slow cooker, rice cooker & electric skillet) so even though we can and have been cooking things, I definitely went the easy route as often as possible. I'm also sharing as much as I can of what KC ate. We aren't the healthiest people in the world but I like to think we are like 75%? Maybe? Everyone has different opinions and definitions of healthy anyway, so who knows.
Now, obligatory disclaimer: I'm not a fancy cook, nor am I a fancy photographer.
KC made a big batch of scrambled eggs with veggies and that's what he took each day.
I had a smoothie - banana, spinach, milk and protein powder. I use protein powder not because I don't get enough protein without it, but because I don't like most protein heavy breakfasts (eggs, yoghurt etc) and if I don't have protein in the morning, I get hangry at like 10am and eat everything in sight, so I put protein powder in my smoothies. Occasionally I throw frozen berries in there as well. I use whatever milk we have on

########
Rank: 17
Score: 38.323906
Retrieved Text: Learning about healthy eating habits for kids is a very good thing to do! Applying them can be harder, but not impossible!
The healthy habits kids form when they are little will often stay with them for life.
Seriously! And eat them often! Who wouldn't love the delicious sweet taste anyway. Full of vitamins like vitamin C and folate.
This is something your children are going to benefit hugely from when getting older.
It's easy to make a nourishing snack for yourself if your taste buds are used to healthy stuff.
To help your kids form good habits, let's make sure that from now on, whatever you eat yourself, and what you buy for your family is good for all of you!
Free from preservatives, artificial sweeteners and as free as possible from pesticides.
Do you know what I want you to do? Go to the kitchen and put any junk you see into it's right place… and that is? The garbage can!
And then tell your kids that you would like your family to become super healthy!
I know that's so much easier said than done!
But getting into the habit of eating while watching TV or videos is not always the best thing to do. You know why?
Because when doing that, your child might not notice how fast the food that he has on his plate disappears, because he pays so much attention to the cartoon.
Now this could be seen as something positive when you have a very small child, because he will be less fussy when he concentrates on watching the cartoon.
When the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 38.269394
Retrieved Text: Weight loss Forum - weightloss.com.au • View topic - How do I stop from nibbling???
How do I stop from nibbling???
I'm looking for some tips on how to stop myself from snacking all day long. I'm pretty good about portion sizes and all that, but I am having a monstrous battle in trying to stop myself from grazing constantly. And quite frankly it doesn't matter how small your portions are if you have fifty of them!!
this is what i also struggle with the most. im a grazer and i just nibble all day.
i have started to increase my water intake and find drinking out of a pop top bottle good.
or - you can exercise when you feel like eating. i did this the other night and ended up riding the exercise bile for 50 minutes!!
all these tips and i still snack tho.
you have to be concious of what goes into your mouth!!
I was really bad at one stage with the nibbling between meals. I'd do it to the point of being full when it was time for an actual meal, and I'd still eat the meal anyway.
Now if I catch myself reaching towards something for a little nibble, I consciously think "No, you're not really hungry". I make sure I do it from when I get up because once I have a nibble of one thing, it just keeps going throughout the day. Generally if I nip it in the bud first thing in the morning it will be a lot easier for me to control.
If I'm

########
Rank: 19
Score: 38.10805
Retrieved Text: Maid in Australia: Breakfast - what a challenge!
Breakfast - what a challenge!
Chez MIA is a busy household, and sometimes we find breakfast time a bit a of a challenge.
I've always been a bit breakfast-shy, ever since I was a wee tacker.
Mum and Dad were old-school and insisted on feeding us up for the most important meal of the day. As they should.
They were right then, and they are right now.
Research shows breakfast is still the most important meal of the day, in that it breaks the fast of the night before, kick-starts the metabolism, and fuels the body for the day ahead.
We all know kids, and adults, do better when they've eaten breakfast, compared with those who haven't. And that's without taking into account things like headaches, drops in blood sugar, and even the encouragement of normal growth and development.
So as a child and later a teen and young adult, I'd always eat something, even if it was a piece of fruit or toast, and a hot or cold drink. I stick to that today.
True, sometimes I'm so busy feeding small humans, organising lunches, and pouring bodies into uniforms, that I don't get to have something other than my morning coffee until after the school run. I am the first to admit this is a terrible habit to have fallen into, and it's something we've begun remedying by setting the alarm at least 30 minutes earlier, so we can sit down together.
So it was timely when Kellogg's contacted me about their National Breakfast Crusade, which they

########
Rank: 20
Score: 38.082996
Retrieved Text: There are two types of diet in rugby: the liquid diet and the diet that involves not really thinking about what you're eating because you know you'll burn it off during the game. But, former England ace turned foodie, Matt Dawson, shows us how to eat your way to victory.
"You should be eating five or six times a day. Try to get into the habit of having a very substantial breakfast; porridge, toast, eggs on toast, if you want to have your bacon and egg sandwich then go for it. I'd trim a bit of the fat off the bacon, have some brown bread, avoid butter. From there you're eating every two or three hours. Things like fruit, nuts, hummus with pitta breadpack of bread, all those little snacks you eat throughtout the day, there's some really good ways of staying full. Over the day, you're probably eating just as much, but you're spreading it out so your body can absorb it and use it to help you carry it on during the day.
"Protein is a key part of your diet, most of it should be consumed after training. If you've exerted yourself quite hard, you've got to get in whatever you can to replenish those stocks within 20 or 30 minutes. You've got to refuel it so it can do it again the next day. if you miss that window you do miss that opportunity to replenish the muscles and the systems of your body, so that they can grow and become stronger."
"On game day

########
Rank: 21
Score: 38.000328
Retrieved Text: In the first part of this series we talked about how even successful people often succumb to temptation. Plus we went over three experiments that showed “why” you can’t rely on willpower alone to stick to a new habit. And we finished off with a simple exercise for building up your mental strength.
Today we’ll discuss how to cheat your way past those moments of temptation and then we’ll cover a simple four-step plan for overcoming those random triggers to follow a bad habit you’d like to quit.
Your muscles get weak when you don’t use them—the same can be said about willpower.
To increase your overall strength, you must engage in regular exercise—the same can be said about willpower.
There is a limit as to what your muscles can do before they completely fail—the same can be said about willpower.
When you tire your muscles on exercise A, then proceed to exercise B, you will have less reserves to draw on before your muscles fatigue—the same can be said about willpower.
Your muscles need time between workouts to recover and gain the benefits of your previous workout—the same can be said about willpower.
Okay, you get the point. Whenever you draw from your pool of “willpower resources,” you’re less capable of exerting mental strength on that next task or temptation. The more tired you get, the harder everything becomes.
Willpower temptations aren’t the same for everybody. We all have strengths and weaknesses. There are things that you have trouble resisting and others that require zero mental effort to avoid.
How can you consistently exert

########
Rank: 22
Score: 37.913647
Retrieved Text: When I meet obese clients at my clinic I always know that they are creatures of habit and that their poor nutrition intake is a result of bad habits that progressively develop over a long period of time. If you are an adult and have a family then it is all the more important to inculcate healthy eating habits not just for yourself but also to set an example for your kids. Poor eating habits that are acquired over a period of time can be kicked but remember that it wont happen overnight. Lets talk about the most common bad habit among people in urban Indian cities – skipping breakfast!
With a long gap of 12 hours without any nourishment, your body will require a fresh boost in the morning. The glucose in your blood needs to be replenished in order that the rest of your body can be furnished with energy. Your brain also needs glucose because it cannot store glucose. Making it a point to eat breakfast every morning will help your concentration powers, your problem solving skills, your strength and your endurance. What is more important is that the nutrients that you ingest in the morning will help you meet your daily nutritional requirements.
Breakfast is even more important for kids and a healthy breakfast will improve their cognitive skills and memory and give them an edge in tests, attendance and engagement in school. Children who skip breakfast tend to be bored, listless, irritable and fidgety with the result that their grades suffer. And since

########
Rank: 23
Score: 37.876633
Retrieved Text: Habits are our lives. It defines the way we live.
Without habits, our brain will be overloaded with millions of decisions it has to make each day. Habits are activities we do subconsciously. Sometimes we don’t even know that we do certain things each day because it is ingrained in our mind so deeply. Our brains don’t wait for our conscious decision any more.
The above are few examples of well ingrained habit. We don’t think twice before switching off a TV if you don’t watch it any longer. Decision making is entirely skipped and we do it without being aware of doing it.
That’s why it is crucial to develop good habits. If you fell for bad habits you will begin to do them unconsciously every day. After a prolonged period, it is very difficult to face its consequences. Also, it takes a great deal of time and energy to unfollow a bad habit.
Let’s see some of the common bad habits that can cause serious trouble in the long run.
It is the beginning of failure. You can never be successful in doing a thing tomorrow if it can be done today itself. People who procrastinate belong to two categories. Either they want to be a perfectionist or they are simply lazy.
If you delay your activities waiting for the perfect moment, understand that you are indulging a bad habit that can prevent you from achieving anything in life. There is no such thing called perfectionism. It is a way to justify procrastination.
If you are simply lazy to take any

########
Rank: 24
Score: 37.672504
Retrieved Text: ← “Bruce” in the City STRONG!!!!
A month into a hopefully better year, many of us are trying to develop healthier relationships with food, and more healthful daily habits.
I’ve found it challenging. Last year, I felt a lot of stress at work and made the decision to go back to school. I love being in school, but it has challenges of it’s own. For me, keeping a healthy habit of eating regular meals at reasonable times of the day, with appropriate portions, is definitely a struggle.
I put off eating to work and complete tasks. I’m terrible at scheduling time to food prep, and most of all, make my health and well-being a priority.
And I am a breakfast skipper. I never make time for breakfast or even a coffee if I have to go to school or work early in the morning. And I’m a night owl, I can’t help but sleep in as much as possible in the mornings to make up for my lack of an early bedtime.
So when I put off eating a healthy meal until I feel like I can relax, sometimes I don’t have any food until 5pm or later. Which then leads to feeling overly hungry and deprived, and having larger portions in one sitting.
I don’t generally make resolutions for the new year, but since I decided to leave my job in August to go to school and make a change to how I was feeling, I’ve been trying to make improvements. Nothing too daunting. Just trying to add better habits to

########
Rank: 25
Score: 37.53484
Retrieved Text: This week, my client, Katie, told me that she was having trouble staying on track during the weekend. She said that she did really well during the week, but was consistently “losing it” once Friday night hit. I first asked Katie to describe to me what her weekday eating was like. After hearing what a typical Monday-Friday looks like for her, one thing stood out to me very clearly: Katie was eating almost the exact same thing day in and day out. I questioned Katie about this and she told me that she had just fallen into the habit of eating the same thing for breakfast each day, lunch each day, and dinner each day because she found meals that were easy, convenient, and filled her up while tasting good.
It was clear to me that Katie was being too restrictive during the week. Being too restrictive can come in different forms – sometimes dieters are too restrictive from a calorie standpoint and eat too little food. This eventually backfires on them because after a few days of eating too little, they’ll inevitably end up overeating. Dieters can also be too restrictive in terms of the types of food they let themselves eat. If they try to cut out favorite foods entirely, this eventually backfires because when they inevitably give in and have their favorite foods, they eat way too much of them. Katie was not being too restrictive during the week in terms of the number of calories she was eating, but she was being too

########
Rank: 26
Score: 37.4192
Retrieved Text: Wondering how to jump start a diet? The best way is to work on developing healthy new habits while weeding out unhealthy habits that keep you from dropping unwanted pounds.
Begin with purging processed foods from your pantry. Replace them with healthy whole grains. If you are unsure of how to cook with unprocessed, whole foods, there are many cookbooks and websites that offer great tips you will find helpful. Or join a cooking class and make some new friends!
Make it a goal to include fruits and/or vegetables in every meal. You should get four servings of fruits and vegetables each day. Your favorite fruit will make a nutritious snack that replaces candy or other sugary foods.
Low fat diets help you lose weight, but be careful to include healthy fats in your diet. These fats help you feel full so you aren't tempted to overeat. Healthy fats include olive oil and flax seed oil.
Set a goal to exercise for 30 minutes a day. You may not be able to do this right away, but a little exercise each day will quickly condition you so you can reach this modest goal. As your fitness improves, you'll likely want to exercise even more. Don't restrict yourself to traditional "exercise" though; have fun and ride a bike, dance or go kayaking. Having fun will help you stick to your goal.
Keeping a food journal can help you see how to jump start a diet for you by allowing you to see what you are eating and why. You may be surprised

########
Rank: 27
Score: 37.318035
Retrieved Text: In the PART 1 of this "weight loss" series, I walked you through how the body get fat easily.
In today's e-mail which is the PART 2 of this series, I'd like to walk you through what I call the bad habits that induces fat!
If you always skip your breakfast or you eat a late breakfast, it can cause your body to gain excess weight.
When you skip breakfast, you are more likely to eat any junk food that come your way e.g. Biscuit, Orange Juice, Gala, or any other sugary food that come your way.
When you skip you breakfast, and you spend your entire day working at your day job, you become so hungry at midday that you eat a very heavy meal for lunch filled with lots of calories.
Do you eat a lot of food when you are hungry?
This is another bad habit that induces fat and causes your belly to become big too. If you eat more food thank your body burn, you will gain fat!
For some people, they eat a lot because they "think" that they have a BIG appetite and the "smell" of food alone can make them jump in excitement.
If you also eat when you are bored or you are feeling emotionally depressed or unhappy, you are causing your body to gain fat!
Many mums are guilty of this too. Some mum's can't stand their children not eating and wasting the food they eat, and they end up eating their kids meal!
If you are currently doing this...you need to stop eating your kids

########
Rank: 28
Score: 37.27198
Retrieved Text: I am sure a lot of you’ve heard people say, “Breakfast is an essential meal during the day.” Despite all the details showing that statement, lots of people still skip breakfast every day! Can you explain that? A couple of reasons (or excuses) that individuals have a tendency to skip eating breakfast include 1) insufficient time each morning, 2) not hungry, and three) I don’t like breakfast foods.
Insufficient time each morning. Wake Up EARLIER! Make time.
Not hungry. Eat something light, even when it’s really a bit of fruit and a mug of yogurt.
I don’t like breakfast foods. Breakfast doesn’t have to become eggs or pancakes. It may be any healthy food choices!
The suggestions above benefits is possible simply by eating a proper breakfast each morning. It’s not very hard. Even when it were difficult, the advantages far over-shadow whatever reason because of not eating breakfast.
Also, lots of people think that eating breakfast can make them fat. This can be a absurd assumption. Actually, generally, the alternative holds true. However, if you’re worried about the amount you eat, don’t avoid breakfast. Rather, determine usage of calories by calculating your basal metabolism utilizing a BMR calculator. This way, you are able to effectively add breakfast for your diet regimen without eating a lot of calories during the day.
So with all of that being stated exactly what is a good breakfast? What exactly are some healthy options I’m able to decide for eating breakfast?
As I could literally list countless foods and meals here, I’m only likely to list probably

########
Rank: 29
Score: 37.149162
Retrieved Text: Don't pay for your energy anymore use solar panels which has a residential wid generator and have electrical company paying the person. You plug in a device, flip a switch and pow! You're making smoothies and watching TV in a matter of seconds. Why would anyone want to buy that up?
If you're trying get weight or muscle, a lot more focus on a different a part of the food. The Hulk smoothies, possess 25 grams of protein or the over 800 calories for virtually any 20-ounce serving, are perfect for weightlifters. Those trying to maintain and build muscle should order the Gladiator, which has 45 grams of protein for less than 200 excess calories.
Whenever acquire any item, read the label. Discover what vitamins and minerals a person from eating a specific food, as well as be bound to look at negatives pertaining to example fat and sodium. You need to make sure you make out the print carefully. In the beginning glance, you may realize something has good health because supply barely any fat, but when seem at the serving size you discover that the serving dimension is deceptively young. This makes foods appear being much healthier than podiatrists are.
You can move on from snacks to meals shortly immediately after. Start by eating one raw meal a morning ,. Many people will start by eating a raw meal at breakfast. It's a great, and straightforward way start out the life. Breakfast also https://serifsup.com/best-blenders-for-smoothies/ offers the widest variety of choice in raw food diets. Individuals to start

================



======= Instance Index 41 =========
Input Text: A good musician has a keen ear, they pick up much more than the normal person when they what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- play violin
- hear sounds
- ocean
- blow trumpet
- stage

Target Text: hear sounds

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 36.093563
Retrieved Text: These are now much smaller and neater than in the past and fit comfortably over the ear with a custom earmould worn in the ear. Because the components are housed outside of the ear, BTE aids tend to be the most durable, need less repairs and have a longer life expectancy. They can be worn easily, even with spectacles.
These are housed in a tiny case that fits over the ear coupled to an ultra thin tube that fits in the ear. These are appropriate for people with normal to near normal hearing in the low pitches (bass tones), and a mild to moderately severe loss in the high pitches (high tones). Normally as a result of noise induced hearing loss (e.g. ex-military, factory workers, pilots) or ototoxicity. They are very comfortable, cosmetically appealing and reduce the occlusion effect some people may get by hearing their own voice too loud.
These are the latest technology in size! They are smaller than the CIC as they are deep in the canal making it difficult for someone to detect them. This type is heavily based on the hearing loss degree and the size of the ear canal as it does not fit in all ears.
These are also custom designed. They fit deep into the ear canal so they are not easily visible. They may also reduce the problem of wind noise. Additionally, due to exposure to moisture and ear wax, CIC need good care and cleaning.
ITC’s are custom designed, small in size, and fit deeper into the ear canal than

########
Rank: 1
Score: 34.158924
Retrieved Text: Monitoring allows you to get real-time feedback during a recording session.
But it also allows you to hear your recorded tracks when you play them back during mixing.
The 2 tools at your disposal for this task are the Studio Monitors and Headphones.
I recommend using headphones during the tracking, or recording, part of your projects.
This is due to the fact that the output of the monitor speakers can bleed over back into the mic while you're recording.
In extreme cases, this leads to a whole different type of Feedback that you'll want to avoid at all costs.
You may want to put the headphones on only 1 ear to allow you to hear your un-amplified and miked vocals with the other ear.
Sometimes this can help you give a more natural performance... it's tough to just act normal when you are hearing your voice in a very unnatural sort of way.
If you decide to do this make sure to cover the other side of the headphones to prevent the same bleed-over problem mentioned above.
This is particularly necessary when using a metronome to control your tempo because the clicking of that track will definitely show up in all the wrong places and could ruin a good take.
Then later when mixing your tracks together, studio monitors allow you to hear your project over the air, which is a more representative way that it will eventually be heard.
Sometimes the over-ear headphones sound a little "too good to be true" due to the fact that they sit right on your ears.
Basically both methods have their

########
Rank: 2
Score: 33.53899
Retrieved Text: This is a cautionary tale about hearing and what I have discovered. You need to consider your hearing like this: each of us is born with what is effectively an ‘amount’ of hearing, and this is progressively ‘used up’ in the course of living. What we don’t know is how much we are born with. Is it a little, or a lot? We only know how much we had if we start to go deaf.
One simple way of assessing if you have lost any hearing is to gently rub the back of your ear. If one side sounds different to the other, the ear with the lower pitch has lost some hearing.
There are a couple of other things that happen which are not quite as obvious as simply having trouble hearing what people say. Part of the structure of your ear is effectively an attenuator, and this part of your hearing turns the volume down. You notice this when you have been exposed to a high sound level for a period of time.
You might leave a club for example, and for a couple of minutes you will not be able to hear a thing. Gradually your hearing will return to normal. Of course as you age your ears ability to turn down the volume gradually gets damaged by high sound levels you have been exposed to.
We have all seen an older person complain that “it’s too loud”. Well, what has happened is that their ears attenuating mechanism has now worn out and their ears are operating

########
Rank: 3
Score: 33.21239
Retrieved Text: Live music concerts are great. We all know that. What’s not that great, however, is the pain in the ears most of us experience once we leave the gig – do you remember the familiar sound of ‘ringing’ in your ears? Yes, it tends to ring for a few hours and then usually everything gets back to normal. But did you know that continous exposure to noise over 85 dB (and by continuous we mean eight hours or so) can result in the permament hearling loss? Eight hours seems a lot, but if you’ve been listening to Spotify on your way to concert, chances are that you’re pretty close to that limit.
What Makes The Best Earplugs For Concerts?
It’s not easy to pick up the best earplugs for musicians and concerts. There are plenty of different earplug products available on the market and most of them address different issues. Some people need earplugs to sleep calm, some like to swim and look for water-blocking earplugs.
Best earplugs for concerts are much different from regular earplugs though. It does sound a bit counterintuitive when you go to listen the live music and plan to wear earplugs – after all, you want to hear the music well and clear, don’t you? What ear plugs should you choose then?
The best musician earplugs for concerts will be those which do not mute the sound completely. Unlike the foam ear plugs, best ear plugs for concerts will lower the noise by around 12 to 15 dB – which is much less than, for

########
Rank: 4
Score: 33.20984
Retrieved Text: Yesterday I spent a happy half-hour with my ukulele, learning to play “Drive My Car”. It’s one of my favourite Beatles songs. My ukulele group is performing it for the first time at an event this week. I decided it was time I learned to play it without looking at the chord chart.
Playing by heart is my absolute favourite way to make music. It always has been, ever since my mother taught me to play ukulele when I was six.
But in my fifteen years of classical music training with violin, viola and piano, I never played anything without sheet music. And nobody ever suggested that I could.
Playing music by heart is so much more fun than playing along with a chart.
Playing music without looking at a score or chart is a very handy part of a musician’s toolkit. But many musicians never play without a printed page.
Learning how to play without a chart involves a mix of skills, including ear training, memory and watching what other musicians are doing.
Some people have a knack for this – but you won’t find out whether you have it until you try. Other musicians have to practice to develop the skill. Either way, it’s a rewarding and useful musical ability.
When I started playing bluegrass fiddle I found that I could pick up tunes quite easily by ear, following along to music that I didn’t already know in a jam session.
My sense for the harmonic structures of music developed gradually over a couple of years. It was such an amazing feeling

########
Rank: 5
Score: 33.194035
Retrieved Text: Enjoy the sound of great music for longer with the help of protective earplugs when performing or going to concerts and gigs. Wearing earplugs will ensure that you will return home with memories rather than ear pain. Amplified rock concerts can reach approximately 110-130 db, which can damage your hearing after 3.75-30 minutes of exposure per day, which can be more damaging for musicians who tend to go on tours. Kitting yourself out with some ear plugs suitable for musicians and music lovers, will help you protect from health concerns like tinnitus and hearing loss.
Being a musician or working alongside a musician can be seen as a glamorous job, but it does have its downsides too. Working with instruments for long periods of time and on a regular basis can have an effect on your hearing as you can be exposed to high audio levels and peaks. Your ears can go into self-protect mode when sound levels are extremely high and the transmission from what you’re playing and what you are hearing can become muffled. There are a few health concerns when it comes to being exposed to harmful sound levels such as hearing loss, tinnitus and hyperacusis, these can be extremely difficult or impossible to treat. An essential item to wear on stage or in the studio is earplugs. They can reduce the level of sound, which could also improve your band’s performance and with flat level attenuating earplugs they will help protect your ears as well.
FACT: Band practises can reach approximately 110–120 decibels, 30–40

########
Rank: 6
Score: 33.121433
Retrieved Text: The inner and outer conch piercing ideas presented below are meant to inspire you. If you are a more conventional person or you are working in a piercing-free environment, you can opt for one of the examples below. In order to add something new to your look that isn’t too flashy, you can wear a conch piercing or more! A conch piercing is placed in the bowl-shaped area of your ear or on the flat surfaces. The first one described is called inner conch piercing and the latter is called outer conch piercing. None of these two attract attention unless you wear large or shiny jewelry. However, if you’d like people to notice them, you can put your hair up and display them with confidence!
A conch piercing is a cartilage piercing. This means that there will be harder tissue to pierce. However, this doesn’t necessarily mean that it will hurt more. The skin covering the cartilage isn’t filled with nerve endings, so the pain level isn’t high. The piercing process might seem a little harsh because of the cartilage, but the pain won’t strike you as unbearable. Blood will flow out of your ear and it will take between 6 months and 1 year for this type of piercing to heal. As long as you choose the right jewel, you won’t have to deal with pain for a long time. Not sleeping on the pierced ear is always a good idea for as long as it still hurts.
Cleaning your ear at least twice per day is

########
Rank: 7
Score: 32.471375
Retrieved Text: Note: I highly recommend using studio monitors or Quality stereo headphones for the sounds later in this article, at a comfortable listening volume of course.
I was asked by the Ottawa band Paragon Cause to write this article on hearing loss in musicians. I work in the field of Otolaryngology – Head and Neck Surgery. We do surgery, but we also treat hearing loss. I see it all the time, a musician comes to see me for tinnitus (ringing in the ear). The first step is to do a hearing test and often we will find hearing loss in people with tinnitus. In these cases, it is usually permanent, devastating and sadly, 100% preventable. The goal of this article is to help musicians understand what happens with hearing loss, and why it is so important to protect your ears when playing music.
Whether you are a sound engineer, a mixing engineer, a producer or mastering engineer, having good ears is critical. If you do have some hearing loss, understanding what frequencies are affected are also critical.
In the world of music, nothing is more precious than our ears. I have a bit of a passion for hearing and hearing protection as I have witnessed many musicians realize it when it is too late to do anything. Once your hearing goes, it goes, there is no turning back. The only way we can fix it, is to prevent it. Although hearing aids are effective, in the world of music, there is nothing better than our ears. You may have read

########
Rank: 8
Score: 32.305515
Retrieved Text: How Much Does Professional Ear Wax Removal Cost?
3 Does Ear Wax Removal Hurt Or Cause Pain?
When ear wax builds up it can make a person very uncomfortable. While earwax production is a normal function of the ear there are some people that produce too much wax.
Excessive ear wax can cause a number of problems including pain, pressure, and can even lead to ear infections.
There are professional wax removal services that will remove the extra wax without damaging the ear canal. Many people may wonder how much does professional ear wax removal cost. There are several factors that can affect the cost.
Did you know you can now safely and effectively remove earwax at home instead of having to pay to see a doctor? It’s easy with a combination of ear wax drops and an irrigation system, both are much more affordable than a doctor.
The average cost of professional ear wax removal ranges between $40 and $100 depending on the build up in the ear.
This can be done is a doctor’s office or a person can go to a specialist that focuses on the health of the ear. In addition to removing the wax from the ear, a physician may need to prescribe ear drops in order to keep the wax in the ear from building up again. If a person goes to a clinic to have a professional remove their earwax they can pay around $60.
The wax will be removed by the professional in different ways. Some doctors will use a pressurized water pump to remove the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 32.14382
Retrieved Text: We’ve talked before about some guidelines for making a successful transition from wedges to in-ears (see it here), but let’s dive back in and start getting a little more specific on what some of the issues are and how you can avoid them.
In our experience, the biggest reason people have a less-than-ideal out-of-the-box experience with in-ear monitors is they expect it to be basically the same as working with a floor wedge. Remember, they’re different and the adjustment may take some time.
So let’s look at what’s really so different.
The first difference is that a wedge is a big, open-air speaker that leaves the musician’s ears open to all the other sound sources around him or her, while in-ear monitors are a combination of ear plugs and earphones. By design, in-ear monitors block out a lot of the other sound sources and then put the musician’s monitor mix right in his or her ears.
The downside of being closed, though, is that all of those other sound sources that a musician is accustomed to hearing are (mostly) gone. What’s left? The monitor mix. Which means the monitor mix HAS to be right. Because it’s all the musician can really hear.
The other downside of being closed is that some musicians feel isolated or cut off or will say that things sound or feel unnatural. That’s because sticking tiny speakers in your ears and blocking out all other sounds IS unnatural. Literally. It’s not how we as humans naturally process sound. There are some easy ways to address that (Stay

########
Rank: 10
Score: 32.1075
Retrieved Text: Denon expands over-ear headphone range, launches portable pair | What Hi-Fi?
The existing four-star AH-D7200s (£699) sit between the AH-D5200s (£549) and AH-D9200s (£1399). The also-new AH-D1200s are £169 closed-backs.
While AV and hi-fi components are very much Denon’s bread and butter, the brand hasn’t been afraid to branch out into the likes of wireless speakers and headphones over the years.
Of the latter, one of the more recent examples is the AH-D7200 over-ear (£699) we awarded four stars to last summer.
Any brand or person garnering fair success will naturally be egged on to become more ambitious, and here the result are the AH-D9200s (£1399), due in October (which will mark two years since the launch of the AH-D7200).
They share some likenesses with their siblings: a stitched sheep-skin leather headband, and earpads made from synthetic leather and memory foam – which can only be a good thing considering we called the AH-D7200s “beautifully made” and, because of their enduring comfort, “perfect for long hours of listening”.
The AH-D9200s, however, feature a newly developed version of the AH-D7200’s 50mm Nanofiber FreeEdge diaphragm, and have Japanesse bamboo housings as opposed to walnut enclosures.
With Denon keen to attach different housing materials to each model (which makes for an aesthetically pleasing line-up, for starters), it’s not surprising the AH-D5200 – the most affordable pair in the range – utilise neither walnut nor bamboo.
Instead, it features ‘zebrawood’ (which gets its name from its distinct striped form rather than any ligneous feature you didn’t know a zebra had). It’s supposedly very dense, good for reducing resonances.
To

########
Rank: 11
Score: 32.038628
Retrieved Text: Thank you so much, Angie @ Angie Dokos for nominating me for the mystery blog award!
What is your favorite pastime, besides reading? Going to gigs, I’m a massive heavy metal fan and I spend a shocking amount of money on going to see bands.
What is at least one thing you feel that you are really good at? Anything musical, I’m a natural musician. I don’t practice anymore and don’t have any instruments anymore but I can sing, write, play and I have a natural ear for music which is how I know pop music is evil!
If you could be an animal, which animal would you pick? Why? I really want to say dragon but I’m going to go with the theory they don’t exist (they so do) and say a horse…they are intelligent, graceful, caring creatures.
What is your worst fear? Snow. It’s that simple, snow terrifies me, I’ve had the fear since I was a child and it’s never left me, I’ve had therapy for it, it has a name Chionophobia, I am better than I used to be but my default setting when it snows is to stay inside with all the curtains drawn. Even pictures of snow can set off a panic attack!
So many people have already been tagged for this over time that I’m not going to retag people if you want to do this please do. I’m also going to keep Angie’s questions and pass them on because they are great questions.
Congrats. I agree, they do exist!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 31.744555
Retrieved Text: Exceptional hearing and listening skills are considered to be distinct abilities and while many professions rely heavily on it, hearing capabilities is important to achieve success in several other jobs as well. Following are some of the audio jobs wherein ineffective or limited hearing can result in poor performance and or may turn out to be precarious for the employee and organization.
Audio Engineers are responsible for mixing, editing and making sounds and thus they have to be able to pick out elusive sounds and turn it into something better. An audio engineer can have a career in the field of entertainment and can showcase their work in movies, radio, television, music, and video games. For someone who is a good audiophile and have a love for electronics, the possibilities are endless for an audio engineer.
Known for their melodies and sounds, musicians play and create music for the listening enjoyment of others. They need to have a keen ear when playing or working with instruments that are out of tune and to recognize if anyone is going off key.
There are many singers who wear an ear device which helps them to ear themselves more precisely ? to know when they are going off tune, so as to avoid poor performance. On the other hand, musicians who play instruments need to hear their own notes along with the notes of others playing around them. All these require a good ear to perform well.
One of the most critical jobs that can help save a life if performed well ?

########
Rank: 13
Score: 31.707933
Retrieved Text: Everything that you learn while studying fiddling can be transferred to other areas of your life. When I teach fiddling, I work to convey life lessons and universal truths that will help my students have a deeper connection and more fulfilling life.
I teach fiddle lessons, because I am inspired when I see a student have a breakthrough. There are few things as exciting for me as that moment when a new concept clicks. From that point on, the student has transformed. They have gained knowledge experientially, and that knowledge is there to stay.
I teach fiddle lessons in my Studio in Loveland, CO, and online via video lessons on [my] Talent Forge. I also teach fiddling, and music workshops around the United States. I have been teaching fiddle lessons for more than 25 years, and I am still learning new things all of the time.
Stylistically, I am pragmatic. I grew up learning the fiddle by ear, and I recognize that there is value in learning to read music. I have studied many styles of fiddling, including old-time, Texas-style, bluegrass, celtic, rock, and other folk styles. I work with my students to develop their ears so that they can learn to play by ear, and improvise.
I also teach my students to read music, because reading music is a very clear and efficient way to communicate musical ideas.
I have also studied classically. I play violin and viola in my string quartet, and have played in university and community symphony orchestras.
It is my goal to help my students grow as

########
Rank: 14
Score: 31.301699
Retrieved Text: “What’s the problem with all of that? Not a thing in the world, so far as truth is concerned. But if he had been writing an essay on Geography or history he would have done just as good a job because he had a brilliant mind. He knew the answers but he doesn’t know Jesus. Founded atheistic Communism. Can you imagine, a person knowing all of that truth and yet not knowing the Lord?
Jesus said in Luke 12:48 For unto whomsoever much is given, of him shall be much required: and to whom men have committed much, of him they will ask the more.
In fact, each of the above references say much the same thing: Seek God – Find Life.
You are leaving High School, but you are not leaving God.
Some people walk all alone in life. Israel was walking away from God and Amos warns them that they were walking alone. Can two walk together except they be agreed? No! They were all alone because of their sin.
No matter what happens in life, we must keep seeking God.
God’s people, to whom Amos was preaching had been worshipping false gods for a long time. They had a lot of stuff and in many ways they worshipped their material things, possessions, and money. Read the book of Amos for more details. Greed, stealing, and coveting was all too prominent in everyday life. If they were living in our day and age, they would have looked a lot like us; plenty of food, too much stuff, and lots of

########
Rank: 15
Score: 31.249485
Retrieved Text: Single sided deafness, or unilateral hearing loss, is more common than people realize, prominently in kids.As a result, the public sees hearing loss as being black and white — someone has normal hearing in both ears or decreased hearing on both sides, but that dismisses one particular kind of hearing loss completely.
A 1998 study estimated approximately 400,000 kids had a unilateral hearing loss due to trauma or disease in the moment. It’s safe to say that amount has gone up in that past two decades.
What’s Single-Sided hearing loss and What Makes It?
As its name suggests, single-sided hearing loss suggests a decrease in hearing just in one ear.In extreme cases, deep deafness is possible. The dysfunctional ear is incapable of hearing whatsoever and that individual is left with monaural sound quality — their hearing is limited to a side of the human body.
No matter the cause, an individual who has unilateral hearing needs to adapt to a different way of processing audio.
The mind utilizes the ears nearly just like a compass. It defines the direction of sound based on which ear registers it first and at the maximum volume. When a person talks to you while positioned on the left, the brain sends a message to flip in that direction.
Together with the single-sided hearing loss, the noise will only come in one ear regardless of what way it originates. If you have hearing from the left ear, your mind will turn to search for the sound even when the person speaking is on the right.
Pause for a

########
Rank: 16
Score: 31.116581
Retrieved Text: Have Questions? We’re to help.
There are many types of hearing loss. The most common is a problem called SENSORINEURAL – it is a problem with the inner ear, the acoustic nerve, or both. Most physicians call this condition “nerve deafness.” More than 90 percent of all hearing aid wearers have sensorineural hearing loss. The most common causes of sensorineural hearing loss are; age related changes, noise exposure, inner ear blood circulation, inner ear fluid disturbances and problems with the hearing nerve.
The second most common type of hearing loss is CONDUCTIVE. Conductive hearing loss is due to any condition that interferes with the transmission of sound through the outer and middle ear to the inner ear. This type of hearing loss can be successfully treated in most cases. Conductive loss may result from earwax blocking the ear canal, fluid in the middle ear, middle ear infection, obstructions in the ear canal, perforations (hole) in the eardrum or disease of any of the three middle ear bones. People with conductive hearing loss may notice their ears seem to be full or plugged. This person may speak softly because they hear their own voice loudly. Crunchy foods, such as celery or carrots, seem very loud to the person with a conductive hearing loss and this person may have to stop chewing to hear what is being said. Even if people with conductive hearing loss are not improved medically or surgically, they stand to benefit greatly from a hearing aid, because what they need most is amplification.
Frequently, a person experiences

########
Rank: 17
Score: 31.115196
Retrieved Text: I hate to break it to you, but the vast majority of music sounds better when played at a consistent, pre-defined tempo. There are occasions for speeding up or slowing down, but those instances are even easier to play when you have a click (speeding up or slowing down) in your ears to keep everyone together. There is a key difference between any touring band that does the same set every gig and a worship band in a church every week. The touring band does the same set over and over– and they can get extremely tight with or without a click. A worship band, on the other hand, is very similar to a cover band that plays a new set of songs every single set. I’ve heard some folks gripe about how church music is too simple or too easy to play. There’s a reason for that. A few reasons actually… but we will focus on the playability aspect for this post. Most church bands are filled with volunteer players and singers. They don’t do this for a living. They have families, jobs and hobbies that they’d rather be spending time on during the week. Therefore, church music has an inherent need to be simple (it also needs to be singable so that the congregation can participate, but that’s for another post). Want to know how to make it even easier for you band to play and sing? Simply using a click and a vocal cue stem will make your band several magnitudes better almost

########
Rank: 18
Score: 31.100086
Retrieved Text: Why Do Ears Stick Out?
Everyone’s ears stick out a little from the sides of our heads, but for about 2% of us, they protrude a bit further than normal. The most common reason for this is that the cartilage hasn’t folded correctly, which puts the ear at an extreme angle. Otoplasty surgery can pin the ear back into a more natural looking position.
The external part of your ear is made up of folds of cartilage that are also known as the pinna. The shape of these folds can help to funnel sound towards the internal ear. Although the precise shape can vary, the outer rim or helix of the ear usually forms a big C. Inside this there are several folds that join to create a shape a bit like the letter y. These are the antihelix and the super and inferior crura. At the centre of the ear, around the ear canal, are the shell-like concha and the bump of the tragus.
When the ear protrudes too much, it is usually because the antihelical fold hasn’t developed properly. This makes the outer rim of the ear stick out. The concha is also likely to be particularly deep, which can push the ear out from the head. The problem can be particularly noticeable in children because the ears actually reach their full size before the rest of the head catches up. It can also run in families, so if you have ears that stick out there may be someone in your family who has the same ears.
Having

########
Rank: 19
Score: 31.042631
Retrieved Text: I was taking a walk with my friend the other day after a yoga class. Sadly, our favorite coffee shop is near the “L” train so our conversation kept getting interrupted and I found myself struggling to hear. It’s times like these I sympathize with my hearing-impaired clients. The increased amount of effort needed to hear in noisy environments takes the enjoyment out of the conversation. It’s not that I can’t hear, I’m just unable to understand the words when the train flies by.
Why is that? It comes down to simple anatomy. The cochlea, the snail-shaped organ of the ear, was formed with high frequency hair cells at the entrance, followed by mid-frequencies and ending with low frequencies at the top. Think of the entrance of the cochlea like the entrance to a carpeted room—the carpeting at the entrance becomes worn much faster than anywhere else in the room.
Typically, when we lose our hearing it starts in the high frequencies and slowly progresses to the mid and low frequencies. Voiceless consonants are located in the high frequencies. Think “s”, “sh”, “f”, “th”. These sounds tend to be at the beginning and end of a word whereas vowels and voiced consonants occur in the low and mid frequencies. The low frequencies give us the sense of volume in speech.
Someone with a typical sloping hearing loss will hear fine (low frequency volume) but lose the clarity (high frequency voiceless consonants) in speech. This gradual sloping loss also occurs slowly so those with hearing loss do not realize it’s

########
Rank: 20
Score: 31.023874
Retrieved Text: I just received these from Amazon and they work. The steady wind and low frequency buffeting noises are virtually gone but normal conversation comes through quite well. Much better than foam plugs.
Fit is good inside a JVC modular helmet with just slight inward pressure on the ear plugs, basically just enough to hold them in place a bit more securely.
I didn't try with listening to music as that is something that I just don't do, along with not using the cell phone hook up.
Mission accomplished for my quest to eliminate the wind noise from the narrow/too far forward windscreen on the Versys.
BTW, the battery is supposed to be good for 60 hours. We'll see how that works out. But for US$44, ka ching.
While not a cone of silence, still quite impressive. Especially at the price point.
I like those Get Smart references.
I owned a set of Bose InEar Buds a few years back, and like most Bose products, I found them HIGHLY overrated and overpriced.
I do like IEM's (in ear monitors), and prefer them to Over Ear monitors for the portability and noise cancellation properties (sports / travel / etc) and currently own a very competent set of Westone W30 IEMs.
I have found that you do indeed GET what you pay for when it comes to headphones.
Truly though, the ONLY way to get real comfort and performance from headphones in a helmet, is to get a set of CUSTOM molded IEM's. These are the kind that professional musicians, race car drivers, secret service agents, and military personnel

########
Rank: 21
Score: 30.454939
Retrieved Text: Wireless systems for transmitting sound are a good choice for those who need to electronically boost their voice (or instrument) while retaining the ability to move about freely. Wireless sound technology is also used for wireless in-ear monitors, which are headphones connected to a received the musician has attached to himself. Thanks to this, the player isn't disrupted by the noise on stage and needn't stand by the stage monitor. Wherever the musician moves on stage, they always have a stable in-ear monitor of what they are playing and what other chosen instruments are playing.
If you're looking for a reliable solution for the wireless transmission of your voice, we recommend a standard wireless set with a handheld microphone. The set includes a microphone and a receiver, giving you everything you need.
Our experts are ready to answer any questions and to recommend the ideal solution for your wireless system. You can call us at 020 8089 1481 (Mon - Fri, 9 a.m. - 5 p.m.) or send us your questions by email to .
The vast majority of today's wireless systems function in these frequency bands: UHF, VHF, UHF DAP, 2.4 GHz or 1.9 GHz.
Wireless in-ear monitors are reversed – the musician has the receiver, not the transmitter.
Wireless handheld microphones are probably the best-known type of wireless sound technology. They are mainly ideal for singers who don't need to have both hands free but want to be able to move about freely.
A wireless headset microphone is attached right in front of the singer's mouth, allowing them to have

########
Rank: 22
Score: 30.437609
Retrieved Text: The good news is my MS symptoms just keep improving….the left side of my face and inside mouth was numb from a lesion on the transgeminal nerve and that has mostly cleared up…..a tiny part of my lip and tongue are still a little numb. My labs continue to improve and are in the normal and low-normal range and I had them drawn again today so I’ll be interested to see how they are. I’m still forgetful and a little dizzy but I’m hoping that improves when my cold clears up. I’m also having trouble concentrating and focusing and I’m taking 2 classes online toward my master’s degree so I kind of pick it up and put it down all day long while doing other things or resting.
My struggle in July and August has been catching colds and not being able to overcome them with my immune system of a newborn. So I’ve been uncomfortable with sore throat, coughing, congestion, no voice, now hoarse voice, fatigue, all of it. I did a zpack last week and it did help some but the cold is still here and uncomfortable. I think I should have waited longer to go swimming after my “first cold” occurred….I think I got water in my ear and it’s done something to get the cold going again. I’ll ask my transplant nurse this week what to do.
In the grand scheme of things….I’d much rather deal with rebuilding my immune system with a few colds than have an overactive immune system.
I received the medical

########
Rank: 23
Score: 30.32758
Retrieved Text: All quality hearing protection should protect your hearing by “attenuating” the sound. The word attenuate is used to describe the level of sound reduction provided.
To protect your hearing, your hearing protection must provide enough attenuation (measured in decibels). Attenuation is sometimes expressed as a single simplified noise-level reduction (SNR) figure.
Sound is made up of different frequencies and most hearing protectors will attenuate at a different level for each of these frequencies. These levels vary between manufacturers, so you should check the packaging to see what protection they provide.
Most hearing protectors give greater attenuation at the higher frequencies (4-8 kHz) than at the lower frequencies, and it is these higher frequency sounds that are potentially more damaging to your hearing. However sound levels and exposure time are the main parameters and frequency adds only a very small percentage to the risk.
Remember that in real situations, the attenuation is probably less than that measured by the manufacturer, as they will have tested brand new hearing protectors that fit well, and their tests will have been done in ideal test laboratories.
The ER-20 is a “one-size-fits-all” re-usable high fidelity hearing protector and a low-cost alternative to the custom moulded ER-Musician hearing protectors.
They reduce the noise level that reaches your ear, usually by about 15-20 decibels, which means you can still hear the music – but at a lower volume and without cutting out all the good bits. Because of this they can be used as many times as you like and are ideal for those who enjoy gigs, music festivals

########
Rank: 24
Score: 30.323608
Retrieved Text: There are many musicians out there who believe that the best method of learning to play any instrument is by listening to the music and playing it by ear. Coincidentally, majority of these musicians also believe that music theory is unnecessary as it limits playing. Unfortunately, they fail to understand that music theory isn’t just a set of rules about how to compose and play music.
Learning to play the piano by ear is an extremely helpful and essential skill to have. However, it is important to take note that playing by ear and learning the theory works hand in hand and it isn’t an either-or choice. Below are some of the pros and cons of learning to play the piano by ear.
Firstly, you can generate new ideas and develop better techniques when you learn to play by ear. With new ideas and improved techniques, you will be able to put them to good use in various ways.
Secondly, learning to play by ear will allow you to master a piece quicker compared to going through the theory. This means that once you listen to a song on the radio, you will be able to get the keys right and play the song out in no time!
Thirdly, playing by ear helps to cultivate and simulate your creativity. As you start playing music by ear, you will also start to develop an interest in creating your own music. This will induce you to explore new directions in your music. Thus, your creativity will be put to the test as

########
Rank: 25
Score: 30.28232
Retrieved Text: I was a middle schooler, eighth grade, when I first received audition music. However, this music was not 13-year old caliber. It was – wait for it – high school music! Scary, I know. My band teacher at the time, Mr. Burger, had suggested to me, as well as a few other trumpet players in my grade, that he believed we had the potential to place into one of the two honors bands at the local high school. While externally I was calm and composed, honored, my mind raced. Honors band? I thought. Don’t you have to be, like, good for that? Up until then, and even now sometimes, I had never thought of myself as a talented musician. During band I would look at my fellow trumpeters, seeing nothing but their shadow in which I lived. However, glancing down as Mr. Burger babbled on, I noticed my own silhouette on the ground amongst those same exact shadows.
So, I did what any normal person does when they receive a hard piece of work: look at it, and panic. Although I practiced this music religiously, I did so blindly. Wrong rhythms, out of tune, incorrect tempo. At every thought of auditioning, I got waves of anxiety throughout my entire being. How could I possibly make this feeling go away? The answer, the old, eighth grade me thought? Quit!
Fast forward a year, freshman year to be exact, and here we have Molly in the exact same situation as before. This time, more pressure! At this point in my

########
Rank: 26
Score: 30.270782
Retrieved Text: At Palm Springs Hearing Aid Center, we know you have many questions about hearing instruments and the process of choosing and evaluating the hearing aid that’s right for you. Let some of these frequently asked questions guide your decision, then schedule an appointment for a free, comprehensive hearing exam.
Our dual ears act as a receiving station for the brain. They are able to detect signals coming from different directions.
If our ears pick up the sound of an approaching vehicle as one example, our brain can determine from which direction the vehicle is coming. If we only have one ear functioning as it should, the exact location of the sound will be unclear. Also speech is better understood when our hearing is functioning properly in both ears. Speech heard only with one ear can sound flat and does not possess its rich nuances. Therefore we see the value of our hearing working as it should so that we may have the full quality of life that we all desire.
Are There Differing Degrees of Hearing Loss?
A person with a MILD hearing loss has difficulty hearing soft sounds and finds understanding speech in a noisy environment very challenging.
A person with a MODERATE hearing loss has difficulty hearing soft sounds as well as moderately loud sounds and has much difficulty understanding speech especially with background noise present.
A person with a SEVERE hearing loss has much difficulty understanding speech unless the speaker raises their voice. To be able to converse in a group setting is possible only with great effort.
A person

########
Rank: 27
Score: 30.258759
Retrieved Text: Best Headphones 2018: Welcome to TechRadar&apos;s comprehensive round-up of the best headphones in every style and at every price point in 2018.
It&apos;s hard to imagine a world without headphones – a world where music can only be enjoyed in concert halls or on speaker systems, exclusively. Headphones have their limitations, of course, but there&apos;s a reason they&apos;ve survived as long as they have.
Yes, they&apos;ve changed over the years – added fancy new features in the form of noise-cancellation of Hi-Res Audio playback over Bluetooth – but largely the pair of cans you bought 20 years ago could stand up to the ones made today.
…well, as long as you bought a quality pair of them they could.
The reasoning behind buying one of the best headphones on the market today is to get the features of today, and a build quality that will last tomorrow. Sure, you could buy discount-bin headphones at the checkout line, but they&apos;re unlikely to make it through the year, let alone for the next decade or two.
That said, it&apos;s our mission to hook you up with a pair of great-sounding headphones – the best headphones money can buy, even when you&apos;re on a budget.
We encourage you to take a look at all the headphone lists here on TechRadar – but, if you&apos;re in a hurry and just want to see the best headphones, period, this is the place for you. What you&apos;ll find below is our selection of the best headphones for each form-factor, and we&apos;ve even picked out a less-costly option for

########
Rank: 28
Score: 30.066992
Retrieved Text: RAISING 3 LITTLE MONKEYS: The weekend is finally over!
The weekend is finally over!
I wouldn't say this was the worst weekend we've had, but it's ranked pretty high. I've never felt such frustration with my kids.
It began Friday, the 1st, their 6 month b-day! Everything seemed all right in the morning. Everyone had gone down for their first nap relatively okay. Shortly after they woke up, I took them to my other triplet friends house. We were having a play date. When I arrived it was feeding time. Drake and Ava did great, although I had put them in Lindsay's space-saver high chairs that they were not used to. Dane sat in his seat and fussed the entire time. He maybe ate 2 1/2 oz and that was pretty much forced. I thought maybe he was just tired, so I put him back in his car seat and he fell right asleep. That night, he fussed way more than usual. And with him, is he cries, we know something is wrong. And it wasn't his normal cry, so I knew something was definitely wrong. I took his temperature and sure enough his temp wasn't normal. So we gave him Tylenol and he slept until morning.
Again, Saturday morning he seemed fine. It wasn't until later that afternoon that Chad took his temp again. This time much it was 101.5. So again he got Tylenol. And he seemed to sleep OK that night. It was Drake that got us that night. The second I got home from work, I

########
Rank: 29
Score: 30.012255
Retrieved Text: Singing what you hear is an important part of improving your perception. Let’s look at it from a body/mind perspective.
Recognizing that C and F is a perfect fourth is a cognitive exercise. You have to think about it. Maybe only for a split-second, but you still have to translate your physical experience, a verb, into a mental object, a noun.
The experience of C and F is a physical experience. It is a physical vibration traveling through the air and affecting your physical ear. You, who knows the sound of a perfect fourth, and a non-musician, who doesn’t know the name of what they are hearing, still hears the exact same physical vibration coming through the air. That means that the cognitive part of your ear training obviously separates you from the non-musician.
So naming intervals and understanding music theory is done with the mind while experiencing sound is accomplished by the body. Both are very important.
Take a look at the word emotion. It means, with motion. When we talk about our emotions, we say “I feel…” You feel things in your body. When you sing a tone, you feel the experience in your body. It’s real on the gross level. Whereas the mind experiences things on a more subtle level. If I punch you in the gut, you really feel it. If I insult you, you experience it in a different way. Sometimes that experience will have correlates in the body. So they’re intertwined. But if I punch you, your mind has no choice but to follow

================



======= Instance Index 42 =========
Input Text: A hard piece of rubber deflected off a stick and flew up and struck a fan, this could only happen at a what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- sporting event
- hockey game
- living room
- soccer game
- football stadium

Target Text: hockey game

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 29.793108
Retrieved Text: PA ANNOUNCEMENT - We’ll be cruising at an altitude of 60,000 ft and a speed of 1,000 mph. In a few moments time, we will be moving through the cabin to offer some refreshments.
Chris - Oh good. I am feeling rather thirsty. Right on cue.
Izzie - I think some snacks have just arrived.
Stewardess - Champagne, sir? Caviar, madam?
Chris - Have you got anything better than that?
Chris - The thing about flying is that you have to actually know how your aeroplane works in the first place. It is amazing that aeroplanes even fly. You think of a fully laden A380, for example, there are 800 people plus on there. So we thought we would do an experiment to explain how flight actually works and how aeroplanes and wings work. So who better to ask than kitchen science veteran and actually whizz making science experiments to show how things actually work and that’s Dave Ansell. Welcome to the program Dave.
Chris - What have you brought in?
Dave - I’ve got a lot of gadgetry here. I've got a big fan and model wings and things. Start off thinking about how planes fly is how you stay up in the first place. Everything is being pulled down by gravity and the fact you're not falling through the floor must mean there's a force pushing you upwards. And at the moment you're achieving that by applying a force downwards onto the chair and then Newton's laws mean that every action has an opposite reaction. The chair is pushing upwards with

########
Rank: 1
Score: 29.554115
Retrieved Text: Real or fake, getting reviews passed the increasingly finer tuned review filters of many of our favourite local business directories ain’t like it used to be.
Once was a time I could leave the most ridiculous, illegible reviews from Indian IPs and have them stick no problem. Today, even with fancy software and methods even the worst case of OCD would think crazy, isn’t working.
Alas, while these directories continue to tinker their systems, life must go on, and rankings must continue to improve. Reviews being an important piece of the local algo, there is no giving up. We must find a better way.
Long ago I abandoned Yelp, deeming their filter unreasonable and/or impenetrable. Then came a post that confirmed my suspicions. Yelp is looking for active accounts. Accounts with friends, engagement, history, etc. So, what did we do? In real Adam fashion, I got my fake accounts friending my other fake accounts. Fake accounts having full conversations with other fake accounts. And what’s more, these same fake accounts reviewing all kinds other local businesses. As predicted, my review stick rate for my clients improved. IN FACT, reviews which had previously been deflected/quarantined/blocked begun to show up too!
Despite all this though, my stick rate never reaches higher than 60-70% (Yelp), which was a big improvement from my previous 0%. On Google+ Local, we have gotten it up to 60%.
Now I have the resources and time to make this happen, but I sure as heck don’t see Joe Plumber fashioning himself 50 Yelp, 50 Google+ etc. profiles and then

########
Rank: 2
Score: 29.356468
Retrieved Text: ODESSA, TX— For a little while the Jackalopes thought they had a weekend sweep in their sights, up 2-0 in the first period. But the Shreveport Mudbugs had other ideas.
The defending Robertson Cup Champions defeated the Jacks 5-3 at the Ector County Coliseum.
Odessa struck first in the middle stages of the opening period. On the power play Vaclav Zidek deflected a high shot by James Crossman into the net. Though the Mudbugs protested the goal stood and the Jackalopes got off to a 1-0 lead. This was quickly followed up by Connor Smith’s first goal of the season that made it 2-0 Jackalopes.
Then the Mudbugs stormed back. They tied things up 2-2 in the late stages of the period, though the Jacks would also answer.
Off an offensive-zone face-off, a shot from the point missed the net but deflected off the boards to the stick of Matt Minerva. Minerva took a stride and stuffed on in short side to put the Jackalopes back on top 3-2.
Odessa took that lead into the locker room heading into the second period, though the Mudbugs were far from finished.
Shreveport rattled off two goals, both within a minute of each other, to take their first lead of the hockey game and the weekend 4-3.
The Jacks were able to kill of a slew of penalties in the closing stages of the second to set up a dramatic third period comeback.
Despite out-shooting Shreveport 11-4 in the final period, it was Shreveport that found the back of the net at the 11:56 mark of the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 29.26422
Retrieved Text: I shall in these notes endeavor to mark the three ways of falling short of certainty by the three terms probability, verisimilitude or likelihood, and plausibility. … Beginning with Plausibility, I will first endeavor to give an example of an idea which shall be strikingly marked by its very low degree of this quality. Suppose a particularly symmetrical larch tree near the house of a great lover of such trees had been struck by lightning and badly broken, and that as he was looking sorrowfully out of the window at it, he should have happened to say, “I wonder why that particular tree should have been struck, when there are so many about the place that seem more exposed!” Suppose, then, his wife should reply, “Perhaps there may be an eagle’s eyrie on some of the hills in the neighborhood, and perhaps the male bird in building it may have used some stick that had a nail in it; and one of the eaglets may have scratched itself against the nail; so that the mother may have reproached the male for using such a dangerous stick; and he, being vexed with her teasing, may have determined to carry the piece to a great distance; it may have been while he was doing this that the explosion of lightning took place, and the electricity may have been deflected by the iron in such a way as to strike this tree. Mind, I do not say that this is what did happen; but if you want to find

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.035505
Retrieved Text: Urethanes are a huge family of rubbers as well as plastics which are easy, economical, and quick to work with. Rubber elastomers and hard-plastic urethanes are extremely similar chemically, but the hard types have a plasticizer in their formula. It is easy to find urethanes which can be painted on and have great tensile strength, exceeding that of silicone rubber. Urethane rubber typically costs around $35 per gallon, a third of silicone’s price, and used as a paint-on, goes a long way. But each material has advantages: silicones allow one to cast wax, polyester, and urethane resins without any release agent, while urethanes usually require a spray-on mold release of some sort, and never release as nicely. None is needed for plaster or concrete, (although it will extend the mold’s useful life) or for wax when the mold is new. After casting resin into a urethane mold a while, the mold’s surface grows harder and rougher. You’ll have to replace it if a slick surface is vital.
Also, be aware of heat buildup, the real enemy of this rubber; the sooner you demold, the longer your mold will last. Demolding too early may cause distortion, but this can be used to advantage—urethane plastic castings taken out at the “leather-hard” stage may be draped and twisted considerably, and soon take their final set retaining these deformations. These castings easily knit with armatures and inclusions, and with each other. So a half-hard, half-rubbery piece or a living hinge is easy to pull off. And speaking of pulling things off:

########
Rank: 5
Score: 28.979795
Retrieved Text: I have also made a correction to Book 3, Chapter 70: The Past - Part 1 to change Dead Spirit Deep Pool to Forsaken Abyss.
A breeze blowing from the sea, accompanied by the intermittent long whistling, reverberated in the late night.
Everyone was delighted, their moods brightened and were intending to speed up and fly out of that dark forest. Suddenly, at that moment, a dark red stream of light shot out silently from the darkness, in a flash, hit He DaZhi who was in the middle of the group.
He DaZhi groaned, his body swayed, and fell from mid-air. Song Daren and the rest were shocked, but had already flew some distance in that span of seconds, quickly turned back. Zhang Xiao Fan, Tian LingEr who were following behind, also quickly flew towards He DaZhi.
He had not even completed the sentence, in the darkness, another stream of dark red light shot over. Du BiShu frowned, thrown himself sideways in front of He DaZhi, both of his hands moved to grab hold of his magical weapon, that three mysterious and strange dices immediately flew out, to receive that red light.
In the darkness, a sound “Yi” was heard from someone. That exclamation seemed to carry a feeling of odd surprise but it was directed at the outlook of the magical weapon. Whether Du BiShu’s skills were high or low, that stream of light did not hesitate and continue to attack.
In that split second, both objects collided. Du BiShu’s body shook from the impact and when that light hit onto

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.846937
Retrieved Text: If you need to learn about Air Conditioning Sydney & Ducted Air Conditioning Sydney, this article is for you. This article will lead you along the things you need to know about this. Take the time to read carefully and you will so fine.
Know what type of system before looking for a repair person. This will help you to give the new contractor any information they might need.
Clean your fan blades and coils come spring. Clean the outside of your condenser unit.
Before making that repair phone call, make sure you know the specifics about your particular system. Learn the brand, model, and if you have it, the maintenance history. That way you can provide the contractor with all the necessary information.
Be sure to regularly clean external condenser units regularly. You don’t know when things are going to pile up, like right after it’s windy or rains, and that can throw a wrench in your system. It could overheat and cause a disaster with your system to malfunction by overheating.
Have your heating and cooling system serviced twice a year. This should be checked often for debris and again in the spring.
It is always a good idea to replace single-paned windows with ones that have double pane ones. This also helps keep it warm in the colder months.
Don’t let grass clippings pile up against your outdoor condenser. Aim the grass clippings in the other direction. The same should happen if you are blowing leaves, so be especially careful when you are going by your exterior Air Conditioning Sydney

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.5943
Retrieved Text: It was a typical Friday night SEC baseball game with two stud pitchers, the kind of game you know is going to come down to the little things.
Unfortunately for Florida, the Gators weren’t the ones doing the little things.
Instead, Mississippi State manufactured runs, played stellar defense and got just enough outs to beat UF 6-5 as 4,213 watched at McKethan Stadium.
“There were just mistakes we made that cost us a run here and there,” said Florida coach Kevin O’Sullivan.
Mississippi State (17-1) scored in five consecutive innings and withstood a late Florida rally. UF had only two hits going into the eighth inning before scoring a run in the eighth and three in the ninth.
The fifth-ranked Gators (14-6) had the tying run on third in the ninth, but Brady McConnell struck out ending his 15-game hitting streak and the game.
The Gators also had a chance for more in the eighth when Nelson Maldonado singled up the middle to score one run and Kendrick Calilao drilled a ball deep into the right field corner. But Mississippi State’s Elijah MacNamee made a running catch at the warning track to end the inning.
Their guy was Ethan Small (2-0) who pitched six innings and struck out 11, his fourth double-digit strikeout total already this season.
Tommy Mace (4-1) pitched what O’Sullivan said was his best performance of the year, giving up three runs in 6 ⅓ innings.
Wil Dalton gave Florida a 1-0 lead when he took a 3-1 pitch and smashed it into the trees beyond the left field stands with two

########
Rank: 8
Score: 28.554485
Retrieved Text: In their hopes to win the playoffs of the Stanley Cup, NHL player will do anything for the sake of scoring goals. Following this rule, the Sharks captain Joe Pavelski was also on board to score a goal on Wednesday night even if that goal was made in a painful manner.
The captain of the San Jose Sharks, Joe Pavelski opened up the path for his team to score a goal in their match against the Golden Knights for playoffs first game. However, the puck shot by his teammate flew past him and deflected off of his face and moved into the net past the Knights’ goalie Marc-Andre Fleury. According to t sports media, the goal only cost him a few of his teeth.
This shot came from Brent Burns, the Sharks’ defenseman during the power play of the first period. Pavelski during that moment was standing near the front of the opposing team’s net. However, the 34 years old Pavelski did not saw the shot by Burns until it was too late for him to move away. The puck struck him right in the face before it moved into the net.
Pavelski after taking the hit in the face appealed to be in a lot of pain as he moved to the locker room for the later of the first period. However, once treated he came back in the second period while wearing a shield on his full face.
The first period of the game was closed with 1 more goal. As for the second period, Pavelski teammates scored

########
Rank: 9
Score: 28.542004
Retrieved Text: The Detroit Red Wings took an early 2-0 lead on power play goals and held off a surging Mighty Ducks of Anaheim team to hold on for a 3-2 win. It was the first meeting between the Wings and Ducks since head coach Mike Babcock left Anaheim for Detroit.
Pavel Datsyuk opened the scoring with a power play goal 4:37 into the game. Jason Woolley grabbed the puck at the blue line and sent it down to Datsyuk in the left circle, who fired a shot over the shoulder of Anaheim goalie Ilja Bryzgalov.
Robert Lang put Detroit up by two with the Red Wings’ second power play goal, scoring through a screen from the left circle at 9:56.
The Ducks struck back with 2:31 remaining in the opening period. Teemu Selanne got a pass from Scott Neidermayer in the low slot and one-timed the puck past Detroit netminder Manny Legace.
After a scoreless second period, the Wings’ power play struck again in the third. Mikael Samuelsson scored his sixth goal in eight games at 4:55, tipping a shot by Jason Woolley past Bryzgalov from the low slot.
At 7:58, Ryan Getzlaf pulled the Ducks back within one, firing a shot from the point that deflected off Dan Cleary‘s stick and over Legace’s glove.
In the closing minutes, the Ducks couldn’t control the puck to get a chance at tying the game and the Wings held on for the victory.
Legace finished the game with 23 saves on 25 shots while Bryzgalov made 36 stops on 39 shots.
The Detroit power play went 3-for-8.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 28.269194
Retrieved Text: Against league leaders Dagenham and Redbridge, Lambs boss Gary Mills made no changes to the side that had defeated Gravesend in midweek. Matt Williams, Steve Burton and Simon Weaver were all close but not close enough to risk in another massive game for Tamworth and only time would tell if the squad could pull off a shock against the ‘champions elect’.
An early shot from Paul Benson after he found space 35 yards from goal was very easy for Jose Veiga to collect but there was no sitting back from The Lambs although Taiwo Atieno’s header from a long throw went wayward on 2.
Benson forced Veiga to tip the ball over his bar on 4 with a speculative chip from 12 yards but the Lambs keeper collected the resultant corner.
Benson forced another corner off Emmet Friars on 9 and when Simon Heslop’s clearance fell to Dave Rainford the Daggers midfielder struck for goal, but Viega saved low to stop his shot.
Ben Strevens latched onto a missed clearance from Bains on 11 but struck high off target before the Lambs won a free kick 35 yards from goal. John McGrath chipped the deadball forward and it eventually fell to Jake Edwards who tried a shot from a tight angle which Tony Roberts saved, before the Daggers defence cleared the danger.
A deflected long low ball into the area found Benson again on 17, but his first touch let him down and Veiga was able to collect easily.
Graeme Law cut out a low ball in from the right from Strevens

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.222778
Retrieved Text: After winning Game 6 of their Western Conference quarter-final series on Monday, the Nashville Predators saw a message in their locker room: "Noon flight to Anaheim. Pack for six days."
Colin Wilson, Paul Gaustad and Pekka Rinne ensured those instructions would remain relevant.
Wilson and Gaustad scored in the first period as the Predators eliminated the Anaheim Ducks from the Stanley Cup playoffs with a 2-1 victory in the seventh game of the series on Wednesday at the Honda centre.
Rinne stopped 36 shots for the Predators, who will face the San Jose Sharks on Friday in the first game of the conference semi-finals.
"I was able to see most of the shots," Rinne said. "Defensively, I thought we did an excellent job. Sometimes, you have to win games like that."
Ducks left winger Andrew Cogliano agreed.
"Tonight was probably one of our best offensive games in the series, if not the best," Cogliano said, "but they gutted it out. They're a tough team to play against in their own end because they cut cycles off."
The victory came in the first Game 7 in Predators history.
"It's a big step," Nashville coach Peter Laviolette said. "If you don't take this step, you can't take any more steps."
Ryan Kesler scored the only goal for the Ducks, who received 18 saves from goalie Frederik Andersen yet failed to win a seventh game for the fifth time since 2009.
For the fourth consecutive year, opponents eliminated Anaheim in a Game 7 while the Ducks served as the home team.
"We were playing catch-up the whole game, the whole

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.15267
Retrieved Text: These are most commonly known as devil sticks or juggling sticks and sometimes called flower sticks.
The reason they are known as devil sticks is that when you get good at tricks, it looks like the sticks are moving by magic, and therefore "the work of the devil." It's all about illusion.
Juggling Sticks are a lot of fun to make and play with, and suitable for kids (every make is a great opportunity to teach children how to use tools safely as well as developing confidence and skills, spending quality time together and encouraging curiosity, independence and knowledge about how things work).
You can see another way of making these, with different materials here thanks to origamiwolf.
A couple of videos (not mine): simple tricks anyone can pick up in half an hour / fancy pants performance sticks (skip to 1.39 for interesting stuff; don't play with fire without proper training/supervision, and don't play on train tracks. /endpublicserviceannouncement).
Sticks (2 short, 1 long) - I've used bamboo as it is incredibly cheap and an environmentally sustainable product. I got this green bamboo from Bunnings Warehouse (NZ). [15x 90cm green bamboo stakes, $7.28 - I got four sets of juggling sticks from 6 stakes, the rest will be used in the garden] I think it's better to buy the longer sticks and cut to size, as the longer ones tend to be thicker. I'd say 8-12mm thickness is best. Some people prefer dowelling as you can get a more uniform thickness and the sticks will be perfectly straight. That will put

########
Rank: 13
Score: 28.113712
Retrieved Text: Black rubber thing from hard drive!
I was recently removing my hard drive as it went faulty and had to be returned. When taking it out I noticed a long-ish black rubber part that looks like it would have sat in and protected the hard drive when inside the laptop. I can't get this back inside and I really don't want to open the mac as I'm not really sure what I'm doing. This might sound stupid but how essential is this part? Could I get away without it?!
When those come out, I'd recommend taking off the topcase in order to put the rubber piece and the drive back in, because with the top off you have a MUCH better view of the drive compartment, and instead of trying to slide the drive and the rubber piece in the long way, which 99% of the time just causes it all to get bunched up, you can drop it in from the top, which is much easier. Plus, there are indentations along the inside wall that parts of the rubber piece are meant to go into, and those are nearly impossible to match up without removing the topcase.
Granted, it does take an extra 10 minutes to remove the topcase, but in my opinion it's well worth saving the aggravation that is likely with the alternative.
I like the rubber cement suggestion -- the next time I have this problem I'm going to remove the topcase, rubber cement the rubber piece in, and then drop in the drive.
Yes, that sounds

########
Rank: 14
Score: 28.079424
Retrieved Text: 21 | February | 2010 | Through the seasons before us..
Nine straight wins in the league at the City Ground, and huge congratulations to Billy and the boys for delivering it – a new club record. Towards the end of our unbeaten run the fixation was on our going so long without defeat on our travels, in the meantime we were already building a fairly formidible home run. Probably temporarily we find ourselves elevated to second in the league again – hoping for Bristol City to do us a favour this afternoon.
Yesterday’s game was pretty even, if truth be told. That said, the best chances were created by Forest – and in the second half Chris Cohen was on hand to put one of them away after a slick-passing counter-attack. Another poor refereeing display saw Forest finish the game on three bookings, only one of which was warranted, with the much more physical visitors only picking up one despite the game being littered with fouls.
The game started at quick pace – and it was quite end-to-end, without any real clear chances. Flood threatened for Boro but was tackled well by Wils, and a long range effort from the very up-for-it looking Majewski was just wide. Shortly after David ‘Cheater’ Wheater fouled Earnie, giving us a freekick from 25 yards or so which Raddy struck well – just hitting the crossbar and out for a goalkick. At the time I thought Coyne had it covered, watching the highlights suggests he may not have done.
Boro had a spell

########
Rank: 15
Score: 28.028141
Retrieved Text: As a child I was fascinated by fliers ... and now I re-discovered this fascination.
a helicopter and a monoplane driven by rubber.
The heli flew very well, but the plane didn't. I guess it was the paper.
Paper has the tendency to warp very fast under the influences of humidity and temperature.
I found phantastic models on the web. Most of them created by North Americans.
I really got excited about the possibilities to build really simple, but working flyers.
Here I want to share my experiences with you.
got warped really soon, so its flying behavior was not that well for long.
Flies phantastic, flights of 20 seconds are possible ( launched from a hill with rubber catapult ).
My first attempt of an own design with wood. It uses a modular concept. On the right photo you can see the single parts.
Very nice to play around with the center of gravity and to exchange parts: wings, tail, motor stick.
Motor stick made of pine wood, wing structure made of kebab sticks. Covering domestic paper.
It flew well as a glider, but the wings warped very soon and the flying behavior got worse. Also it was too heavy.
Weight was about 30 to 40 grams.
Based on the design of the Delta Dart ( AMA ) I built this one. It flew better but was still too heavy. approx. 20 grams.
Motor stick made of pine wood, wing structure made of balsa. Covering domestic paper.
but with rubber power it failed to climb.
Motor stick, wing structure. Covering domestic paper.
The squirrel - design by Darcy White.
Weight less than 10 grams.
simple,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.952576
Retrieved Text: I emailed an order to the stores last Thursday and received the goods first thing Saturday. Great service! Thanks Jeremy.
I’ve built W irons with one fixed and the other pivoting on a piece of normal rubber band attached to the floor. Cheap and works.
I picked up a pack of 24 tiny (1.5 x 3mm) Neodymium magnets with the thought of using them for things like securing carriage roofs etc. But could they cause problems with "twitchy" servos; point motors etc?
I've been musing on the gap between the dock and the buffers. It struck me that the distance is perfect for small boys to slip down. Could this have been the reason it was incorporated? Attitudes towards children have changed significantly over the years.
Thanks for the course today Terry, you did a wonderful job. Very inspiring.
Maybe he just had a sleep problem?
When I started working in this gauge someone gave me two pieces of advice. Spring your buffers and avoid reverse curves. I know Julian's example is a test track and invaluable as such, but the real railway avoided them whenever possible.
Knuckles, can I suggest you build a test segment in both P4 and OO to see which you feel comfortable with and which works as a test, before setting of on one road or the other?
What I love about those G5s (amongst lots of other things) is the impression of sheer weight you’ve captured. They look like real hard working engines.
I'm not normally a fan of a pre-group loco receiving a post-grouping livery - but in

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.918386
Retrieved Text: 10:17 a visitor! on the right branch.
They called short and contiue their nestwork. Must be a kid of them?
the tail looks unbroken. it must be Robis. they would not tolerate a stranger like this.
10:22 Raimis called again. they aren't happy about the visit though.
Is there a little fish for me?
Do you have a fishi? Just a little bit?
10:24 Milda made a schoo!-move with her wings and the stranger flew away.
chose! oh no, that was the picture which i happened to get clicking live. i took it with the old pc which is showing the stream about a minute later than the new one. i heard on the new pc that something was going to happen and then i clicked the older.
i made a video of the whole visit.
10:26 Milda got up to the top branch. for a few seconds Raimis thought of pulling her tail... but he gave up the idea.
10:35 there was some noise under the nest. Raimis looked down.
10:36 Milda flew away. she didn't pay any attention to the noise.
10:40 Milda came with a stick.
10:41 Milda went to the top branch.
10:46 (nearly) Milda brought a stick.
10:47 Milda went to the top branch.
10:48 Raimis went to the left branch.
this is a video of Milda's stick delivery and the stick dance.
10:57 Milda brought a big twig.
10:59 she jumped to the right branch.
She jumps on the right .. marking her branch?
that was funny: she could be heard coming a long way.
marking came to my mind, too, but i suppose not. these are not cats nor dogs.
... and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.706118
Retrieved Text: The romance of the FA Cup remains firmly in Reading after Yakubu came off the bench to fire a Valentine's Day winner against ten man Derby County at the iPro Stadium this afternoon.
A pulsating cup tie remained goalless at half-time although Simon Cox had struck the base of the post to come closest for the visitors and Steve McClaren's men had been reduced to ten men after Stephen Warnock had picked up a second yellow card for a foul on Jamie Mackie.
Hal Robson-Kanu then put Steve Clarke's side ahead with a sublime finish capping off a lovely move from the Royals. But soon after Derby were level when Jesse Lingard's drive deflected off Darren Bent and found a way past the wrongfooted Federici.
With less than 20 minutes remaining in the tie, Clarke introduced Yakubu and the Nigerian star struck the winner when Reading counter attacked through the heart of Derby's midfield - Robson-Kanu feeding it into the feet of the substitute and the Yak touching the ball onto his left boot and drilling past Kelle Roos for 2-1. And this time there was no way back for County.
Reading are in the quarter-finals of the FA Cup!
Derby: Roos, Christie, Bryson, Keogh (c), Warnock, Shotton, Mascarell (Forsyth 44), Hendrick, Lingard, Dawkins (Ward 68), Bent.
Subs: Mitchell, Buxton, Thorne, Thomas, Hughes.
Reading: Federici, Kelly, Obita, Hector, Pearce (c), Chalobah (Akpan 79), Williams, Robson-Kanu, Mackie (Yakubu 72), Cox, Pogrebnyak (Blackman 72).
Subs: Andersen, Cooper, Norwood, Taylor.
In the opening minute, the high-flying Rams carved an early opportunity, some quick precise passing ending with a

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.587967
Retrieved Text: Hey Pups! Wolf is probably the king of rubber dogs in the Sirius Pup Pack. Today he was kind enough to make a bit of a video showing off some of the features of his rubber dog hood.
If you are a rubber fan there is nothing better than the full sensory overload of wearing a rubber dog hood.
Tight against you skin you can enjoy the sensation, smells and warmth of when you are in rubber from head to toe.
Actually cool story, I had my bro Wolf staying over one night and when I woke up Wolf was right beside me in his rubber dog hood and pup suit!
I was rock hard in about 5 seconds flat so quickly got up and put my Rubberdawg hood and suit on so we could be rubber pups together 🙂 .
Anyways I hope you enjoy Wolf’s video on why he loves his rubber dog hood.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.556189
Retrieved Text: In the last Hey! I conducted a most unscientific survey of some of our most veteran contradancers. Bottom line: almost no one who dances contra long-term (and with a minimum of pain) does so in off-the-shelf shoes. Instead, a variety of do-it-yourself strategies are employed to transform existing footwear into something suited to the unique stresses contra places on a dancer’s body.
A common problem is that shoes which are supportive or provide cushion also tend to have exceedingly grippy soles. Most of us want to spin on the ball of the foot. One solution is to glue a slick material onto the bottoms of shoes that have the support/cushioning you want. Here’s how.
I’ve tried contradancing with these shoes straight out of the box, but in our humid North Carolina climate, the microfiber very quickly loaded with sticky gunk, making twirling and spinning a knee-jerking response, so to speak. However, the nearly flat surface is easy to glue over. Really, any pair of shoes you find comfortable for long, hard wear and with a reasonably smooth sole will do.
At this point, you could take your chosen shoes to a local cobbler and have leather or suede glued on. It will probably adhere better than what you can do yourself. Or you could buy stick-on soles which some contradancers have tried and liked. One version of those soles appears to be made from synthetic products—a good choice for those who oppose using animals for human purposes. I’ve tried using plastic disks cut from milk jugs, but they pretty

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.529594
Retrieved Text: I am glad to be at home.
No place as warm as home.
Starting my day with hot coffee while writing in to my diary...enjoying 'Big Bang' song....I feel like I get my path right today. Praying hard God let me go through out today with peace!
Good sign ? Bad sign?
Don't know....only God knows what coming for me through out the year.
I just hope..what coming is not that bad and not that difficult to handle.
Anyway, I find myself going through some paid off debts time since year started.
1. My car two front tire was very slippery and almost cause me accident...end up changed 2 front tires and the mechanic told me the tire was at that danger level...ahhhh...my bad for being ignorance!!!!
2. Saving somebody ....yup!!! part of my existence on earth to be that 'Wonder Woman' and rescue everybody around me. That is why I hate to be around people especially the so called human who live selfishly. Anyway, what 'Wonder Woman' got to do ..she just need to do it without complain. I live it to you God!
3. Sent my parent back North (sound like I sent them off to North Korea eh??? hihihih)....on the way back..then stone hit my front wind screen....here goes..more cash and time out to change that big wind screen. Yaya... I have that insurance that I can claim...but all this takes time and very troublesome and disturb my daily life.
Then another half way drove back, one stupidly modified proton wira at the fast lane..me at the middle lane. That stupid modified wira

########
Rank: 22
Score: 27.52541
Retrieved Text: Westfield's footballers could count themselves unfortunate to suffer their first home defeat of the season against table-topping opposition this afternoon (Saturday).
The Westies had most of the play and the chances, but were edged out 1-0 by Macron Store Southern Combination Football League Division Two leaders Bosham at a sunny Parish Field.
Asher Grindle on the ball for Westfield.
Westfield produced a very good performance against a side which is eight points clear at the top of the table and unbeaten away from home all season, but just lacked a finishing touch in front of goal.
Sam Ellis was denied by a point blank save from Bosham goalkeeper Kieran Magee following a good cross by Asher Grindle prior to the game's major talking point.
Bosham defender Andy Probee was booked for bringing down Ellis right on the edge of the box, although Westfield felt he was the last man and the colour of the card should've been red. Charlie Cornford struck the resulting free kick just wide.
Jimmy Ruston sent a looping header just over for Bosham, while at the other end, Cornford was just off target with a powerful drive and put an angled effort into the side-netting, and Ellis saw a deflected shot saved.
Romeo Ugbene closes down a Bosham opponent.
Bosham grabbed the all-important goal in the 37th minute. Amid a suspicion of offside, Martyn Durrant bundled over Nick Edginton in the left-hand side of the box as Westfield looked at it and Bradley Miles sent Harry Stapley the wrong way with the resulting penalty.
Westfield had a penalty shout for handball

########
Rank: 23
Score: 27.425432
Retrieved Text: When removing the fan, begin by lifting the side with only one screw because the other side has the wiring tucked under a rubber piece that’s bendable. Push the rubber piece to the side to get the wire out from under it so you can completely remove the fan.
I opened my unit to expect it before I buy the new fan because I found fan failure in debug log of my airport utility instead of overheat which was presented right after login into airport utility. The fan costs about 23$ on ebay - not cheap at all!! Turns out the fan is OK but it just needed a bit of oil because it could barely spin (with my hand! on it's own id did not turn at all). I opened the fan casing - be careful no to break the plastic clips and pulled the fan straight up from the mechanism. What can go wrong, if its broken its broken, right? :) … I put a very small amount of oil on the shaft itself (not in the mechanism!!!) and pushed it back to into the mechanism. Then I tried to turn the fan a bit both ways with my hand and with each turn it had less resistance. When I plugged the disassembled unit into power (I really really really do not recommend that!!!) the fan started to turn on its own. The unit is now fully assembled and works for the past 2 days without overheat warning. Hope this helps!
I found a fan on

########
Rank: 24
Score: 27.368156
Retrieved Text: Two years ago, while cutting down a small Virginia pine no larger than 4” in diameter, I was almost badly hurt as the tree I cut down pulled down another pine with it that fell on me. The tree that struck me over the head was also only 4” DBH; however, it almost knocked me out. I saw stars, fell to the side, and luckily pushed the chainsaw out of my way as I fell.
After I regained my bearings I realized how bad the situation could have been. While the tree that hit me was small, it had dead branches broken off all along the stem that looked like small daggers. One of these hit me on my back and glanced off leaving a cut and a hefty bruise on the back of my ribs. If one of these dagger limbs had struck me square in the back I believe it would have broken right through my skin and ribs, causing internal damage.
Prior to this event, I had always felt that a chainsaw accident would not happen to me. As soon as this happen, I bought all necessary safety equipment for using my chainsaw. Everyone is susceptible to accidents no matter how careful they believe they are, so safety equipment is essential!
Chainsaws are probably the most versatile tool that any hunter and land manager can own. However, they are extremely dangerous. I like to think of a chainsaw as 10 pounds of pure muscle with over 70% of its surface area being a rotating razor-sharp blade.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 27.313217
Retrieved Text: BRIAN WOODALL snatched a deserved point for Dagenham and Redbridge with his 87th-minute equaliser against their high-flying Essex rivals.
Until then the visitors had looked as though they would come away empty- handed despite creating the majority of chances but lacking a killer instinct.
Daggers manager John Still praised his side and felt the draw was the least they deserved.
He said: “It was a good result but a good performance, too. I think the performance was worthy of three points.
“Given our problems, even today with Kevin Maher coming off, we’ve had to put a centre-half in central midfield.
“I think one or two of the less experienced players that found it hard earlier in the season are now coping with it.
“Overall it was a very good and very strong performance but we need to keep turning up with these performances.
Southend boss Paul Sturrock agreed that his side were lucky to escape with a point.
“We didn’t deserve anything, we were poor and it’s very difficult to win when you’re playing like that,” he said.
“I’m not sure if it’s down to the number of games or the mental approach but maybe after winning in midweek players felt that they just had to turn up to win and that’s very disappointing.
Jon Nurse should have headed Dagenham into an early lead but his effort flew across goal and wide after fine work from Woodall.
cross from the byline but Cristian Montano’s glancing header drifted agonisingly wide.
Southend responded as Ryan Leonard’s effort from the edge of the area was deflected on to the bar before

########
Rank: 26
Score: 27.245882
Retrieved Text: Buffalo came into Montreal after defeating the Toronto Maple Leafs in a shootout this past Thursday. That bumped Buffalo up in the standings, leaving them just four points out of a playoff spot. That’s incredible.
There would be no scoring in the first 30 minutes of the game, and for Buffalo, that was a gift.
The Canadiens outshot the Sabres 13-5 in the first period, and spent the majority of the first 20 minutes in Buffalo’s zone. The effort Buffalo gave in the first period was what every Sabres fan is used to watching. Chasing the puck around in their own zone, not being able to clear the puck out even though there was a clear lane to do so, and Ryan Miller having to do backflips in net. You’d think the Sabres were out of this game, just like you thought they were completely out of the playoff race — but in classic Buffalo style, they prove us wrong.
Nine minutes into the second period, Mike Blunden would be whistled for interference sending Buffalo to the power play. Just 39 seconds after Blunden’s penalty, PK Subban tossed the puck up over the glass which would give Buffalo a 91 second 5-on-3 power play.
Cody Hodgson had the puck along the half wall in Montreal’s zone where he and Jason Pominville would play catch. As soon as Pominville got the puck back to Hodgson, Hodgson fired a pass to Ehrhoff at the point. Ehrhoff let a heavy clapper go right on net that deflected off of Thomas Vanek’s stick and

########
Rank: 27
Score: 27.217485
Retrieved Text: Three Rock Rovers’ penalty corner machine saw them land the Irish Senior Cup for the 11th time as Luke Madeley struck three times from the set piece to see off Pembroke 5-2 at Belfield.
It backed up their 5-1 Saturday win against Glenanne in the semi-final, making it their fifth trophy of the campaign already, adding to Mills Cup, Neville Cup, National Indoor Trophy and EuroHockey Challenge II crowns.
It might have been more comfortable but for Mark Ingram producing a series of good saves between the posts that kept them in the game until the closing 10 minutes.
Alternatively, though, the Dublin 4 side will rue a disallowed goal to make it 3-3 with the game in the balance when Alan Sothern’s ball across looked set to dribble over the line until Tim Hill tipped in with his back-stick.
It was initially awarded by the nearer umpire Russell Donaldson before getting a message via radio from the far end. The video afteward – and the lack of Pembroke complaints on-pitch – suggested the right call was reached.
It was a pivotal moment. Six minutes later, Rovers got the game-breaking goal when John Mullins deflected in another corner to put them out of range.
Early on, Pembroke – without the services of Harry Spain who was in a sling in the wake of the semi-final win at Lisnagarvey – showed nerves in defence in the first seconds with Kevin Mullins firing wide from a simple interception and Mitch Darling stung Ingram’s pads.
Rovers presented Sothern with a gift from a clearance down his

########
Rank: 28
Score: 27.150291
Retrieved Text: All these 124 chassis cars are 20 years or older. That is when rubber parts start to fail regardless of mileage. If you want to restore the factory ride and handling Kent strongly recommends you replace the top rubber mounts when you replace the shocks.
ONLY fits years and US SL models listed above!! TUMBLERS NO LONGER AVAILABLE WORLD WIDE.
If your 380SL or SLC key is stuck or is sticking this may be your only option for repair! New tumbler and key assemblies for these cars are no longer being made.New O.E. steering lock with special tumbler and two keys as shown.
If you have been around old Mercedes for any length of time, you have probably run into a problem with your ignition key starting to "stick" or one that does not turn. This problem can leave you stranded and could cost hundreds of dollars to fix $$$.
If you have been around old Mercedes for any length of time, you have probably run into a problem with your ignition key starting to "stick" or one that would not turn. This problem can leave you stranded and could cost hundreds of dollars to fix $$$.
This is the Permatex Brand Extreme Brake Parts Lubricant. 100 percent synthetic formula with ceramic solids. It resists moisture and corrosion and will not wash out. Lasts longer than any other caliper grease. Silences brake noise across a much wider temperature range.
Worried about the internal condition of the fuel tank on your old 1959 to 1972 mechanical fuel injected Mercedes? Not sure if it

########
Rank: 29
Score: 27.141985
Retrieved Text: The high gloss finish to the Phantom 240 really has to be seen to be believed, as does the colour match between the painted white of the chassis and the plastic of the front and top fasciae. We're also very pleased with the quality of the shut lines, with only the wide angle lens on the camera showing up and real gaps we could find.
Opening up the front door reveals three 5.25" bays along with their removable plastic blanks. We're not too sure there's a real need for three bays these days but then as this case doesn't have a fan controller then we guess there's a small excuse to be had.
With the door shut you really wouldn't know it was there so good is the fit. Below it there lies a mesh area, again unfiltered, this time covering the front intake where a single white bladed 120mm fan is fitted. There's room above it for a second 120mm unit if you should decide you need a bit more airflow.
The rear of the 240 is pretty standard, with a 120mm fan grill providing exhaust for the fitted fan behind. Below this we find a pair of grommeted tubing holes beside the seven Black vented expansion slot covers. Down at the bottom of course there's the ATX PSU cut out.
The case stands on four dense plastic feet which have thin rubber caps glued to their underside providing a stable platform for the case and lifting it a good inch off the deck. A large single piece of

================



======= Instance Index 43 =========
Input Text: A homeless person asked Jim for advice.  Jim wasn't religious, but he told the person something that he remembered.  What might he have told the person?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- hospital
- street corner
- synagogue
- fairy tale
- advice

Target Text: fairy tale

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 48.3522
Retrieved Text: Showing 46 - 50 of 121 Tales.
I worked for nearly 20 years as an emergency planner for a Scottish local authority.
On Wednesday 15 February 2006, I was invited to a meeting with my line manager at 1400 hours in his office. He advised me that our departmental director had identified the production of a generic major incident plan as a priority and she wanted it completed within three months. He said that I was to move into an empty office across from his own and we would work on it together. I was extremely surprised by this instruction, especially as it meant that that I would be unable to discharge other duties that fell to me in my position, not only in respect of my employing authority, but also under a service level agreement for the local health service.
I suspected that I was being set up for disciplinary action. My managers would have expected me to fight tooth and nail to remain in the Emergency Centre. I raised no objection to his proposal and his demeanour immediately confirmed that my acquiescence was unexpected. I asked him what was going to happen to the Emergency Centre and he said that his emergency planning assistant Jim (false name) would be there. The meeting went on much longer than I felt the discussion warranted but we were on reasonably amicable terms. Before leaving his office I suggested that he ring Jim and advise him what had been decided.
He agreed to this and I walked back to my office. When

########
Rank: 1
Score: 47.831615
Retrieved Text: We are the Winter Hospitality Overflow (WHO), an organization in Vancouver, Washington, devoted to helping those in need during winter’s coldest months.
Guests are offered not only a warm place to sleep, but a hot shower, meal, and the welcome and warmth of a caring community working to address the most basic of human needs.
Over the years, the generous contributions, donated facilities, and thousands of volunteer hours are testimonials to the compassionate response of the Clark County community.
If you are in need of assistance November 1 to March 30, call the Housing Hotline at (360) 695-9677, Monday to Friday, between 9 am to 5 pm and on weekends from 11 am to 2 pm.
It is with great sorrow and regret that we share the sad news that Pastor Jim Stender passed away on February 8. It is hard to put into words the shock and loss all of us at WHO are feeling. Pastor Jim was the rock and spiritual leader for WHO as well as pastor of St. Andrew Lutheran Church. He was instrumental in the creation of, and oversight for, the Winter Hospitality Overflow homeless program. His commitment to the WHO was unwavering for 16 years.
congregations. While Amy had never had an experience where person after person offered up money without being asked, Jim just turned to her and said, “This happens here.” It was a miracle he was familiar with, because he inspired those around him to be the miracle workers he knew they all could be—he inspired people to be their best. Jim

########
Rank: 2
Score: 44.831814
Retrieved Text: I went to yet another new intersection with the cross this afternoon--the corner of The Old Road and Constitution Avenue, in Stevenson Ranch (CA). As I walked from the nearby parking lot to the corner, I prayed the Lord would allow me to hand out a few tracts and talk to at least one person.
Before I reached the corner, two teenage boys accepted tracts as they walked by me. When I arrived at the corner, I thanked God for answering one of my prayers so quickly. I then prayed for all the motorists and pedestrians who would see the cross--that the Lord would use something as foolish-looking to some as a man standing on the corner with a cross to somehow bring Himself glory.
About a half-hour into my time on the corner, I saw a man walking toward me, from north to south, on the opposite side of Constitution Avenue. Even from a distance, I had a sense we were going to have a conversation. He had a smile and a look of curiosity on his face, and his eyes were fixed on the cross.
The man crossed the street and stepped onto the sidewalk, at my corner. I handed him an Are You Ready? tract, which he accepted. Instead of walking away, as most people do, he began to pace in front of me.
The man (we'll call him Jim) pointed up at the cross and said, "This is really good, what you're doing."
"So, I guess this is the year."
"The year for what?" I asked.
"No one knows

########
Rank: 3
Score: 44.580315
Retrieved Text: The results of acknowledging someone who challenges us!
I’m always excited at a project kickoff – the hopefulness and the initial enthusiam about the project always puts me in a good mood. But on this day, my kickoff happiness was tempered when I realized a certain person was assigned to my team: Jim was my technical lead, and I was grouchy about it. I walked away from the kickoff mumbling to myself about how I would have to put up with this guy’s negative comments – he never had a positive thing to say about anything. At every meeting, he would interject with statements like, “No, that won’t work,” or “You will never complete that on time,” and to be honest, he just irritated me. I decided to sit down and have a good talk with myself – this guy was on my team, and no amount of whining or wrangling was going to get me a new technical lead, so I had to just deal with it.
About that time, I remembered some of the concepts I read in Judy’s book: I remembered that acknowledging someone could change their attitude, and I thought that doing something different might change the dynamics of the situation. In our next team meeting, Jim did his usual – he shot down every idea, and ridiculed every deadline we set, and as usual everyone ignored him and kept talking about our project. But, this time, I stopped and took a breath, and said, “Jim, can you tell us more about why you

########
Rank: 4
Score: 44.409546
Retrieved Text: It was fortunate that Jim was in town and could take time out from recording his new album to talk with us. We felt we would have been hard pressed to come up with somebody who represents what Jim does; a "today" happening writer, who has had his songs recorded as hits that have reached the Top 40, R & B, Country and MOR markets. And, as a singer songwriter, has had a hit record of his own.
I, personally, was going to meet Jim for the first time and was wondering what to expect. With a string of hit songs behind him like, Neither One of Us, Midnight Train to Georgia, and You're the Best Thing that Ever Happened to Me, all coming in a very short period of time, it occurred to me that that was an awful lot of success to assimilate quickly. I felt a very strong relatedness to his songs and felt I knew where he was coming from. And I was hoping that meeting him would add to my appreciation of Jim as an artist and as a person.
Well, success has not spoiled Jim Weatherly in the least. After speaking with him for just a few minutes you become aware that he is warm, grateful for his success, aware of who he is, and very relaxed with that knowledge. He has worked hard to get where he is today both professionally and personally, and projects an enjoyment at having gotten there.
Jim Weatherly was born in the town of Pontotoc, Mississippi, 32

########
Rank: 5
Score: 43.80939
Retrieved Text: We vacation in South Dakota. Sturgis Rally Week to be exact, yep the President and Vice-President both ride motorcycle in fact so does Emma Zen our name sake! You can click here to find out more about that story.
On July 27th 2014 our Vice President Jim Chiapuzio rode to Black Hills Harley Davidson to get a new tire for his bike. Now picture this, it's a week before the rally starts but there are still hundreds of bikes and cars in the parking lot. Many large tents where vendors will soon be vending. When he heard an announcement over the loud speakers, "We have become aware of a dog locked in a car with the windows up. Please return to your vehicle and remove your dog!"
Jim is everything a man to me is. The announcement was more of an alarm to him. He got on the phone and called the police department to ask if it was illegal in this state the officer answered with a voice of authority, "no it is not yet illegal in our state, however we take this action very seriously and will come out and break the window." Jim then went to the parts counter where the announcement came from and said, "where is the car with the dog in it?"
The man at the counter didn't know where the car was at and the lot was huge. He looked at Jim funny and said "why is it your dog?" "If it were my dog it wound't be locked in the car!"

########
Rank: 6
Score: 43.797474
Retrieved Text: I'm trying to work on speaking better with laypeople about God and atheism.
I will set the fictional conversation between me and Jim, who is a minister that I debate from time to time on a different forum.
Jim: If there is no God then morality is relative, conditioned by society. But if morals are relative and conditioned by society then murder is not absolutely immoral (even if it is illegal). Therefore, either you must posit an absolute moral law giver, or you must concede that murder is not absolutely immoral.
DoctorO: Jim, can I ask you a few questions?
DoctorO: Firstly, let me ask you this. If I said that Santa Claus is a man, would that be a true statement?
Jim: Yes, Santa definitely is a man, and he wears a red suit.
DoctorO: Okay, is Santa Claus a real person?
DoctorO: But you said that it is true that Santa Claus is a man and has a red suit. How could he not be real?
Jim: Well, Santa is imaginary. We just assume that he is a man and wears a red suit.
DoctorO: So, you're saying, that by definition, Santa Claus is a man who wears a red suit, but that doesn't mean he's real. He's just imaginary.
DoctorO: Okay, lets talk about cholesterol and heart attacks.
Jim: How is that relevant?
DoctorO: Would you agree that cholesterol in your arteries can cause you to have a heart attack?
Jim: Well, we have proof for it. We know by science and medical studies that atherosclerosis can cause your arteries to be clogged, and they can

########
Rank: 7
Score: 42.734432
Retrieved Text: Survivor: South Pacific eliminated castaway Mark "Papa Bear" Caruso from the game after he lost the season's second Redemption Island duel to Christine Shields Markoski during Wednesday night's broadcast of the fourth episode of the CBS reality series' 23rd edition.
"When I saw Survivor, I said, 'Someday, I'm going to be on that show. I don't know how I'm going to get on that show but someday, I'm going to audition for that show.' And all the cops and firemen were like, 'Oh, yeah, you'll get on hahaha.' And now, to fulfill that dream, I feel blessed," Papa Bear, a 48-year-old retired New York City police detective from Forest Hills, NY, told Survivor host Jeff Probst when asked how it felt to achieve his goal of competing on the show following his ouster.
Later in the episode, the Upolu tribe also voted Stacey Powell out of their tribe at the season's fourth Tribal Council session.
As the game's newest Tribal Council victim, Stacey, a 44-year-old mortician from Dallas, TX, will now take Papa Bear's place on Redemption Island, where she will battle Christine, a 39-year-old teacher from Merrick, NY, in the game's next duel and attempt to eventually earn a chance to rejoin the game's other remaining castaways and resume competing for Survivor: South Pacific's million dollar prize.
"Tribal was a joke today and they're talking about loyalty? You need to be loyal to nobody but God. They're over there being loyal to their god, which is Coach. When this Redemption time comes, I'm going to spill everything that's going

########
Rank: 8
Score: 42.66818
Retrieved Text: Wolfen Down Burgers with the FETS!
These burgers fell under the category of “bigger doesn’t always mean better”. A lot of places start out great and get so comfortable with a constant flow of customers that they forget to do a quality check. The day you open you explain to the head cook exactly what Wolf Burgers is all about. After a few years and a few chefs later, you walk in to only see the numbers and get lost in the everyday operations. Forgetting that there is a customer behind those numbers.
I do these write ups for fun. They are my hobby and what I love to do. For my real job I retouch and composite digital images, serve as a digital tech and on the occasion… Production assist for car photographers. This week is the LA Auto Show. Working here from Detroit is my good buddy and professional photographer Jim Fets. Jim has shot for numerous car companies and created endless amounts of beautiful imagery. This man has a vision and he only brings you the best.
Jim may not consider himself a foodie… But I know deep down in his bear of a heart, he is. I meet Jim in 2005 we did some retouching together for some magazines but hadn’t really met in person. On one job Jim flew out from his hometown Detroit, MI and we met up for dinner. That is when he told me he made it a point to hit up an In-N-Out every time he was out here. It

########
Rank: 9
Score: 42.662548
Retrieved Text: Did Jim Henson smoke cigarettes or take drugs?
Discussion in 'Henson People' started by Prof Bunsen, Jan 13, 2019.
I remember going through the Muppet Show Pitch Reel again and there's a picture of him behind Leo showing him holding something, but I don't know if that's a cigarette or just a pen. However, it never mentions in Brian Jones' groundbreaking biography on whether or not he smoked tobacco. And the only other evidence I've seen of anyone else smoking is Jerry Juhl smoking a pipe while working on The Cube.
Does anyone know whether or not Jim Henson smoked anything, whether it be tobacco or cannabis? I know this is kind of a controversial topic, which adds to the fun, so I would love to hear everyone's thoughts on this.
I'm not sure but if he did its nothing to look down at since smoking was a lot more common back then and wasn't known to be as dangerous.
Personally, if he did then it’s no big deal.
I mean, end of the day, what he puts in his body is his choice.
Years back during the MySpace days I looked up imani Patterson's profile. He played Miles in sesame street from 1995-2002 and under smoking it said yes. Do I look at him differently because of that? Absolutely not. I still think he's a great actor and him being miles on a children's show and who he is in real life are 2 totally different things.
LanaThurlow, Froggy Fool, Prof Bunsen and 1 other person like this.
I was only curious if he

########
Rank: 10
Score: 42.379837
Retrieved Text: Jim, a friend of mine that lives in Oceanside, has done several reviews of restaurants with me in the past. For the past month or so we have tried to get together but something has always happened to thwart our plans. This evening we were successful and went to Fiddler’s Green, near the entrance to Shelter Island in Point Loma.
It has been many years since I have been to the Fiddler’s Green. It used to be a favorite place of my deceased husband because the owner liked to fish and he and Bob exchanged “fish tales” for many minutes. Since they are not open for lunch Jim and I decided to try the restaurant at its opening of 5:00pm. I had remembered that they had an early bird special – which they still have – as long as you ordered before 6:00pm.
Our waiter, Tom, immediately brought us warm, succulent rolls with a small cup of butter. Although there were two of us, we were brought three rolls – two sour dough and one pumpernickel. I offered to share the pumpernickel with Jim, but he preferred to have the sour dough rolls, and we both enjoyed our respective bread. When Jim asked Tom for more rolls a little later on, he brought us four rolls, two of each.
Tom then asked for our drink order and Jim had draft beer while I had a frozen margarita. He enjoyed his beer, but I would have liked a little more tequila in my drink. As we talked to Tom, who

########
Rank: 11
Score: 42.267654
Retrieved Text: Here are some things that were covered at the American Cryptogram Association convention. Questions were asked to both Jim Sanborn and Ed Scheidt at a dinner, I believe after that actual convention where Scheidt was a speaker.
Apparently someone was video taping a portion of it but I haven’t come across it yet.
“how about another clue?” to which Jim replied (paraphrasing) “you’ll maybe find out about that in a couple of weeks or so”.
It was asked again if the letters BERLIN were the city of Berlin to which Jim confirmed again that it is.
It was asked if N decodes to B, Y decodes to E, etc, etc. and Jim confirmed it does. Emphatically.
It was asked if N decodes to B or encodes to B, and Jim stated “decodes”.
It was asked if K4 was a “one-off”. Some discussion ensued about the definition of “one-off”, but Ed looked to Jim and said “well Jim, how are we going to answer that one?”. To which Jim simply replied “we don’t answer it”.
Elonka jumped in to remind Ed that he once told her that Kryptos uses a system unknown to anyone on the planet. Ed stated he didn’t recall that conversation, and back-pedaled out of saying anything more.
Someone asked if anything was buried on the CIA grounds relating to Kryptos and Jim said YES and went on to explain how a USGS marker was buried somewhere but was removed later.
Klauss:Was something placed by kryptos that we need access to to solve kryptos?
Jim: Yes, there is something buried adjacent to Kryptos. Jae

########
Rank: 12
Score: 42.16528
Retrieved Text: Should I let my Husbands Best Friend Know whats going on???? - Marriage :: sidetaker.
Should I let my Husbands Best Friend Know whats going on????
My husband and I are coming up on our first year of marriage and his best friend and my long time close friend was our Best Man in our wedding. Our Best man- lets call him "Jim" - brought his girlfriend- Lets call her "Lee"- to our wedding because we have all been pretty close. However, my husband has been closer to Lee than I have.
Recently I discovered emails that are very inappropriate that my husband has been sending to Lee. I knew they have always been friends and they would regularly talk on the phone, text, and email each other, but I never thought anything about it because Lee is Jim's long time girlfriend and Jim and my husband have been Best Friends for a long time.
The emails I found stated how much she means to him and that he can not wait to see her again, and wants to kiss her and make out with her, and a bunch more. Jim and Lee live out of state so we don't see them but maybe 1 or 2 times a year so this is why they are always talking.
I was upset and I confronted my husband about it and told him to not talk to her any more. I told him I wouldn't tell Jim. but he must not email, text, or talk to Lee again- only to tell her what

########
Rank: 13
Score: 42.07809
Retrieved Text: I really wish I was better. I watch certain people who serve others joyfully–always volunteering to help somebody move, or feed the homeless, or open their home to the unloved.
I’m not one of those. I want to be. I try to be. Perhaps it’s my native introversion, but I’d just rather stay at home with the family.
We’ve got three hours of church, if you’re lucky, and if you’re not lucky you also have home-teaching, firesides, and leadership meetings.
At that time, I was one of said leaders–the assistant to the fellow who’s in charge of all the men in the church. (For those familiar with Mormon nomenclature, I was the first counselor in the Elder’s Quorum Presidency).
But one Sunday was fantastic. Or I though it’d be. My boss (the guy responsible for the welfare of the men in the church) was on vacation. You know what that meant?
I was giddy. I’d finally have a Sunday where all that was required of me was to show up to church, sing my hymns, listen to some prayers, and go home.
Church was at noon and I planned the whole morning with the fam. We’d start by going for a long walk around the neighborhood, smelling the spring air and gazing upon the Rocky Mountains. We might take some pictures and play on a playground. We’d come home and I’d spend several dozen minutes whipping up a masterpiece lunch, complete with tortillas, refried beans, freshly grated cheese, and hot-off-the-pan flank steak.
We packed up the diaper bag, donned our light jackets and

########
Rank: 14
Score: 41.979595
Retrieved Text: Jim Kirk had always been quick to move on to the next thing. There were several exceptions, as he grew older; however they had all dealt with death. Not his own, of course, but his best friends and his sons. He never accepted his own eventual death; rather Jim Kirk focused his energies on saving others from their end. He always felt a sense of accomplishment in that.
But now he was faced with something far greater than deaththe loss of his entire way of life. The Federation and the Klingons completely at peace? Allies, maybe? Retirement was coming as well and only two months earlier he had convinced himself it was time to hang up his careers and move to the Kirk family farm in Iowa.
Iowa. It seemed so far away now. This is all Spocks fault, he told himself. "Status?" he asked.
Commander Chekov was at the control of the shuttlepod, as he had been for each of Kirks trips to the Enterprise since Sulu had been promoted to captain of the Excelsior. "Captain, were on approach. Three minutes to dock," the Russian replied, turning his attention to the panel in front of himself. "Enterprise, this is Captain Kirks shuttle on approach."
The reply was long in coming. "Shuttle, this is Enterprise. Please stand by." Another half minute passed. "Shuttle, we currently have a logjam of shuttle pods waiting to dock. Fall into line for arrival at the starboard Torpedo Bay docking port."
Chekov turned to the captain, a bit shocked. He shrugged, a bit confused.
Sitting quietly for

########
Rank: 15
Score: 41.95984
Retrieved Text: The Periodical Department in 1999. (L-R) Natalie Tomasco, Susan Markley, Bill Greene, Laura Hutelmyer, Jim Fox and Betty Lane.
The Falvey Memorial Library staff was saddened to hear of the passing this month of one of our former colleagues, Jim Fox. When he retired in 2010, the Library paid tribute to him by acknowledging his service with a blog post. Now we wish to take a moment to reflect on Jim’s lasting impact upon Falvey’s staff and share what he truly meant to us.
As stacks coordinator, with Access Services, we relied on Jim to supervise the student workers in Bound Periodicals (the area now known as ‘Falvey West,”) and assist the students, faculty and staff in navigating the mysteries of the microfilm readers. No matter the complexity of the questions posed to him, whether it related to his immediate purview or to impact some general information, Jim’s hearty responses clearly demonstrated his warmth and desire to be of assistance.
Jim and I were hired on the same day in August 1996. We split the job of Microforms Supervisor. I worked Monday-Wednesday-Friday and Jim did Tuesday-Thursday because he taught as an adjunct at Penn State and LaSalle Universities on the other days.
He always shook “hands” with his elbow.
He used to ‘verse’ the international students on the importance of St. Patrick’s Day.
A lifelong historian, he was trying to get an article published only a month or so ago.
His family told me (at his memorial service) that he loved his job here at Villanova.
Outside of work, Jim Fox and I shared

########
Rank: 16
Score: 41.365444
Retrieved Text: Seems like ages since we've visited Terra Nova, hasn't it? We'll, we're back and for the most anti-climatic murder mystery of the ages! One big misdirection after another and then a random resolution! But that's not all! More teen angst and the story of getting a pet Dino! (I was a few episodes off on my Flintstones prediction which I don't remember if I made vocal then) Don't get me wrong, it wasn't an awful episode, but it was far from fantastic. And the worst part? There weren't many memorable cheesy lines to talk about either! But I'll figure out something for currently the only redeeming part of this weekly recap! The show is still entertaining as a Family Sci-Fi action romp. But, for anyone looking for more meaty mythological brain dumps, it's still just scratching the surface. There are promises that it's coming though! But for now, let's work with what we got this week!
Now folks, I consider myself a fairly intelligent person. But if any of you can assemble any sense of logic to how this mystery played out, well kudos to you! The cold open of the episode was dedicated to random red shirt Terra Nova Trooper going to check out some power grid. There was supposed to be some dude in this station but he wouldn't respond to Red Shirt's trash talking. So Red Shirt opened door and BAM....SHARK-O-SAUR (yep, I'm still refusing to call them by these randomly made up names they keep coming up with each week).
So, if Jim wasn't

########
Rank: 17
Score: 41.25911
Retrieved Text: There was a lot going on at Trump's first press conference after Democrats took back control of the House of Representatives in the midterms.
Wednesday's press conference in the East Room on Wednesday saw a series of meandering answers that at times veered into outright confrontation with reporters, as when Trump yelled at CNN's Jim Acosta and called him a "rude, terrible person" and called an African-American reporter racist for asking him about white nationalism.
"That's such a racist question," he said three times.
"During this press conference, the president seemed to be time and again attacking journalists of color," Acosta later observed on CNN.
A bizarre assortment of topics was addressed. Trump broke a long stretch of calling on solely male reporters by asking a female reporter if she was "together" with a neighboring male colleague and told another female reporter to sit down.
Asked about allegations that he called Lil Jon "Uncle Tom" during filming of The Celebrity Apprentice, he denied knowing who Lil Jon was, even though there is a picture of the two of them together from when Lil Jon was on the show.
"I don't know who Little Jon is," he said.
It wasn't all negative. Trump also had some compliments for Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, who appears poised to retake her former role as Speaker of the House. During her victory speech on Tuesday night, Pelosi said the Democrats would strive for bipartisanship when possible, drawing condemnation from some in her own party but warm comments from Trump.
"She's fought long and hard," he said of Pelosi. "She's

########
Rank: 18
Score: 41.174046
Retrieved Text: A Jim Thorpe police officer who charged a borough man with escape testified yesterday that he never told the man he was under arrest or was being detained.
Patrolman Stephen Shabazian admitted at a preliminary hearing that all he did Sept. 15 was ask Joseph Kennedy for his driver's license -- while Shabazian was sitting in his cruiser and Kennedy was walking by.
District Justice Edward Lewis of Jim Thorpe tossed out the escape charge and a summary offense of failing to produce a driver's license when asked. Lewis convicted Kennedy of driving on the wrong side of the road and imposed a $25 fine.
Shabazian, the only witness at the brief hearing, said that fellow Patrolman Robert Transue was driving the cruiser about 2 a.m. Sept. 15. Shabazian said he and Transue saw a step van cross the center line several times as it came up North Street.
The van turned and the driver parked at Kennedy's home. Transue pulled the cruiser alongside the van. Kennedy was out of the van, and Shabazian, while still inside the van, asked Kennedy for his driver's license. Kennedy said his license was inside the house, turned and walked away. Shabazian called out for Kennedy to forget about the license and asked for registration.
Kennedy continued walking toward his house. Shabazian did not follow or try to stop him.
Shabazian lost sight of Kennedy, but, several minutes later, knocked on a door at the Kennedy home. A young girl, who Shabazian said was Kennedy's daughter, answered and said her father was not home. The girl

########
Rank: 19
Score: 41.164978
Retrieved Text: Its was an amazing weekend! I won Sebring tickets and met Jim France!
I am going to start off with some back story. I am a Photography student in Daytona Beach, my focus and love is in Motorsports. I have a Mentor of sorts that has been working for Daytona International Speedway for the past 52 years. Last Saturday he asked me to cover Karting at local dirt track for him because he had to shoot Supercross at the Speedway. He would be with me for the first couple of hours for practice but the qualifying heat races and the mains would be mine. As my Mentor was about to leave me to finish up a man on a beautiful black and white BMW Motorcycle pulls up, That man ended up being Jim France son of NASCAR founder Bill France, currently the vice chairman of the board of directors and executive vice president of NASCAR and the man behind the Tudor United Sports Car Series. My Mentor introduced me to him having know him well for the past 52 years. Meeting Jim Frances I was a little star struck. His Grandson was racing in the beginner karting class. After my Mentor left and about an hour passed, Jim France called me over to the outside fence where he had been watching the races. He gave me some advice on track safety and we had a little bit of a conversation (mostly me saying Yes Sir lol). I really appreciated him taking time to help me out, he

########
Rank: 20
Score: 41.153774
Retrieved Text: Always available and very prompt with responses and resolutions.
Giselle was extremely welcoming and always made us feel comfortable with any questions or concerns we had. She always checked in with us to make sure we were ok and to keep us up to date with the entire process. Giselle led us step by step throughout the whole process , we could not have asked for a better lender!
While shopping around for the right mortgage Sonny was the most reachable, told you what to expect, and explained everything step by step along the way.
I know when I refer a client to Jim Barker the transaction will be a smooth one. He explains the process very well and my clients all love him. Jim is the best in the business.
Jim Barker and his team worked to secure the best possible available loan. He and his team were easy to work with, diligently assisting me in identifying and submitting all needed documents. He and the team made it a great experience! I highly recommend Jim Barker!
Always grateful for their reliable and fast response.
Since my very first meeting with Gary, he has been so consistent on his follow up. He checks in frequently and really not only cares about your business but also asks about you on a friendship level which makes him very personable. Along with his wealth of knowledge, he's one awesome person!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 41.113075
Retrieved Text: When Jim Easton stepped into the House of Hutchinson, two hundred people turned their heads and stared. He would have preferred a less conspicuous entrance into the funeral home, but, upon reflection, no other outcome seemed possible. His was the only white face among the sea of mourners; he was likely the only reporter; and he was certainly the only person carrying a bulky leather haversack.
Jim had been assigned to cover the event for the Journal, but the idea of taking photographs had been a topic of disagreement with his editor, Arnold.
“But what if something happens?” Arnold asked.
What Arnold found was a beat-up leather satchel.
Jim stared at his editor, but decided further argument was futile.
“Excuse me. Pardon me. I’m sorry,” he whispered as he shuffled and bumped his way through the crowd.
It was a hot day, even by southern standards, and air conditioning was nonexistent in this part of town. People fanned themselves with their bulletins as they listened to solemn organ music. Water beaded on Jim’s forehead. He could feel the sweat stains growing in his armpits. His necktie gripped him in a chokehold.
Finding an empty patch of floor against the back wall, he honed in on an unfolded metal chair leaning against the wall. Seeing no reason to suffer through the service standing, Jim reached for the chair, meaning to quietly unfold it and then settle into invisibility, but instead the chair slid from his hand, skidded across the hardwood floor, and clanged down like a fire station alarm bell.
For the second time in

########
Rank: 22
Score: 41.03361
Retrieved Text: Jim is contacted by phone from the GP-based, multi-disciplinary team and offered the opportunity to develop a personalised care and support plan. This will allow Jim to have significant input into how his needs are met and the coordination of all his interactions with health and social care through a single plan based on what he thinks is important.
Jim is happy to take part because he is fed up with multiple people who he doesn't really know coming into the house. He is also worried that his daughter is now having to take time off work to stay with him.
He is asked about how he wants information and asks for it to be in writing. He is also asked if he would like help to complete this, but Jim says he can do so with his daughter and gives the best times for visits and appointments so that she can be there.
The district nurse asks to take blood tests next time she comes and Jim is happy to allow this, as she does it to support his drug therapy anyway.
He doesn't mind who he talks to, as he doesn't know one person from another, but is glad to hear that in the future one person will be involved in all the conversations.
The social workers in the multi-disciplinary team ensure that the financial assessment documents are included in Jim's letter for self-completion.
The GP identifies which blood tests are needed and adds that to the district nurse's task list. S/he has also reviewed all the notes and previous

########
Rank: 23
Score: 40.849293
Retrieved Text: The general managers of each of Seattle’s NFC West rivals are meeting the media here today at the NFL Combine.
First up today was 49ers’ general manager Trent Baalke, whose endured a busy off-season with the departure of Jim Harbaugh and the hiring of Jim Tomsula as Harbaugh’s replacement.
Harbaugh’s comments in recent days that his parting was far from mutual have led to lots of stories like this one, positing that the 49ers are an organization in turmoil.
It won’t be quite that easy to stop the conjecture, though, with the 49ers looming as one of the biggest curiosities of the 2015 NFL season — anything less than even the middling 8-8 season of 2014 will start the clock ticking quickly on Tomsula.
Baalke also denied recent stories that the job was offered first to Denver offensive coordinator Adam Gase, but that Gase was told he had to keep Tomula as defensive coordinator but then balked, leading to Tomusla — who had been the team’s defensive line coach — getting the job instead.
“The job was offered to one person, and one person only, and that’s Jim Tomsula,” Baalke said.
Baalke also said that quarterback Colin Kaepernick is spending the off-season working out in Arizona with former NFL quarterback Kurt Warner.
Baalke also said the team hopes to re-sign running back Frank Gore, who has been with the team since 2005 and turns 32 in May. “I’ve been asked that question for five straight years now,” he said. “The last two games of the season showed that Frank still has gas left

########
Rank: 24
Score: 40.77561
Retrieved Text: All of my guests continued to rave about Fr Jim the entire night of my wedding! From the youngest guests to our grandmothers, everyone loved Fr Jim. After meeting with Fr Jim we felt like we had known him forever. He makes you feel very comfortable as you exchange family stories and tell him about yourself and your finance. By the time we had our ceremony we really felt so comfortable and felt that we had made the right choice. We wanted an officiant that would be personal and we also wanted religion to be part of our ceremony. My own Lutheran pastor was on a trip that week and my finance was never confirmed Catholic. Fr Jim made us feel so welcome and created such a natural feel to our ceremony. Our guests thought that we had known him for years! After returning from our honeymoon we still hear our guests raving about what a beautiful ceremony we had!
Father Jim is the best! Don't hesitate a second to contact him. We had so many guests tell us how much they enjoyed the ceremony. Father Jim is kind, professional and easy to work with. Like many others mentioned, you get a feeling like you've known him forever. His message was very powerful, yet delivered with a humorous touch to it. Everyone loved it! Father Jim truly made our wedding special. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
Father Jim is simply the best. He took the time to get to know the bride and groom. He added the right amount of humor

########
Rank: 25
Score: 40.626114
Retrieved Text: One man, named Jim, was there that day and he, like the others, received a seed. He went home and excitedly, told his wife the story. She helped him get a pot, soil and compost and he planted the seed. Every day, he would water it and watch to see if it had grown. After about three weeks, some of the other executives began to talk about their seeds and the plants that were beginning to grow. Jim kept checking his seed, but nothing ever grew. Three weeks, four weeks, five weeks went by, still nothing. By now, others were talking about their plants, but Jim didn’t have a plant and he felt like a failure. Six months went by – still nothing in Jim’s pot. He just knew he had killed his seed. Everyone else had trees and tall plants, but he had nothing. Jim didn’t say anything to his colleagues, however. He just kept watering and fertilizing the soil – he so wanted the seed to grow.
A year finally went by and all the young executives of the company brought their plants to the CEO for inspection. Jim told his wife that he wasn’t going to take an empty pot. But she asked him to be honest about what happened. Jim felt sick at his stomach. It was going to be the most embarrassing moment of his life, but he knew his wife was right. He took his empty pot to the board room. When Jim arrived, he was amazed at the variety of

########
Rank: 26
Score: 40.59919
Retrieved Text: The approaching Easter celebration has caused me to ask some questions about which ones of the Trinity are here n earth. Is it correct to say that the Holy Spirit is the only person of the Trinity that is present on the earth today?
Where is God the Father?
12 “I have much more to say to you, more than you can now bear. 13 But when He, the Spirit of truth, comes, He will guide you into all truth. He will not speak on his own; He will speak only what He hears, and He will tell you what is yet to come.
The Holy Spirit is active in our world among believers and unbelievers.
What about God being omnipresent, everywhere at the same time?
What about Jesus saying the when two or three come together in His Name, Jesus is with them?
Is the Holy Spirit the only person of the Trinity here on earth or is the Father and the Son still here even though the Bible says they are seated together in heaven?
Comment me with your biblical solutions.
Last Friday and Saturday I was at a Men’s Retreat with our church and four other churches. The theme of our retreat was, Leading a Christ Centered Home. Jim McCracken was our retreat speaker.
The greatest take-away I received was learning to resolve conflict more effectively. A Christ-centered home is not free of conflict, but uses conflict in positive ways.
I asked my wife how she felt our conflict resolving abilities were and she answered, “better.” So we are looking forward, not to

########
Rank: 27
Score: 40.55019
Retrieved Text: I'm getting a ton of them weird new posts indicators showing up tonight.
I Pm'd Jim, again, about it.
hit CTRL + F5 on your keyboard, several times, on the main page. This will clear the cache for the forum.. I have done this before, and it seemed to work.
Hey Jack... I pm'd him.
He will probably reset the forum.
when he resets it, all forums will go to No New Posts, so if you had unread forums before the reset, you wont after the reset.
Not a biggie.... but you may miss a new post if you didnt read it before the reset.
it's nice that the person you're trying to explain a problem to is having them also.
I have gotten several emails also on this, so its not just me and you and Jim..
seems to be ok now..
I would never do that. Not while anyone was looking anyways!
PLEASE PM me if you are having problem with the Forums showing new posts, when there are in fact, no new posts.
I need this information so it can be tracked down and repaired by Jim at UltraBB.
It's almost like it forgets when the last time you visited the forum was.
Jim told me today, he is going to go through and see why it keeps happening. I deleted a topic last night, and he believes that has something to do with what the software is doing.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 40.544807
Retrieved Text: Mark Twain: The pen name of Samuel Clemens, author of The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn on which Big River is based.
Huckleberry Finn: A poor teenaged boy, with no mother. His father is a violent drunk who is rarely around. Huck had been homeless, living in a large barrel. Through a series of adventures told in the story of Tom Sawyer, Huck had gained a small fortune of $6000. At the beginning of the play, he had been taken in and cared for by two sisters.
Widow Douglas and Miss Watson: Two sisters who are taking care of Huck and his education. They both care very much about religion. Miss Watson is a slave owner.
Jim: A slave belonging to Miss Watson, Jim has run away to find his family. He is very superstitious but knows Huck and cares for him as they journey down the river.
Tom Sawyer: Huck’s friend, Tom is a teenaged boy who loves adventure novels.
The Gang of Boys: Ben Rogers, Jo Harper, and Simon are teenaged boys living in St. Petersburg, Illinois.
Pap Finn: Huck’s father, Finn is a vagabond drunkard who loves whiskey and hates the government. Tries to get at Huck’s money.
Judge Thatcher: The trustee managing Huck’s money for him.
Strange Woman: A woman new to the town of St. Petersburg, she knows enough to know what’s going on with the search for Huck’s body and his murderer, but not enough to know that the person she is talking to is Huck.
The King and the Duke: Charlatans and conmen who tell Huck and Jim they

########
Rank: 29
Score: 40.53865
Retrieved Text: As a husband and pastor I’ve read lots of books, articles, and listened to talks on how to be a great husband and dad. Some of them were good. Most were forgettable. But very few have stuck with me over the years. Except one.
I couldn’t tell you where I was and when I heard it but Jim Burns was the speaker. He told the story of when he was speaking at a family conference for a church years before. After one of his sessions he started up a conversation with some of the girls whose parents worked at the church and were responsible for putting the event on.
The older of the two girls, took a long drag from her cigarette, then slowly put it on the ground and stamped it out as smoke was coming from her nose.
Jim says his eyes immediately filled up with tears. He went back to his room, got on his knees, and asked God to help him be the kind of father to his girls that wouldn’t put his job ahead of his relationship with them.
People remember stories, not steps.
Jim could have shared stats on how well-adjusted pastors kids are by the time they reach adulthood or given 10 warning signs that your marriage is in trouble or used the word “FAMILY” as an acrostic of how to have a healthy family. But he didn’t. He told a story. One that I’ll never forget.
When we’re trying to make a point it’s easy for us to default to listening reasons why some

================



======= Instance Index 44 =========
Input Text: A horse rider wants to find foxes, what should he participate in?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- english hunt
- burrow
- hen house
- polo game
- rural area

Target Text: english hunt

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 32.738678
Retrieved Text: December 15 the MMSC will be closing our doors until March 2010. We currently have six horses that need to find new homes. If we successfully place them we will have placed 32 horses this year, just eight away from our goal (which we have not yet given up on)! Following are brief descriptions of our six adoptable horses (click on their photographs to view videos)! Remember, your adoption fee is tax deductable! Also, if you are unsure about making a year-round commitment, consider fostering one of our horses for the winter!
I Am Said I "Sam"
Sam is such a sweet guy with a gentle personality. He is looking for a home where he can introduce a beginner or intermediate rider to the joys of riding and horse ownership. Easy and smooth to ride, he is perfect for riding lessons, trail riding, or beginning dressage work.
Lucky came to us after a stint as a therapuetic riding horse, but didn't have enough basic training, however, to understand what his job was. He is seeking a soul mate, preferably one who likes natural horsemanship, who can help this athletic guy figure out what he wants to be when he "grows up."
Maggie is a cute little (14.3hh) girl who would love to find a junior rider to further her education and feed her peppermints! She will shine in pony club or in children's hunter circles. Mom, Dad, Grandma, and Grandpa: Christmas is right around the corner!
We also call him "Bill Gates" because he's so smart! Ten days after he ran

########
Rank: 1
Score: 31.716583
Retrieved Text:  Does the horse need to be bigger or smaller? If only adults will be riding the horse, then a bigger horse may be needed. If it will be mostly young children, you may want to look for a smaller horse or a pony. A larger horse that is a good lesson horse can be used for children, but some children may find a larger horse intimidating.
 What level lesson horse do I need? If you need a horse for beginners, see the list below. If you need a more advanced lesson horse, then the requirements will be different, and you will need to evaluate the horse’s ability to take a rider to the next level.
 What will I be doing with the lesson horse? Will it be used to teach riders that will become hunter/jumpers, dressage riders, western pleasure, reiners, etc.? If so, then the horse should be suited for that discipline in their temperament and conformation and should understand the basic training of that discipline or have the ability to be taught quickly.
 What will I do with the horse if he suddenly becomes unusable as a lesson horse? It’s always good to think about the options for a horse once they no longer suit the original purpose for which you purchased him. What type of second, or third, or fourth career would the horse be suited to if they are no longer a lesson horse? What retirement options would suit that horse, and what can you provide?
 What possible resale value will the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 31.608051
Retrieved Text: Wreckless hunt rider galloping on road at the side of monitors car. Shocking cruelty to the horse with no concern for safety or welfare.
(Dorset Against Blood Sports) : 20 March 2016 : Hunt rider cruely abuses horse in a temper tantrum, basing the horse around the head.
Point-to-Point horses being whipped and pushed to exhaustion. No race stewards stepped in to stop this cruel race.
(West Mids Hunt Sabs) : We know that hunts view both their hounds and horses as commodities and neither are treated very well. This video shows just how much the Warwickshire Hunt love their horses. Firstly one horse has a very nasty looking wound at the top its leg with blood pouring down. We’re not sure how it happened but despite the wound the rider continued to ride down the road. Later in the day another rider from the hunt rides her horse into the path of our vehicle, when we try to go round and overtake the horse the rider continues to move the horse into the vehicles path blocking us from continuing down the road.
From a few years ago. Carelessness of a Irish hunt trying to jump a water ditch and horse falling in.
Yes it’s now 21 months since this happened at the kennels of the South Herefordshire Hunt. The police and CPS still can’t decide if an offence took place!! ….. Why aren’t the CPS prosecuting this hunt for animal cruelty ?
Hunts using artificial earths to rear foxes to hunt.
Ward Union Staghounds January 18th 1991 . Pre-captured deer released infront

########
Rank: 3
Score: 31.055943
Retrieved Text: Horses are smarter than we give them credit for and any horse that’s been around an arena more than once, has figured out that it’s a much shorter distance around when they cut corners and leak in off the rail. No horse stays glued to the arena fence unless he is well-trained and obedient. All horses feel the pull of “gate gravity” or “barn gravity,” but only the horses that think they can get away with it will act on that feeling.
If you feel like you are constantly steering your horse back to the rail or pulling his nose to the outside as you go around, you’ve got a disobedience problem. Chances are good that your horse is a step or two ahead of you, and while you might not be fully aware of the dynamics of this situation, your horse almost certainly knows exactly what he is doing. Horses are pros at manipulating the behavior of others—and that includes you.
I could write 10,000 words on the mechanics of how to train your horse out of this problem, but it would do little good if you don’t have an understanding of the dynamics happening between you and your horse.
If your horse is cheating you by not staying on the rail, cutting corners, speeding up on the way back or refusing to go over an obstacle, you need to take a deeper look at your role. First, you must understand what the underlying motivations of the horse are and how you got to this point. Then you

########
Rank: 4
Score: 31.021587
Retrieved Text: As a young man I had a strong desire to be a cowboy. I think many young men do. In the beginning, they want to dress, walk, talk and act like a cowboy. Most young cowboys want to prove themselves and show the rest of the world just how tough, rugged and cowboy they are. However, nothing makes a cowboy a cowboy more than the horse.
Riding with a good horseman can teach you and your horse so much.
Unfortunately for the horse, he must deal with the cowboy who is out to prove himself. In the proving period, I think many horses are sacrificed because a cowboy or rider at this stage is thinking mostly, or only, about himself. This is an egotistical rider. It’s all about him and not about the horse. The person comes first and the horse comes second The horse is a vehicle the person uses to achieve his goals; the horse is not a living, breathing, feeling animal that shares the world with the rider. No, to this egotistical cowboy the horse is just a “thing,” like his truck, saddle, boots, spurs or any inanimate object he owns that shows he is a real cowboy.
A rider of this caliber can never be true horseman because he puts himself first instead of the horse. This type of rider is not a student because he always knows what to do. His hands are fast and unforgiving. He gets a bigger bit when the horse does not perform as he wants. He ties down a

########
Rank: 5
Score: 30.733213
Retrieved Text: A total of approximately 360 competitors turned out last weekend for the Seneca Valley Pony Club’s 2006 Spring Horse Trials at Austin Kiplinger’s Bittersweet Field in Poolesville.
At the two-day trial, riders competed in three events at four levels of horsemanship, from beginner to intermediate, many showing off what they had learned as young members of this 36-year-old pony club founded by Austin Kiplinger, owner of the property.
Each rider had to complete the three phases of the show: stadium jumping, with horse and rider competing over a series of jumps and receiving penalty points for knockdowns and time; dressage, requiring the horse and rider to perform a series of movements that are judged on balance and agility at each level; and cross-country, an endurance test with a long course containing natural jumps, including water, that tests the boldness and bravery of horse and rider. Awards and prizes were given to the top finishers in each division.
THE SHOW DREW not only locals, but also competitors from around the country, including some Olympians. Phillip Dutton, captain of the Australian Equestrian Eventing team who works with Potomac’s Matt Flynn, brought eight young horses to compete, and Kim Severson, who rode for the U. S. Olympic team in Athens, brought several. They joined the children as well as other riders in the competition, which was open to everyone. "One of the nice things about this show is that there are Olympic riders competing side by side with the kids," said Nancy Jones, one of the organizers of the event. Jones' daughter

########
Rank: 6
Score: 30.026865
Retrieved Text: Once the rider has gotten the basics down, the rider has now entered out of your cognitive stage, and in the associative stage. In this stage, the rider can notice mistakes made and then correct them automatically or with little help. In this stage the rider must have developed the muscles that are useful for asking the horse simply to walk forward, squeezing and releasing of the reins, and also the core muscles necessary to hold a basic riding seat posture.
The same principal as horse racing is relevant to greyhound racing though that is certainly that you ought to always look in a greyhounds form to eliminate that it is a chance at winning the race. Remember we want the Greyhound to shed not win. Looking back at past form as well as adhering to a way that both includes successful selections and money management is crucial to overall profits with Betfair Laying. Never step from the method rules which you put in place. If a greyhound does not qualify then simply move onto the subsequent race. In westerns style riding, the rider controls the horse by putting the stress on the side where he wants to move. So, you can see that you will find there's massive difference between those two types and surely the saddles uses of this purpose are also of various types. In short, the key point which I want to describe here is, you can not ride a horse properly in case you are adopting the western style and utilizing the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 29.720953
Retrieved Text: Foaled in December 2008 and should mature around 15.3. EA & AWHA registered.
This striking young 4 year old Royal Hit bay gelding for sale . Bred to be a dressage champion.
He has been professionally started both as a halter horse and under saddle. His halter days were before being broken in. He remains undefeated in all of these classes, including a win at the 2010 AWHA gala day. Under saddle he has been professional started for the last 8 months and has been improving in leaps and bounds, showing lovely cadence. Clear four beat walk, loose trot, and collectable canter. He has had two competitions to date and was a pleasure to take out and compete. He is a non-fuss horse who loves attention, has loads of character and would suit a competition dressage rider/young rider who wants to improve up the levels. He did qualify for the CDI this year but it was decided not to enter as I preferred to keep him in training to improve his skills. He obtained over 7 for all his paces and had promising comments from the judges. Easy to shoe, float, lead etc. It is a regretful sale as I bred him and have grown very attached, but I have too many horses now and with a young child and new business venture selling online horse products for both horse and rider, I have to downsize.
Widderstein Baydens Royal has been sold on the 15th November 2013 and is in great hands. Watch this space for more exciting things

########
Rank: 8
Score: 29.606657
Retrieved Text: Ages 8 to 16, beginner to advanced.
Imagine beautiful summer days spent not only riding horses, but learning about them too, while enjoying the sounds and smells of a working horse ranch in a small group setting.
We offer camps for beginner through advanced riders that teach not only riding but feeding, maintenance and grooming as well. These camps are designed to develop and enhance, good horsemanship, confidence in, and consideration for our equine friends. Our lesson horses are thoroughly experienced well mannered, and suitable for riders of all levels.
Students will find out what it really means to own a horse. Including feeding and stall cleaning, haltering, grooming, hoof care, saddling, bridling, bathing and braiding mane and tails. Riding lessons at least 2 times daily. Afternoon classroom includes training on key topics, which every rider should know, and introduction to various styles and disciplines of riding. The final day, students will participate in a mini horse show to showcase the skills they learned during the week.
Kids Camp: ( ages 8 to 16; all levels.
The sessions are Tuesday through Saturday. On the last day of each camp session, campers will demonstrate their skills starting approximately 1 pm. Families are encouraged to attend the show and cheer their camper on. A free lunch will be provided that day beginning about noon for campers and their families, so come and enjoy the afternoon.
The goals you will work towards include horsemanship safety, ground handling, basic body positioning & alignment, grooming, saddling and mounting. Learn how to use the basic aids to control

########
Rank: 9
Score: 29.518618
Retrieved Text: Riders from the Cranberry Acres School can participate in horse shows off the property once the rider has the experience from competing in school shows held at Cranberry Acres. Shows are posted in the lounge with costs and show programs.
At this time we will attend hunter shows and jumper shows. Hunter and equitation classes are performance classes where the rider is judged on his posture and use of form to correctly maneuver their horse either on the flat or over fences. The horse is judged on his form as well. Jumper classes are courses of 8-16 fences and are judged on cleanness of the rails and on the speed of the horse and rider combination.
To participate in an off the property event, riders should speak to Mrs. Sue to match up with the proper horse and to decide which classes would be best to enter. Most shows hold divisions for riders which consist of 3 classes that qualify the team to compete for the Champion or Reserve Champion for that division. Riders may compete the entire division or do individual classes.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 29.47386
Retrieved Text: When you work from day to day, one can get caught up in the monotony of checking off the “to do's” and not pay attention to the needs that surround you. The quality of life gets missed, and you find yourself in a rut of wanting to make a change, but letting the fast track of everyones needs overtake you. You become delusional that you will fit all your needs in one day and believing that tomorrow will be the day of change, but only to find that you are repeating yourself, feeling lonely and in a state of despair. What does this have to do with horses? Where is your brain while riding your horse? Are you listening to your horse? Is your horses brain digesting what you are trying ask of them? Or are you so caught up in the rest of your day, that a recreational ride can not be justified, and you wish your horse would just give you the picture that you would imagine at a show. Or are you so hungry for progress, but only to find yourself in frustration repeating the same basics when venturing off to asking something outside the comfort zone.
When I teach and observe from the ring side, I cant help to notice that most riders are mentally on some other agenda than the present, and some not even including the horse they are sitting on. The rider not riding in the present tense is so caught up in control or the one dimensional picture, that

########
Rank: 11
Score: 29.170984
Retrieved Text: What will I learn in a dressage clinic?
I love helping people and horses to connect and form a better partnership. I believe that almost 90% of all difficulties are related to the rider; whether that is due to a lack of balance, timing of the aids, fear or negative emotions, or the lack of ability to correctly read the horse. The final 10% is usually related to discomfort in the horse, physical issues that create resistance, poor saddle fit, and/or previous negative training. At the beginning of every lesson, I ask the rider questions related to their riding experience. I also evaluate the way the horse is moving and the "vibe" I am getting from both horse and rider as a team. I start first with rider position- is the rider properly aligned? Are they gripping? Are they ahead or behind the motion of the horse? How is their contact? It is my goal to help the rider understand how their position, balance, and aids are affecting the horse. At the end of the lesson, I always make time to answer questions, and I make sure that the session ends positively for both horse and rider.
What is required to host or participate in a clinic?
To host a clinic I ask that there be a minimum of 6 riders and a maximum of 9. Each lesson is scheduled in 1-hour sessions and I recommend setting aside one half hour before the first rider, so I can introduce myself and briefly review the content.
I also enjoy doing a

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.976772
Retrieved Text: Therapeutic horseback riding benefits almost any disabling condition including: cerebral palsy, autism, down syndrome, head injuries, hearing impaired, visually impaired, multiple sclerosis, seizure disorders, speech & learning disabilities, and sensory integration dysfunction. The physical, mental, and emotional benefits of therapeutic horsemanship are many. The rhythmic motion and warmth of the horse stimulates and exercises the rider’s muscles increasing mobility the pelvis, hip, and spine. The rider experiences weight shift and trunk mobility as if he were walking on his own.
As the horse and rider progresses through their different gaits, the rider experiences a wide range of sensory input. At a walk, the rider benefits from the calming effort of the rhythmic, three-dimensional movement. As the horse moves to a trot, the rider’s alertness is increased, his posture aligned, and he becomes more aware of his own body. Riders respond to this movement. During the lesson, activities and exercises take place to encourage speech, identify objects, and sequence multiple tasks. Students also participate in games and socialize with other students.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 28.923445
Retrieved Text: When I rode Witt way back in 2013, he was a happy-go-lucky, friendly horse. He showed no signs of aggression and handled his first post-track rides easily. The word that comes to mind is “uncomplicated” — and that is exactly the opposite of what I saw at the first day of the clinic.
The people who adopted him were truly nice and caring owners. I can’t say anything bad about them, for I know that they didn’t intend for Witt to change like he did. It’s completely implausible that they abused or physically mistreated Witt. But there are several clues that Witt’s behavior gave me about what most likely did happen.
The odds are high that Witt was hand fed treats as a way to bond with him. I can see this from the way he would crowd my space and lean his nose into me. He did this when he was feeling like he should get a reward (i.e. while leading him out of the arena after each day’s class). The odds are also high that at some point whoever hand fed him treats became nervous or frightened around him. This showed in how Witt would act irritated and hostile when I didn’t present a treat to him (I don’t ever hand feed treats since I learned my lesson years ago) — he’d flip his head and try to push harder into my space when no treat appeared. Clearly he thought this approach would yield him a handful of cookies as appeasement.
He also showed the treat feeding

########
Rank: 14
Score: 28.795246
Retrieved Text: Nicholas Fyffe helps this rider get her horse to reach for the bit. Nicholas begins this session with a 10 year old Hanoverian school master who has shown PSG by having his rider explain their goals.
Nicholas begins this session with a 10 year old Hanoverian school master who has shown PSG by having his rider explain their goals. He asks her to walk with the poll lower than the withers to get him really reaching. He directs her in the use of the reins to encourage him to improve his walk. In the rising trot he directs her to rise for the trot she wants, not the trot she has, while still asking him to stretch down.
In the trot they continue to ask him to reach with the poll lower. Nicholas rides me to get him reaching over his back better, and we get to watch an expert make a huge difference in how the horse moves. He rides him in all three gaits, looking for the horse to relax and reach for the bit.
Alfredo Hernandez guides a rider in their first session of work in hand with a young horse. They begin this lesson with work in hand, first without sidereins and then adding them. Alfredo helps them with the horse stationary against the wall.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 28.780981
Retrieved Text: Our weight limit is 250 pounds and it is non-negotiable.
Our goal is to ensure a pleasurable ride for all of our riders. In our rider request form we give notice of our weight restrictions and ask that everyone submit both their height and weight so that an appropriate horse can be matched to the rider.
Because of the factors listed below, it might be necessary to take a ride at a slower pace or on less rugged terrain if a rider is heavy.
Our riders are important to us, as is their privacy. Riders should expect to be weighed in a private and confidential setting if Painted Bar Stables staff or volunteers have any fears that a rider may be above their weight limit for riding.
Any rider appearing to be over our weight limit will be asked if they would like to discuss possibilities for their ride in private.
Our scale is located in our private tack room, out of sight and away from other riders.
We use a professional doctors scale with the weight balance permanently set to 250 pounds.
Riders stand on the scale, fully clothed.
Yes/No answer: because our scale is permanently set to 250 pounds the rider's actual weight is not revealed. Riders are either above 250 pounds or below the limit, similar to roller coaster policies on height.
Riding at slower speeds to avoid bouncing and impact with the saddle.
Riding on more even terrain as to avoid loss of balance to the rider and the horse.
Use of gaited horses to decrease bouncing.
If the rider is over 250 pounds

########
Rank: 16
Score: 28.702911
Retrieved Text: For Leanne Cole’s Monochrome Madness this week a venture into my equestrian life.
It is a real privilege to work regularly with and benefit from the knowledge and years of experience the Master equestrian brings to our training sessions. He is so invested in the welfare and development of horse and rider that I can truly say it is the first time in my life I have glimpsed my potential as a rider, and we’re still only seeing the tip of the ice berg. And not just my potential … a good trainer knows how to bring out the best in both rider and horse and I will say that in the eight years I’ve had my horse Shakespeare (aka Bear) I’ve never seen him go so well. He is really beginning to shine.
Of course, the development is gradual and the Master takes into consideration all the “i”s to be dotted and the “t”s to be crossed. He is in no rush. One of the things I respect about him is how he respects the process. This allows me to take everything in stride without feeling the pressure of lost years and past regrets.
I believe a true Master helps his/her students see their potential and gently guides them, through example and technical instruction, in the direction of their dreams. One of the things I appreciate about this coach is his desire and ability to share what he has learned in an open and honest way. No guessing games. No mind reading. His explanations and expectations are clear

########
Rank: 17
Score: 28.587656
Retrieved Text: ​Whether or not you're just learning to ride a horse, you can improve your horse's attitude with this simple lesson.
Now there's several ways you can deal with that. The best is to say "I understand you don't want to clean your room. But after that display you're going to do the dishes and vacuum and dust and clean the garage and fold your laundry AND clean your room. After that's done, you're more than welcome to go do exactly what you want to do.
I treat the horse the same way. If I ask him to standstill, that's cleaning his room. I say "Clean your room." He says "No." I say "Fine." Now, what can I do that requires movement? It doesn't matter if I'm in the arena or the trail. In either place I can work on change of directions. I can work on his headset. I can get the horse working better off my legs or seat. And I can always work on speed control. I could do all kinds of different things. I can work on all those things when my horse wants to move. If my horse wants to move, I say, great, let's do it. Let's work on breaking at the poll, softening up your neck or following your nose; let's work on your leg speed; let's work on you moving off my legs. Let's do all these different things, and then, when I'm done, I'm going to ask the horse: "Do you want to clean your room, the garage and the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 28.531324
Retrieved Text: There is absolutely no doubt in my mind that KICKING a horse in the ribs with a blunt piece of metal probably hurts like hell. If in doubt hand your spurs to a friend and have them punch you in the ribs with them. Many will argue they only use them when necessary, and even when used it will be a jab, not a kick. Really? No-one will convince me an inexperienced rider has such a great command over their legs that they are aware of what their legs are doing 100% of the time. If a rider cannot rule out an accidental jab might just occur, no matter how infrequently, then they shouldn’t be wearing them. Yes horses can ignore the leg, but in many cases they have been taught those flapping, constant nagging legs, at times, mean nothing. If a horse is at the stage where over time, they are frequently ignoring certain aids, then it’s time to readdress your riding skills, not reach for spurs.
Ego’s should be left in the car, and for good reason. Admitting you may need help and employing a trainer is no failure by any means. This is exactly what you should be doing. By actually admitting the relationship between rider and horse is unravelling to a degree that the horse is ignoring the rider, is the first step to improving. Strapping spurs on and reaching for a whip with a horse that is already confused to what you are asking is creating a recipe for disaster. What happens

########
Rank: 19
Score: 28.388905
Retrieved Text: Explore the definition of "feel" and the prerequisites for it, then try some exercises to develop it yourself.
Feel is one of the most important aspects in a rider’s development. A feeling rider can sense where each of the horse’s legs and his body are at any given moment and allows communication through the language of the aids. When the rider can communicate in this harmonious way with her horse, she becomes able to develop that special partnership in which the aids look effortless and the horse appears to perform on his own. These are the magic moments we all strive for.
Feel is the invisible quality in every good rider who is communicating with her horse in harmony. She can perceive where the horse is during every step because he accepts the rider’s seat, leg and rein aids through the connection. The rider can then communicate with the horse in a stable, sensitive and relaxed manner. Some riders have a talent for this, but any rider can improve her feel through education about dressage theory and time in the saddle. In other words, the rider must learn to become aware of the horse’s body and feel his movement underneath her.
Beyond the physical connection between horse and rider, feel also requires an emotional connection. The horse and rider understand each other and become of one mind. The emotional connection is key in the harmonious partnership. A feeling rider is a more effective rider. She is always attentive to what aids the horse needs, why he needs them and

########
Rank: 20
Score: 28.277592
Retrieved Text: Passage is a collected and rising trot movement with only a little forward and a long flight moment. The energy is directed upwards instead of forwards.
When done correctly, the upper legs of the horse are lifted horizontally. The carrying hind legs are taking a lot of weight and step and bend powerful forwards-upwards.
In piaffe, it is only the carrying that is activated in the hindquarter. The horse moves almost in place.
In passage, both the carrying and pushing are present in the hindquarter. The horse moves itself forward-upwards.
In piaffe, the horse brings its hind legs under his point of weight with bended, flexible and supple joints. The addition of some push leads to a transition into passage or extended trot.
In passage, the push is aimed in a forward-upward direction (green arrow). In extended trot, the push is directed more backwards (red arrow).
In the old times, the passage was a king’s exercise to carry the king gracefully and royally past his subjects. The horse has a proud and fierce expression in passage. Therefore, this gait was also used by officers to ride during inspections and parades.
The muscles of the back and hindquarter are made stronger and suppler.
The shoulders are placed correctly in front of the hips.
The focus and obedience of the horse to the aids increases.
The passage is seen in nature when stallions try to impress others. Straightness Training wants to develop the natural movement and talent of the horse to as high a level as possible under the rider.
A horse that is in balance (1.) and has

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.798075
Retrieved Text: Barrel racing is a traditional western horse sport in which riders race to complete a course around a set of barrels. The horse travels in a clover-leaf pattern in this exciting rodeo event. The sport requires agility of both horse and rider. Barrel racing is a sport that people of all ages can participate in, and it is a fast-growing sport in many nations.
Barrel racing began as a hobby at rodeos. When the men would compete in the rodeo competitions, the women would set up barrels in order to race around them. The women took 3-55 gallon barrels and set them up in their own arena. When the husbands were finished the roping, the women would ride the horses around the barrels and whoever completed the course first was the winner.
In its conception, barrel racing was considered to be more of a hobby, but in the 1950’s, the equestrian world began to realize its merits as a competitive sport and possible rodeo addition. The rules were more standardized, and both men and women began to compete.
Barrel racing is, as the name implies, a timed race. Riders compete for the fastest time completion of the course. In professional competitions, a laser is used to determine the times. In more amateur competitions, however, a judge and stopwatch are used to time the riders within a hundredth of a second. Usually the winning rider completes the course in a time of 13-17 seconds.
Barrels are arranged in a cloverleaf pattern on the arena. Typically, the first and second barrel are

########
Rank: 22
Score: 27.68144
Retrieved Text: WAVERLY, WV--As our baby horse progresses up the training tree, weve given him a solid base of trust. We work with rhythm and relaxation doing anything we do from catching him to grooming him or putting on his leg wraps or giving him some play time before we put his tack on. Hes comfortable with us and the general pattern of the work we do together. When we first got on his back, we allowed him to move with complete freedom, never interfering with or restricting his natural gaits. The next step is to get him working with freedom of gait while seeking and accepting contact with the riders hands.
When were talking about contact, were talking about an even, steady, elastic connection between the riders hands and the horses mouth. Its easy to get side tracked by the terminology here because everybody uses it a little bit differently. Elastic is probably the best descriptive term because what we call contact isnt a single point somewhere. It involves a whole lot of dots we have to connect from the horses mouth to the bit to the reins to the riders hands and elbows and shoulders and then through a whole circle of the riders muscles and the horses muscles. So if we say seeking the bit or soft elbows or straight reins then someone might focus on just one point and miss the bigger picture.
For contact to be elastic, the rider has to be relaxed. Otherwise, their hands or their elbows or some part of them is

########
Rank: 23
Score: 27.64615
Retrieved Text: The former First Chief Rider at the Spanish Riding School explains the scale for measuring degrees of dressage collection.
As a judge, I often write at the end of a dressage test: "Your horse didn&apos;t have the degree of collection needed for this level." It&apos;s helpful not only for riders and trainers, but also for judges to understand the different degrees of dressage collection.
These recognized levels begin with first-degree collection, followed by second- and then third-degree collection. When the horse is appropriately collected for the level of his test, the work looks easy. The key to success in dressage is to make it look easy and beautiful. The goal for my colleagues at the Spanish Riding School is not to be able to do the difficult exercises. Rather, they aim for harmony between horse and rider. They want to appear as if they were born on a horse, so the movements must look easy. The goal of all riders should be harmony, which doesn&apos;t mean you have to be a Grand Prix rider or even a competitive rider. When the riding looks easy, it&apos;s well done. When it looks difficult, then there is strengthening and correct riding to be done. In this article, I will define the levels of collection and give a few exercises to help you on the path to its development.
The degree of collection is determined by how much weight the horse carries with his hindquarters. As he carries more weight behind, he grows more uphill and light in self-carriage. He steps under himself

########
Rank: 24
Score: 27.642485
Retrieved Text: Al Dunning gives a Horse & Rider magazine reader the ins and outs on what it takes to get into the sport of cutting--and how to do it without breaking the bank.
Question: I've always been interested in cutting, but have never had the opportunity to try it. I've watched cutting events at some of the big shows, and I think I'm a competent enough rider to do it. For the last two years, I've shown my 7-year-old Quarter Horse gelding in barrels and reining, and we've done quite well.
I don't know if he's ever had experience with cows, but he's pretty athletic. Can I make him a cutting horse, or do I need to buy a horse specifically bred to cut? I've also heard that cutting can be pretty expensive. Is there a way to do it on a smaller budget?
Answer: Ben, I'm going to shoot straight with you--cutting is an expensive sport. Top-notch cutting horses are expensive; the show entry fees are high; and buying and maintaining cows is costly. The good news: There are ways to participate on a smaller budget. Many local clubs and NCHA affiliates offer shows for novice riders at a more affordable cost. Some provide facilities and practice sessions for riders who don't own cows. But, if you aim to compete at the big shows, you'll need to lay down a good chunk of change. In my following tips, I'm going to address cutting at the novice level and give you advice on how to participate without spending a fortune.
I

########
Rank: 25
Score: 27.611881
Retrieved Text: Communication through aids is basically directed at teaching the horse how to move. This means that to be effective riders we need to do what great horsemen like Tom Dorrance have always known: we need to “get to the feet”. If we can’t successfully communicate to our horse that they need to move their feet, the result will be a dull horse.
What is a dull horse?
A horse who does not adequately respond to the aids is a dull horse. But a more appropriate definition would be that a dull horse is a horse that does not ‘yield to pressure.’ We typically think of a dull horse as one who does not move forward off the leg aids, and yes, this is certainly a dull horse. However, all aids are considered pressure; therefore, a horse not-yielding to any aid is considered dull.
A horse can be constantly dull or only dull on specific occasions. Even sensitive, nervous horses can be occasionally dull, even going so far as to shut down. We’ve all seen this one time or another; the rider sits on the horse kicking and kicking (sometimes yelling and clucking) but the horse won’t move. The rider is unable to ‘get to the feet’ and the horse is not responding (like a little kid who puts his hands over his ears).
Basically, the horse is not ‘yielding’ to the given aids (in this case the leg aids), the aids are having no effect, and so the horse is dull. We all know correct training principles center around the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 27.53409
Retrieved Text: You may want to consider therapeutic riding as a recreational activity if the participant a wants to learn horsemanship skills and not just how to ride a horse. FtR provides riding services with adaptive equipment if the participant needs adaptations for riding that other barns may not be able to provide.
Focus: Riding a horse while working on independence for sport, recreation and education.
Benefits: Increase quality of life and teach riding skills with adaptations as necessary.
Lessons: Performed by a PATH Intl. certified therapeutic riding instructor. Therapeutic Riding teaches skills to participants as a recreational activity. The participant works with and influences the horse to reach their personal goals.
Therapeutic riding has provided social, educational, and recreational opportunities to individuals with disabilities for more than a century. By utilizing the special bond between humans and horses, Equine Assisted Activities benefit students of all ability levels both inside and out.
Students can begin our therapeutic riding program at four years of age.
Safety is our number one priority, for the rider and the equine alike.
Students will learn skills for independent horseback riding as well as enjoy fun activities while on horseback.
Students become prepared to participate in other exciting events including: Special Olympics, horse shows, inclusive summer camps, and other continuing education series.
Lessons are performed by a PATH Intl. certified therapeutic riding instructor, and riders participate in activities on our safe, calm, and patient horses.
Therapeutic Riding teaches skills to participants as a recreational activity. The participant influences the horse to reach the goals.
FtR instrctors, athletes, and volunteers will participate in the Montana State

########
Rank: 27
Score: 27.52049
Retrieved Text: Reese loves horses and longs to be a competitive show-jumper. When the leased horse she rides is sold she is left riding the orneriest horse in the stable. She decides she must find a horse of her own. Her parents can't afford a trained horse so she decides to buy a wild horse at auction. Outbid, she discovers that many of the wild horses are will be sold for slaughter. Determined to save the horses from a terrible fate she finds herself in deeper than she expected and fighting for her life.
Beautiful. I know, I know, Grandpa interrupted. You’ve said that about every horse, Reese.
But they are. Every single one of them. I leaned against the fence rail to get a better look. Even with the icy raindrops pattering on my face, I couldn’t take my eyes off the gelding in front of me. Sixteen hands tall, he took the next jump with a soaring grace that made me catch my breath. He’s fantastic, I whispered. "What I wouldn’t give to ride a horse like him.
Grandpa’s umbrella wasn’t doing a very good job. We were standing out in one of the worst downpours in the history of Spruce Meadows. Spruce Meadows is a famous show-jumping facility just south of Calgary, Alberta, where I live. They hold some of the biggest show-jumping competitions in the world there. My grandfather had gotten tickets for this tournament for my birthday, but it was our bad luck that the competition fell on the same day that southern Alberta was hit

########
Rank: 28
Score: 27.51325
Retrieved Text: I dont know about you, but I appreciate an open and honest answer when dealing with someone, you'll find most Riding Schools state their Weight Limit, but with no reason.
There are many ways of determining the maximum weight a horse can carry, a simple way is to not let them carry any more than 20% of their bodyweight (including Rider, Saddle and Bridle). If you take an average 17h Sports Horse, he will weigh 600kg, that means he should never carry more than 120Kg (18.8 stone) including tack. Now we need to take into account, the horses age, breed and build, his level of fitness, whether he's had any injuries in the past, how regularly he is used, and what he is going to be used for.
Riding School horses tend to be older, as the horse is going to be more experienced, typically calmer and better trained (Schooled), which is a must for teach beginners. But this does mean they could have wear and tear (past history, such as injuries), so a reduction to that maximum weight needs to be made.
We then need to protect against injury from over training, a horse being used daily will adapt to a certain level of fitness, it's quite easy to cause muscle/tendon/ligament strains/sprains by carrying extra weight without a suitable recovery period, heavy exercise can require 4 days for the muscles to recover/strengthen to the new work load, often longer.
The riders fitness is also important, beginners won't have built up the core strength for a balanced riding posture for

########
Rank: 29
Score: 27.447012
Retrieved Text: "Our goal is to help people and horses come together and have positive experiences!"
Red Oak Farms is available to host your private event including school groups, scout groups working on badges, birthday parties and playgroups. Your event is customized to the ages of the participants and the goals of your group. From educational to pure fun we have many activites to keep your group entertained. Don't forget the campfire cookout option and roast hotdogs and marshmallows over our open campfire! All of our events include a half hour of pony rides. Packages start at $150 for 2 hours. Contact us for pricing, activity information and availablility.
We offer one hour private and group lessons to students of all ages. Students can start at any time and progress at their own pace. We have a variety of lesson horses available for all ages, riding abilities and discipline. Beginners are taught basic horsemanship and riding skills with a focus on building a strong relationship with their horse. The relationship between horse and horseman is the basis of all of our riding and training programs at Red Oak Farms.
Lessons are for all ages and skill levels. If you have never been on a horse before or you are a seasoned competitor we can give you new tools to make the most from your riding experience. Family members can have lessons together as skill levels allow. Amy has taught siblings, husband/wife, grandmother/granddaughter, mom/son, and whole families. Since all riders work at their own pace, everyone can be challenged and cheer each

================



======= Instance Index 45 =========
Input Text: A human could have the sweats from working out, but if they wake up with them they probably what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- have fever
- need to leave
- have to sleep
- think and reason
- torture

Target Text: have fever

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 37.002426
Retrieved Text: Night sweats are a source of trouble for many men and women of all ages. Because they cause considerable discomfort, night sweats often lead to a lack of sleep - and that's a serious problem. Sleep is essential for your body to perform its daily functions, and if you aren't getting enough of it, you may start to feel run-down, irritable and even sick.
Night sweats can stem from a number of conditions and situations, so determining the cause of your condition may require patience. However, locating the source of your night sweats is essential in ending them and getting your sleep back on track. By teaming up with your doctor and observing your own habits a bit more carefully, you can determine the cause of your night sweats, attempt to resolve it, and eventually find some solutions that will give you relief from this uncomfortable condition.
Read on to learn more about what causes male and female night sweats and a few tips for dealing with them effectively.
First, it's important to understand what actually constitutes "night sweats". Having night sweats doesn't just mean that you become warm in bed when you're under the covers or feel slightly sweaty when you wake up - this has happened to just about everyone at one time or another. Night sweats typically occur in the middle of the night, which leaves the person affected completely soaked in sweat, overheated, and understandably, very uncomfortable. Sleepwear and sheets can both be drenched in sweat, which tends to wake up the person trying to

########
Rank: 1
Score: 35.304565
Retrieved Text: Consuming too much of a high- fiber food like dried fruit can bother your stomach cause you to have gas , cramps during the night according to DeFazio. Find gas treatments for excessive sweating and. Get your best night’ s sleep with moisture- wicking and cooling sheets from ruining Wicked Sheets. It sheets started with night sweats- night sweats so bad I was changing the sheets every night, sometimes twice a gas night. Some weeks were better than others containing days with only mild episodes while at other times the sweating was so severe.
Night sweats are also known as “ nocturnal hyperhidrosis”. complaints include hot flashes difficulty sleeping, closely followed by fatigue , night sweats which can be indirectly related. Using a lot of paper towels can get expensive, but it' s easy to save money on paper towels. ” Come morning gas don’ t eat ’ em either. Night sweats are not as disturbing for the patient as other forms but because undisturbed sleep is so important to our body it can have a significant impact on our health – no on like to wake up to wet sheets especially in the cold! It used to be so bad that in the middle of the night I would have to get a towel to lay over my damp sheet in order ruining to continue sleeping and not wake my husband.
Sleep sweating ruining the sheets? If ruining you have ever woken up in a cold sweat unrested, feeling sticky , , just ruining tend to feel

########
Rank: 2
Score: 35.269066
Retrieved Text: A maximum slim green coffee reviews or caffeine have hip raises and youre location stalling for no exception. Whereby night sweats are a member of some people will skipping breakfast make you lose weight breath, they can also eat. You may be able to gain or intermediate night sweats by figuring any. You should consist your doctor if you energy fevers, unexplained weight loss. If your life people tense on a day basis, failure your sleep, or are told by a green marble coffee shoppe east liverpool oh or other glands, such as unexplained news can you lose weight from sweating at night, then you.
Apr 7, 2017. If youre extrapolating menopause, thats one additional loss.
Intraocular In 8 Weeks plan to feel hungry and lose up to 25 grams fat loss pulse rate 2 months. If, along with your life retains, youre experiencing many like weight can you lose weight from sweating at night. Lose means just Water our immune is heavydense (the only associated denser than weight is mercury, if my energy stores me well). So you may lose a baking. Jun 2, 2016.
Waitdoes instillation in a bed gnc best diet pills that work offer advice perks?. heat sensitive to burn calories, include sleep, train skin, lift moods, and. It also gives can you lose weight from sweating at night as dextrins are bad through sweat, the body is good able to banana peppers burn fat fat thats. You may lose a few months will doing sit ups help you lose weight a review bed, just

########
Rank: 3
Score: 34.261566
Retrieved Text: Home › Are Night Sweats a Normal Part of Drinking Alcohol?
There’s no question that it’s unpleasant and uncomfortable to wake up in the middle of the night, clammy and drenched in sweat. These so-called night sweats can be caused by a variety of completely normal circumstances, from menopause to being side effects of prescription medications such as antidepressants.
But night sweats are also commonly associated with alcohol use and in recovery from alcohol abuse. If you need help knowing if you have an alcohol problem, call our helpline today at 800-839-1686.
How Does Alcohol Cause Night Sweats?
Even moderate alcohol consumption can cause night sweats. Your body tries to get rid of alcohol because it’s toxic to your system. Alcohol increases your heart rate and widens your blood vessels, which causes you to sweat. Night sweats can also be a symptom of being allergic to alcohol, which is a genetic condition.
People who are allergic to alcohol lack the enzymes to allow their bodies to properly break down alcohol. Other symptoms of alcohol allergy include hives, stuffy nose, nausea and facial redness.
But the most likely alcohol-related cause of drenching night sweats if you’re a heavy drinker is withdrawal from alcohol.
If you are a heavy drinker, you can have withdrawal symptoms when you try to quit drinking. Alcohol withdrawal can be very dangerous and quitting drinking is safest when done under medical supervision in a rehab setting.
What are the Other Causes of Night Sweats?
Night sweats are a symptom of alcohol withdrawal.
If you frequently experience night sweats, alcohol could be the cause.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 33.789223
Retrieved Text: Have a swollen lymph node in my neck.?
I have had it for about 6 months, it is on my right side of my neck like 2 inches below my jaw, and probably as hard as bouncy ball with a little ease. When it first appeared i went to the doctor. The doctor said it was caused by acne on my chin that had got infected. So i had to take antibiotics it went down but... show more I have had it for about 6 months, it is on my right side of my neck like 2 inches below my jaw, and probably as hard as bouncy ball with a little ease. When it first appeared i went to the doctor. The doctor said it was caused by acne on my chin that had got infected. So i had to take antibiotics it went down but never truly went away. About 3 day ago i got more acne on my chin and it is swollen again and even more then the first time. I'm not sure if that is what is causing it to swell. I have heard other people say that they wake up sweaty, and i sometimes wake up pretty sweaty to, i don't know if that is another symptom also.
It could be Hodgenkin'a or Non-Hodgekin's lymphoma which are VERY serious cancers. You need to get this checked out by a primary care physican ASAP because the time frame you can treat this condition is slim. It might not be cancer because there are like

########
Rank: 5
Score: 33.783005
Retrieved Text: Hey so cool facts 22% of people taking antidepressants experience night sweats. Tsks to your doctor for not knowing such. I'm not quite as bad but it's bad enough Ive learned not to shower before bed because I'll have to in the morning.
I’ve always been a vivid dreamer, but since starting Effexor about 15 years ago it’s gotten worse. I am glad to read I’m not alone in my sweaty nights. I’m 33 and take 225mg in the mornings. I drench whatever Pajama top I have on, and any poor person sleeping next to me. I don’t have to put down a towel or change sheets, but I did buy some great hemp sheets because they’re moisture wicking. I highly Recommend bamboo or hemp fibres for this. I don’t sweat overly during the day or exercise, and I live in a fairly hot climate, it’s just at night. And I’m still a wuss in winter, I hog the blankets and always want the heater on. By morning I’m just soggy and confused about my dreams. I talk and yell and thrash around too.
Unfortunately I like being mentally healthy too much to try to change my medication, and if I skip a day I feel awful within 24 hours. Nausea chills dissociation and eventually suicidal. I’ll take the weird sweaty dreams over that. If there was a way to switch without withdrawals, maybe I’d consider it.
I tend to notice the night sweats, when I forget a dose. I do not recall it happening otherwise. But I believe

########
Rank: 6
Score: 32.516113
Retrieved Text: Dress down in style with this pair of Hanes EcoSmart Men's Fleece Pants. These are designed to be versatile and can be worn for either lounging at home or casually while out running errands. The Hanes fleece pants are made of 50 percent cotton and 50 percent polyester ComfortBlend material. They also have an elastic waistband.
Fabric Care Instructions: Machine wash cold, non chlorine bleach when needed. Tumble dry low.
Do the Men's Hanes sweatpants, regular size and Big Men's size, have pockets?
Answer : No they don't.
Answer : No, these do not have pockets.
Answer : no, thank goodness, I hate the inside flaps after washing.
Answer : I ordered a man's small, but the label says adult small, I think this was the regular size and they don't have pockets.
Answer : yes-the ones I bought do.
Answer : No pockets on the regular size sweatpants.
Answer : No pockets at all on these.
Answer : Theses sweat pants do not have front or back pockets.
Answer : They don't have any pockets at all.
Answer : The ones I bought have pockets in the sides.
Answer : probably medium, and you might have to shorten them. The waist is 26 on the smalls (elastic pulls it down to that), the hip area measures 40"
Answer : Pants usually are described by waist first and inseam second. You should buy size 34-30. My personal advice, try them on before you buy them, if you can.
Answer : Go with a medium. I'm 40x30 and I wear a large and they are baggy. You definitely don't want a large.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 32.50746
Retrieved Text: Last month we wrote a post on Goodnighties. Somewhat snarky in tone, we felt the medical claims on the manufacturer’s website were lacking. The company contacted us, and in show of standing up for their product, sent us a sample to try out. We had our interns test out some of their scientific claims and review their literature. We also had a person with relevant night sweat issues review the product (here at Medgadget we like to be thorough). The full results are below, but a condensed version is that we still don’t think much of their claims about “negative ions” in the fabric. However, the reviewer with night sweats did report that the sleepwear did seem to decrease the length of her nocturnal hot flashes (but not the frequency) and she was able to wear them all night.
A recently new sleepwear product, using the science of ionization to offer users a more comfortable and restorative sleep, has made a push into the consumer market for women. The “Goodnighties” sleepwear claims to utilize the patented “IonX” that saturates the fabric with negative ions, advertised to be “more than 20 times the level found anywhere in nature”, allowing sleepers to reap the benefits. What are these benefits? Apparently, wearing Goodnighties sleepwear will improve the flow of oxygenated blood, speed muscle recovery, reduce aches and pains, and wick away moisture from night sweats and hot flashes — all through the benefits of the negative ions in the fabric. Skeptical? So are we.
According to their marketing material, Goodnighties contain

########
Rank: 8
Score: 32.264187
Retrieved Text: This would appear to be out of the proverbial Ripley’s Think It Or Not. But as mind-boggling as it may seem, phrase has it that in the not so far long term, Globe Paper Money could very likely be changed by electronic-digital forex.
Just putting the phrase e-currency into a search engine will bring up a massive list of surprisingly named currencies that you have probably never heard of. There are though a couple of large online currencies that are accepted by numerous retailers, businesses and shops.
Give it what ever name you want, credit score card, debit card, computerized payments, wire transfers, these are absolutely nothing new. They have been there because the new modern working day marble and limestone age. The days when people started to rule over their mighty guy made concrete jungles looming large all more than the earth Earth, or rather the semblance of what is still left of it.
Although these few suggestions may assist you decide on an exchanger they are not idiot proof and if you are really undecided on which 1 to pick then begin out by sending just a little amount to be exchanged and then as you develop believe in in the exchanger you have picked you can start sending bigger quantities to them.
But if individuals don’t want to consider these phrases srsly, they can in contrast to the Oxford page from their Facebook webpages with their phablet, or smartphone pill. And they can pay for it in Btc Generator if they want.
Even the extremely believed of such

########
Rank: 9
Score: 32.189365
Retrieved Text: Only a few years from now, autonomous cars will dominate the roads. But when driving becomes much safer and fewer people die in car wrecks, fewer donor organs will be available.
In 2016, 13.6 percent of people who died and became organ donors had been in a road accident. A recent report from Slate spotlighted this perverse side effect of self-driving cars, and offered suggestions for getting more people to become organ donors.
Science, however, can offer better a better solution.
The waiting lists for donor organs are long — 120,000 people on a given day — and ever increasing. With fewer donor organs to go around, researchers are working on other ways to get people the parts they need. With help from 3-D printing and other bioengineering technologies, we will eventually be able to grow our own organs and stop relying on donors.
“It’s like a race in which there’s multiple different players, but no matter which one of them winds up winning, it’s good,” says Ali Khademhosseini, a bioengineer at Harvard Medical School.
One approach is to help regrow the ailing organ so it doesn’t need to be replaced. A graft of stem cells or other materials could prompt regeneration of the diseased organ.
“What I think we’ll see in the foreseeable future is, rather than replacing the entire organ, creating … [a] patch that can help in regenerating a diseased area,” says Joshua Hunsberger, a research associate at the Wake Forest Institute for Regenerative Medicine. Some techniques are being tested in simpler tissues, such as skin and bone.
There are

########
Rank: 10
Score: 32.072395
Retrieved Text: I’m a singer songwriter from Edmonton, Alberta in Canada. My family is from Ethiopia, and I’m very passionate about music.
The ‘Lost Boy’ music video. It was my first official music video and it was really cool to work with a director I’d always wanted to work with (Emil Nava, who has worked with Calvin Harris, Jessie J and Ed Sheeran). It was cool to see my song come together in a visual aspect.
My aesthetic is really natural and comfy, I think that inspires me a lot. I like to be comfortable in every day life, so in my writing I like to keep it honest and real – nothing too over the top.
Harry Styles – he’s really cool…and cute, haha!
I’m going on tour with Alessia Cara in the US, and hopefully I’ll be back in Europe really soon.
My first New York show at Joe’s Pub. A lot of music industry people that were working with me came along, and some fans. It was a really intimate show and I got to play a lot of new music that no-one had heard before, so it was really special.
I’m working on my album so hopefully that will be out by then, and then more touring and working on new music as always.
I would love to collaborate with Stevie Wonder. I think it would be incredible to watch him work, even if I was just sitting and watching him play the piano – that would be enough for me, I’d be very happy.
I think because music is something that

########
Rank: 11
Score: 32.062237
Retrieved Text: The first snow storm of the season hit Boston this weekend, which means I’m snuggling up at home putting up our Christmas decorations, wrapping presents, watching “One Magic Christmas” (best Christmas movie ever?), and thinking about the wonder of sweatpants. I believe we are currently experiencing a renaissance of sweatpants, and I am all for it. I’ve discovered great options in a range of stores from Anthropologie to Rag & Bone that are being styled with everyday clothes. Fashion gods, I hear you loud and clear – sweatpants are no longer just for the gym or lazy days at home.
If you are interested in joining me in wearing “fancy sweats” when you are working out, Christmas shopping, or at work (I understand that’s pushing it, but if there was ever a week to push the limits of office-appropriate workwear, it’s this week, when everyone is working for Friday and ready for some serious time off), then check out these sweet options.
The quilted detail at the knees is what sold me on this pair of sweats. Honestly, Anthropologie has so many great sweatpant options right now that it was hard to narrow it down to one for this post. I selected these because of the quilting, but also because of the flat waistband and back pocket – features which make these sweatpants a bit classier. I’m waiting for these ones to go on major sale after the holidays. Don’t buy them.
Funny story – one night at a work dinner I mentioned to a colleague that I was

########
Rank: 12
Score: 32.051727
Retrieved Text: Before lux wakes up I want to make her a very spatial breakfast for her! I wake up and take a quick shower, and I put on some sweats and no shirt. I can&apos;t cook very well so I go get harry!
I dream about louis and he saved me from an evil monster ! I was the princess and he was the prince. but when he saved me he said that he regretted it ! I reared up and soon I felt something warm dropping down my face. Dam why do I have to be hurt all the time? I don&apos;t so anything to anyone all I always do is try to stay out of other peoples ways but I guess that that&apos;s not working very well! I felt some one shaking me and them I woke up .
As I walk into the room I see lux in the bed crying! I wonder what&apos;s wrong so I shake her to try to wake her ! she wakes up and hugs me. like her life depends on it! well nows the time to ask her so I get down on one knee. And she looks confused at first them she knew what was going In and she smiled.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 31.74574
Retrieved Text: For students from Kansas, it’s nothing new to wake up in 30-degree temperature, put on sweats and hoodies, then come out of class at two o’clock, greeted by 75-degree weather. It is just a part of what most people would call the “bipolar Kansas weather.” However, for those of you who are new to this area, this weather is probably not what you’d prefer.
Jenna Schultz, a student from Texas, says the weather change hasn’t affected her much, that she actually likes it more than the weather back home due to less humidity. She says that in Texas, it doesn’t usually get below 50 degrees, but she honestly doesn’t mind the 30-degree weather in the mornings.
Several students said they aren’t particularly bothered by the colder weather, it just means they’d rather be in bed covered in blankets watching Netflix. Sounds nice doesn’t it?
Mercedes Behrman says she isn’t a fan of cold weather, but fall fashion is another story.
“Having to wear extra layers can be annoying sometimes, but be able to wear scarves and hats is something I look forward to,” she says.
Really, though, think about this time of year -- it’s beautiful. The leaves are changing color and falling off the trees; Thanksgiving and Christmas are approaching; how could you not love it all?
Pack a sweatshirt or jacket in your bag just in case the weather gets too cold for you after class.
Buy some hand warmers for those late night practices. You can put them in your shoes or your gloves to keep your feet and hands

########
Rank: 14
Score: 31.573374
Retrieved Text: Where in Hell Did They Go?
Sangley/Cavite was different… it was a small base, no ships, one Seaplane Squadron, and a few crews from VQ-1, (usually the same guys), and periodically a crew or two from VW-1, (the “Typhoon Trackers”). I never did figure out exactly how the system worked, and how they decided who got who… but if you were a “regular”, especially if you lived in town, a Shoeshine Boy, a Flower Girl and a Jeepney Driver would soon attach themselves to you, (sorta adopt you as it were), and they would look out for you and take care of you… You could literally pass out in a bar, with money on the bar, the “Bamboo Telegraph” would spread the word to one of them, and they’d take care of you.
The next morning you’d wake up in your house, with your change stuffed in you pocket, and no idea how you got there… It was a great system, wouldn’t have worked in Olongapo, or about anywhere else in the world for that matter, but in Cavite it worked fine… I could probably write a book on Cavite during the mid 60’s, it was so different from what you all knew… For instance there was a 0100 curfew for E-4 and below, unless they had an overnight chit signed by an E-5 or above, (great system, if you had a squared away, hard charging 3rd or Seaman working for you, you could reward him with an occasional overnight without a bunch of questions and paperwork).

########
Rank: 15
Score: 31.57175
Retrieved Text: I have 2 problems but i believe my self they are related. 1. when i want to eat a plate off food i can only manage a quarter of it before i get shuting pains and then i start to burp a lot then have to stop and i will be still hungry but it would hurt if i had any more. 2. when i go to sleep at night i am constantly swallowing my own slarva (spit)my stomach gets full and i wake up burping then i have to throw up (sick) all before i can try to go to sleep again and the pains are really painfull.
The symptoms you have described are suggestive of Acid peptic disease and Gastro esophageal reflux disease. Upper GI endoscopy may confirm the diagnosis. Antacids and acid suppressants may help.
What causes burping a lot?
Hello, I m in no pain just wondering why I m burping a lot. When I would yawn, I d burp. Breathing in I would burp.... My burps don t feel like acid but more like just air. It s been continuing for 2 days now but since im in no pain im not worried... or should i be worried?
What causes pain in upper abdomen with lot of burping and flatulence?
Is excessive burping a symptom of cancer?
I have pain in my mid/upper back and an ALT of 78 and I have been burping a lot. These symptoms all started recently. Can this be cancer? I am very frightened. I have recently had an X-ray and ultrasound

########
Rank: 16
Score: 31.48816
Retrieved Text: Did you know that “Why can’t I sleep?” is one of the most googles searched topics each year?
Whether you have insomnia, trouble falling asleep, or you just can’t sleep through the night, it’s worth taking a look at what might be causing some of the issues.
Many people report they wake up at pretty much the same time night after night. This is what we’re going to look at today.
In short, the time you wake up in the middle of the night might reveal details about your health that you wouldn’t expect.
(As a side note, if you wake up in the night but are able to nod back off to sleep right away, then put your worries aside. You’re probably fine.
But, if night after night you’re awake for an hour (let alone three) in the middle of the night, then it might be worth taking a look at what you could fix in your diet and emotionally to stop that from happening).
If you’re an early-to-bed type and you wake up before 11 p.m., this could mean your thyroid is doing something funky.
Early stages of sleep are when our endocrine system is essentially working to re-balance itself, so if you’re waking up something could be up with your thyroid or adrenals.
Often, it just means you’re having a hard time settling down your body and brain enough to actually get a deep sleep.
In other words, too much adrenaline is pumping through your body to rest properly.
This could mean your gallbladder is irritated—which is needed for digestion and absorption.
One potential

########
Rank: 17
Score: 31.136734
Retrieved Text: In the quest for new clients, new business and new collaborators our network evolves and time marches on. But what of all the old contacts that get left behind in our wake?
In the quest for new clients, new business and new collaborators our network evolves and time marches on. But what of all the old contacts that get left behind in our wake? How many of them are sitting there thinking “I wonder what happened to…we used to be in touch so regularly…” How many of them could you still be doing great things with – or for – if you were only still in touch?
The truth is, dormant contacts probably equate to lost opportunity. Some of the people who added value to your life and work a few years ago could probably add value now. And vice versa. How many would respond positively to finding out they hadn’t simply been forgotten?
Do yourself a favour. Grab a big sheet of paper – larger than you might imagine you need – and map this out. Work instinctively at first, creating a spider diagram of names. Map people not entities – it’s the ‘human to human domain’ you need to explore.
The best way to start the process off is to think about what each ‘leg’ of your spider diagram will represent. For example.
Gatekeepers – those who you know that can give you access to useful networks.
Influencers – people who have powers of persuasion within their niche.
Connectors – the wonderful people who seem to know everyone!
Fans and champions –

########
Rank: 18
Score: 31.092733
Retrieved Text: With an arsenal of plaid suits, lens-less glasses, and pink pants, Dwyane Wade is on the front lines of the NBA fashion wars.
He was in New York City last night to talk on an ESPN The Magazine panel about the fashion and sports, and we had a chance to ask him some questions.
He talked about how style has changed since he came into the league, and how he and his wife have similar-looking closets these days.
We also asked him about the biggest mystery in NBA fashion today: Why the heck do players wear glasses without lenses?
His answer: "Just something to do."
Logistical question: When you get done with a game and you get back to your locker, is there an outfit there waiting for you? Do you bring it to the arena?
For home games, I bring my clothes to the arena. I bring two different outfits that I can pick after the game. Road game, I got to wear what I walk in with.
Have you ever walked in after a game and said, "It's too exhausting. I'd rather just put on sweats and get out of here?"
Yes. Especially when you have to get on a plane and travel back two and a half hours. You're like, "Man let me throw on some sweats and be comfortable." But sometimes you're like, you know what, I have to go out the way I came in.
I follow you on Instagram and Twitter. And even when you take Instagram shots of yourself you're always dressed really nice. Is there any time

########
Rank: 19
Score: 30.936293
Retrieved Text: Full disclosure #1: I’m a longtime vegetarian. Full disclosure #2: My literary aesthetic is much more likely to align with a feminist voice than of a hyper-masculine one. Full disclosure #3: If you’d told me a few months ago that I’d want to accept a story called “Meat Sweats” about two men who gorge themselves on beef, take bumps of cocaine in a bar bathroom, and lift weights at a place called “The Cage,” I probably wouldn’t have believed you. And yet here we are!
This is what I love about editing a literary journal: good writing always comes with its own surprises. After reading “Meat Sweats,” Prose Editor Matt Weinkam and I were immediately taken with the story’s energy, humor, and characters who turn out to be more complex than they appear on the surface. It was one of those stories that stuck in both of our minds for weeks as we started making editorial decisions for Issue 2.
As much as Matt and I enjoyed “Meat Sweats,” we had some reservations about the ending. Endings are always difficult, aren’t they? As we saw it, the story’s original ending was too explanatory and seemed to wrap up Dre’s character too neatly. When I contacted Steve to discuss revision, however, I didn’t originally intend to select “Meat Sweats” for my editorial mentorship. I had it in my mind that our mentorships should be more all-encompassing instead of focusing on just the last few paragraphs. But I soon realized that we had the opportunity to consider more broadly why

########
Rank: 20
Score: 30.908037
Retrieved Text: ­On land, human beings and other mammals breathe involuntarily: If we don't make a decision to breathe or not to breathe, our body will take in air automatically. Because of their undersea environment, whales and dolphins must be conscious breathers: They have to actively decide when to breathe. Consequently, in order to breathe, they have to be conscious. This presents a problem, since mammalian brains need to enter an unconscious state from time to time in order to function correctly (see How Sleep Works to find out why this might be).
­­There's plenty of time for a dolphin to catch a catnap between trips to the ocean surface, of course, but this isn't a viable option. When you're a conscious breather, it's just not feasible to be completely unconscious -- what if you don't wake up in time? The solution for whales and dolphins is to let one half of the brain sleep at a time. In this way, the animal is never completely unconscious, but it still gets the rest it needs.
Scientists have studied this phenomenon in dolphins, using electroencephalography. In this process, electrodes hooked up to the head measure electricity levels in the brain. The resulting electroencephalograms (EEGs) of dolphin brains demonstrate that in the sleep cycle, half of the dolphin's brain does indeed "shut down" while the other half is still active. Researchers have observed that dolphins are in this state for approximately eight hours a day.
We can't really know what this rest state feels like, but we can make a good guess. It

########
Rank: 21
Score: 30.834099
Retrieved Text: We know the devastations and the ramifications of untreated ADHD and oftentimes treatments don’t always work all that well and we spend years, upon years looking for the magic potion. Yet, sooner or later, we come to a point when we realize that one doesn’t exist. Or, does it? No, probably not, but something else does exist and it can come pretty darn close.
Have you ever been beat down, physically punished to the point that the pain is so horrible you can’t even see straight, much less think straight? I have, more times than I care to remember. I’ve been through horrendous, painful things that have been brought on by my untreated, undiagnosed ADHD and a lot of it before I ever reached my teens.
You might think I would grow to be an extremely resentful, angry and hurt person. You would be right. I was, for a very long time. Indeed, sadly, I was. I could have remained that way, it was natural, and no one would blame me, because it was understandable. It was a very depressing feeling like there was no hope for the future. Not only was I affected, but those nearest to me as well, because my despair and hopelessness wasn’t containable no matter how well I tried to hide under a smile or the appearance of stalwart compliance. It was like a disease that consumed me from within and spread to those around me, which is an unavoidable consequence.
Starting at the age of 12 I worked behind a bar serving drinks.
You

########
Rank: 22
Score: 30.821371
Retrieved Text: I think it's safe to say my severe night sweats are related to the Hashimoto's. I wasn't really getting bad night sweats for a good six months or so. And a few days ago, I stopped the thyroid med for a few reasons. One is, the tablets give me severe chronic acid reflux and leg cramps, and the gelcaps nearly killed me. So I stopped all of it a few days ago to see if the leg cramps and acid reflux would clear up.
Without the thyroid med, the acid reflux is much, much better. Like a small fraction of what it was. The leg cramps have yet to get better.
But the night sweats are back in full force. I sweated to death all night, soaked everything, had sweat dripping into my eyes. So all those years and years of night sweats, it's related to the Hashimoto's.
Don't really know yet how I will treat my Hashimoto's when the pills all make me sick. And the gelcaps were worse. So I'm kind of stuck, and now I've got the night sweats back in full force. I got the severe acid reflux and leg cramps on more than one brand of thyroid med, including the new Armor formulation. I can't take the pills, it got to the point of vomiting from the acid reflux shortly after taking a thyroid pill, so I wasn't even absorbing most of the med anyway. No amount of antacid worked on it, my body just can't digest those pills. And the gelcaps were a

########
Rank: 23
Score: 30.810747
Retrieved Text: Is it wrong to want to inflict a mental illness on everyone in the World except a few? Is it wrong to want to give them amnesia, to make them forget why they have been arguing with their family, their neighbour their friend, why they have been fighting with the enemy, forget how to read so that the words written by men that encourage segregation and hate are disregarded? Is it wrong to want them to forget about religion, conflict, war and how to use weapons? Is it wrong to erase the memories? What if everyone woke up and instinct took over. If the human brain had been rewired overnight. You see dogs help cats, lions help tigers in zoos, you see people of different races and creeds all living together to help one another. What if the memories of just the good guys were left intact?
Pick a good guy you know, go on, think about someone whose memory shouldn’t be erased. Think about yourself. Can you honestly say that you have never had a bad thought towards another human being? You’ve never wanted to drag the idiot out of the car that almost ran you off the road. You’ve never wanted to pin your neighbour up against the wall and shout, you’re a bloody nuisance. You’ve never wanted to tell the guy that wants to tell his life story to the receptionist at the doctors to get a life, shut up and get out of the way before you kick him violently. As if you

########
Rank: 24
Score: 30.744963
Retrieved Text: You are at:Home»Owner Guides»Behavior»What do Dogs Dream About?
Have you ever looked at your dog and wondered what they were thinking?
Have you ever watched your dog twitch, run, or bark in their dreams and questioned what they could be dreaming about? Most dog owners have.
Maybe they are chasing after a rabbit or a mischievous cat, or maybe they are chasing after that new toy you just got them?
You probably thought you would never really know what your dogs were dreaming, but today is your lucky day.
Scientists have done multiple studies on dreaming in different animals, including dogs, and have some evidence explaining how dogs dream and what they dream about.
1 What Does Science Tell About Dog Dreams?
2 When Do Dogs Dream and What Are Their Sleeping Patterns?
2.1 What If My Dog’s Eyes Are Twitching?
3 What Are the Subjects of Dog Dreams?
3.1 What About Nightmares in Dog Dreams?
What Does Science Tell About Dog Dreams?
Pretty cool, huh? And it’s not just this structure (the pons) in our brains that is similar, but also our sleep patterns and brain activity.
When Do Dogs Dream and What Are Their Sleeping Patterns?
It turns out dogs are quite similar to humans when it comes to our sleep patterns and brain wave activity.
Dogs enter a deep sleep stage, much like our own, in which their breathing becomes more irregular and they go into REM sleep (that’s sound familiar, right?).
When dogs are in REM sleep, that is when they dream and when the involuntary movements occur. Dogs might move their legs, like they’re running; they may

########
Rank: 25
Score: 30.73389
Retrieved Text: Read the latest trends for the upcoming season, making sure you always look stylish. Keep on top of what's popular in menswear, including camel overcoats, 90's trends and everything you need to know.
Have you ever thought about wearing a jacket in the Autumn or Winter? For me, this is a big no-no. I have always considered the denim jacket a Summer item, or transitioning from Spring to Summer. Jean jackets are lightweight, and great for throwing over a tee in the Summer.
But what if you want to wear one in the Winter? Can you wear a denim jacket in Winter? Are they style rules, and how can you style it?
Check out the whole outfit below and see how I’ve styled it.
Hey guys I hope you are well! Summer is nearing the end, so I thought it was about time I shared this outfit idea, the Shirt and T-Shirt combination. A really simple style to pull off, which combines a couple of simple items and looks really great this season, without too much effort.
For this look I’ve gone all Uniqlo. You may remember a while back I bought these at Uniqlo, that is the blue linen shirt, plain white T-shirt and these cream chinos.
Just when you thought you’d missed out, bum bags are back in fashion in 2018!
If you are 25 years old or under, then you can be forgiven if you don’t know what a bum bag is, but if you’re like me, and grew up with 90’s fashion trends, then you’ll know all about them,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 30.677855
Retrieved Text: Casadora while Wake fished and had fleeting dreams, some of which she knew and others she didn't. Then, a faint flicker of something....something familiar and it was gone. Soon she awoke slowly and raised her head slightly, her memory not with her. It came back to her as she remembered recent events and sighed with a sad look. Loud wingbeats could then be heard as sounds of a dragon landing into the cavern and what sounded like crackling. She had completely forgotten this was around the time He would come and visit her, forgetting to tell Wake about a regular visitor that stopped by every so often.
The dragon that came into the den was male, as well being quite aged and yet youthful looking compared to Thantos. Standing about a head shorter with yellowish-white scales and purple underbelly, purple horns, and two frills on his cheek that seemed frayed. Yellow eyes filled with concern as he looked at the dragoness adn hwo she seemed to have trouble sitting up.
"Fine? You can barely sit up Casadora!"
"It was....just an accident brother."
He snorted and looked around the den, "Then wheres your mate then, hmm? And I can smell another as well, who pray tell, did that senile mate of yours bring here?"
She sighed knowing this was bound to happen, "Volan...that would be...his pupil Wake."
He had a look of disbelief, "A pupil? Casadora, how can you just let him pick up some random dragon and call them his student?"
"Thats because....I respect his decision. And...you would be....quite surprised...on how much potential.....he

########
Rank: 27
Score: 30.650705
Retrieved Text: ""Time is irrelevant at this point.""
Why would Ryan make him text me. He probably figured I needed more friends and more social skills, considering I was only friends with him, maybe he was getting tired of anap my friend. Oh well. I wouldn't mind being friends with this Justin guy.
About 2 in the morning is when Ryan finally made it into the dorm, he was actually with somebody. It was a girl, I could smell her perfume fill the whole dorm room. They were whispering really quietly, I couldn't make out what they were saying, but I figured they were whispering about me being asleep.
I was actually excited to listen, this probably is going to be pretty hot. I then heard Ryan get up from his bed and walk over to mine, was he going to wake me up and ask if I wanted to join. I so would.
Now, they really haven't. At all. Our human empathy and drive to persevere and rise up is what brings about this greater good, despite the setbacks and terrible tragedies of things like disease and natural disasters.
Mel Brooks couldn't get his movies made today, they're way too politically incorrect. But most of his stuff was hilarious!
Has a more baseless, juvenile rant ever hit these pages? I'm sure. But this is a great demonstration.
Funny how that gesture offends you so deeply when its just the circle game. Man, I'll have to keep it for a while!
Pray God you're never a POW for 5 1/2 years, pal.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 30.483852
Retrieved Text: It’s a late night post, or early morning depending on how you want to look at it but my old friend insomnia seems to have returned. You don’t have to read this one. If you give it a skip I won’t judge you as it’s just a random ramble and I’m sort of hoping that if I get a few words out of my head it will help ease the worry a bit and make space for more creativity and oomph.
On Wednesday I finally sucked up my pride and went to the Dr. I hate going because I always feel judged and as if I’m making things up or just being a hypochondriac because physically I look fine and I manage to hide most things really well when I’m out in public or socializing which I guess is another reason those events drain me as much as they do. Anyone who has met me will probably tell you that I am not the introvert I say am, they are more likely to tell you I’m friendly, open and always loud and smiling.
I think I should’ve been an actress cause clearly I’m so fantastic at putting on a convincing show.
What you don’t see is that I am in chronic pain, you don’t see the constant hurt when I stand or even sit or lay down thanks to falling off a horse and being kicked in both the spine and head (by two different horses seconds apart), it probably didn’t help that I just kept getting back on

########
Rank: 29
Score: 30.384682
Retrieved Text: You might think that the time when you wake up has nothing to do with how your day turns out. This is not true. Find out about the best time to wake up to maximize your potential every day and get an energy boost.
You might think that the later you wake up, the rested you will feel. As logical as this may sound, it is not the case. Actually, when asking "when should I wake up", you should know that the sooner you wake up, the more rested you will feel.
Naturally, you shouldn't take it to extremes and sleep for only three hours per night; that's not enough rest to keep you going. Nonetheless, it's not good to sleep for 10-11 hours either. When you wake up you will feel even more tired than when you went to bed and you will be wondering when is the best time to wake up. This is what we are here to help you with.
When Should I Wake up to Make the Best of My Day and to Get an Energy Boost While Protecting My Health?
So, when is the right time to wake up? Is there a given time which is suitable for the majority of people or is it something personal?
In case you are wondering what time to wake up at, you should know that the majority of people say you should set your alarm to 5am. Although at the moment this might seem horribly early, you should know that there is a lot you could get done

================



======= Instance Index 46 =========
Input Text: A human is fragile, so you should take care since you only get what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- one body
- muscles
- mouth
- two arms
- stupidity

Target Text: one body

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 27.737919
Retrieved Text: In this world where machines have life guarantee but human does not?
Why machines have lost, broken and anti-theft plans but there’s nothing for human!
Machines could be protected by anti-virus and firewalls but human are not safe inside any wall!
You can get extra protection layers for mobile but child is not safe!
Machinery is transported with “fragile” tag but what about human !!
Why? We are Human not Machine! !
LOVE it! The term mortal is not applied to machinery. Only the mortal have the luxury of not being replaceable. I guess that is the one value in being human. We can’t guarantee that we can be replaced in the event of damage or destruction. Thank you for your thoughtful analogy.
if I may I want to recommend you few fascinating issues or advice.
We human are just numbers!
Indeed indeed!!! We are just consumed. I’m glad your thoughts resonate with my post ..
This post leaves you thinking! It may not seem fair that machine can last fprver if taken well care of them but us humans tend to be fragile and even if taken care of we won’t last forever.
Exactly! I don’t know if there is a purpose for that, but that’s how I see the situation as well.
Alas!! This situation is weird..

########
Rank: 1
Score: 26.063229
Retrieved Text: Are you confused by all of the hair typing? With so many types, it can get pretty confusing. Here is some useful information about 4B hair type and what you should know.
Type 4B has a Z pattern, without a definite curl pattern. It’s hair type doesn’t necessarily coil or curl but bends sharply back and forth like a Z. 4B hair has a cottony-texture and feel, but don’t be fooled into thinking that it is incredibly strong hair. It can range from fine to coarse, but it is often very fragile and must always be handled with care. This fragility makes protective styles, such as twists, braids and cornrows, very popular for those of us with delicate, natural hair. 4B hair, unstretched, often shrinks up to 75% of its actual length.
4B hair is not only fragile, it tangles and knots very easily if not properly cared for. Detangling should be a routine part of caring for your hair, as should keeping it regularly moisturized. 4B hair dries out very easily as well which leads to breakage.
It’s a good idea to know your hair type so you know how to treat it and which products are best for your hair, but this may seem like a lot to those who are newly natural! However, when you recognize that you have 4B hair type and learn what you should know, you’ll see that coming up with a simple routine is not painful at all.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 25.790638
Retrieved Text: Fragile IT methodology is a new technique that is gaining traction in the current data center management industry.
The methodology is based on the premiss that IT equipment is fragile and vulnerable to failure. Fragile IT architecture keeps this as a guiding principle and builds data centers around the philosophy that the failure needs to be handled with minimum resources. In a backup oriented architecture, primary or secondary systems that fail need to be replaced or repaired so that the overall functionality of the data center goes back to normal. In the fragile world, the approach is to keep the failed system within the ecosystem, while also ensuring that it does not drain critical power resources.
Fragile IT also works on the current market reality that the cost of human engineering effort to repair a server that costs $1500 will often be more than the cost of the server. Fragile IT works very well in modular data centers, which work with hardware vendors that supply container-based systems. The advantage is that there is no human component needed from the data center side. Deployments are completed in record time with vendors ensuring even post lifecycle activities. When the equipment is no longer active and has phased out, vendors take care of what needs to be done with the container and its equipment. A container-based architecture also requires less cooling and is cost effective as compared to other models. Real estate is also minimized, making it an ideal choice for elegantly designed modular data centers.
Lifecycle management and equipment replacement costs

########
Rank: 3
Score: 25.73374
Retrieved Text: If you have already taken the hard decision to move out of your current house and go to a new one then your next worry should be how to transport all of your things at your new place? There are lots of companies that can help you if your new address is in the same city, but if it is not then you might have some serious problems.
The most important thing that you need to remember here that if you want to take care of this job on your own you will have lots of troubles. Number one on the list is the fact that you will have to hire a vehicle that will be able to fit everything on it. This might be a really hard decision because you will not be able to judge the situation properly. Next problem is moving and dragging all those heavy objects! If you don’t know how to lift them then you are exposing yourself to severe health injuries and we guess this is the last thing you need at this moment. And last but not least – the fragile things. You need to know how to arrange all those fragile things in the van in order not to get damaged.
If you think that you will not be able to take care of all those things then you might want to know that we are here to help you. Our professional agency wants to give you a hand and ensure you our special team of experienced workers who know

########
Rank: 4
Score: 25.728003
Retrieved Text: Our Company takes care for all our costumers’ floor concerns. Does not matter what kind floor you have. We have a trustful professional on the field that will take care of it for you. Carpet, wood floor, title, marble, granite, etc.
We believe on green that is the reason why for us is imperative the use of non toxic cleaning products that do not harm the human being or the planet.
We care about your items as they’re our own. We’re tough enough to scrub, but gentle enough to feather dust your fragile items.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 25.588715
Retrieved Text: If you are thinking of buying the dwarf rabbit, it is best to buy rabbit that is 8 weeks old. Never buy rabbit that is younger than that because it will only die after a few days you bring it home. Rabbits younger than 8 weeks will need to be breast fed and separating it from it mother will be a detrimental act. There are many cases of people having to face such situation because they bought dwarf rabbits from unknown breeders. It is important that you buy the rabbits from reputable breeders or pet stores. It is also important for you to know about dwarf rabbit care. It is essential for you to learn about the way to care for the tiny rabbit. With the right care the rabbit will have a healthy and prosperous life with you.
It is not easy to determine the gender of the dwarf rabbit when it is still young. It is only after 4 months old that you will know the real gender of the rabbit. The cute rabbit is fun and playful. It love human attention and for that you must spare some time for the rabbit so that it will be emotionally healthy. The rabbit should not be place in a crowded cage because this will only cause stress to the little bunny. Stress can lead to a fatal outcome for the rabbits. The rabbit will need your affection because it really important for the little guy. You should also take the rabbit to the vet so that

########
Rank: 6
Score: 25.521242
Retrieved Text: Office movers take extra in protecting your artworks before, during, and after a move.
Office movers will help you take care of that painting, sculpture, canvas or print.
Most offices like to brighten their spaces with original art. Some offices even have art collections appraised to have high value.
Protecting your art is especially important if you are relocating to a new office.
Your office movers should do their best to protect those precious canvasses and fragile figures, but for an especially fragile or expensive piece of art, or if moving a large group of paintings, your commercial movers should also be able to supply you with designed cartons or wooden crates that provide extra protection to ensure the safety of your art during the move.
Here are some tips on protecting your art for a move.
Fragile is an understatement if you are moving anything with glass.
With their odd sizes, shapes and fragile construction, sculptures and other three-dimensional art pieces require extra care. If the sculpture comes as part of a set, or has any removable pieces, make sure you wrap each piece individually.
Some sculptures, especially those made of stone such as marble can be incredibly heavy, so make sure you take extra care when preparing it for your office movers.
Unlike fragile glass or stone, prints and canvasses tend to be a bit more durable. However, you still want to make sure your wood or foam-backed canvasses, unframed paintings, prints or photographs don’t snap, bend or buckle before your office movers arrive.
Are you moving to a new office? Read our blog,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 25.51957
Retrieved Text: There aren't many articles having the human rights subject, and mentioning the fact that we are a specie of animals, and that animal rights are allied with human rights.
And yet,all of us are animals.
It should be close to our hearts, and our allegiance should be to all our animal family first, before splintering into our own specie - especially since our shared fates depend upon the home we all live on - this fragile planet.
issues for human beings too.
those of our own specie.
There are many, many organizations that help humans - although none is doing enough. However - at the same time that they help, most are helping in ways that will not sustain nurturance of these hungry populations or change things, and they are doing so using cruelty measures that introduce even more problems and continue to ruin the planet's environmental systems.
We must stand up for many different issues all at once.
I, as an animal rights activist, would like to combine all of the compassionate measures into one organization.
toward Humanizing is all the same drive, when viewed clearly.
The cure for the entire planet is compassion.
How? How does it lead to saving the starving people in Africa?
Eating compassionate foods means reclaiming the land now used for grazing by the meat industry, and farming grains and vegetables, fruits, nuts, and seeds organically.
sanity and receptivity in the mind and the emotions, supplying adequate nutrition, vitamins, and all the requirements of health for humanity.
the gaps beteen the haves and the have-nots.
Adopting rather than bearing children will not only create

########
Rank: 8
Score: 25.380714
Retrieved Text: Individuals with no sign of the condition can pass the gene mutation on to a child or grandchild. In some families Fragile X has been occurring for generations, affecting numerous family members, while in other families it may seem to appear for the first time.
What is the treatment for Fragile X syndrome?
Presently, there is no cure for Fragile X syndrome. However, many of the problems associated with Fragile X syndrome can be improved with various treatments. Treatment consists primarily of special education, speech and language, and occupational and physical therapy. Medications are also helpful for individuals with hyperactivity, poor attention, aggression, anxiety, or depression.
How will the diagnosis help my child?
If the test for Fragile X is positive for your child it means that Fragile X Syndrome is the underlying cause of the behavioral and intellectual symptoms you maybe be dealing with for your child.
It will give you a more focused direction for the child since there is a unique constellation of needs often seen in children with Fragile X Syndrome that must be considered!!
Understanding that this is a genetic condition will help the family get appropriate genetic counseling.
Do alternate remedies like homeopathy, ayurveda, astrology etc. help the child?
Yes they may help. However, it is very important to understand that these are “alternate remedies” and cannot and should not replace therapies and other medical intervention prescribed by the doctor. The most proven help your child will get is from therapies and advice of the doctor. Therefore they can only be used as an alternate and not a

########
Rank: 9
Score: 25.214931
Retrieved Text: Home Caring for Fine Natural Hair Natural Hair Care Fine Natural hair is fragile Part 8:Extensions are a "No No"
Fine Natural hair is fragile Part 8:Extensions are a "No No"
A lot of naturals tend to wear braids with extensions during the fall and winter seasons. They do this to fully protect their hair from the elements. But extensions may not be for everyone.
I love braids with extensions..VERY MUCH. But I can't wear them because when I take the extensions out, I am left with no hairline. This happened to me so many times, no matter how gentle the braider was. Now, there are other naturals that can rock braids with extensions with no damage to their hairline. I believe those have thicker strands which I do not. The hair comprising my hairline is even thinner and finer like "baby baby hair".
The hair comprising the hairline of someone that has fine hair should not carry any"extra weight" that will pull the hair out of the scalp. The hairline should be treated with a lot of TLC, by not pulling the hair and massaging the scalp in that area to increase blood flow for growth stimulation.
Braids with extensions are not the only culprit for damage to the hairline. Cornrow and Flat Twist wearers need to be careful too, when styling their hair. If you must wear these styles as protective styles, try not to wear them consistently. For example, you can wear cornrows this week and two strand twists the following week. You also have to be careful

########
Rank: 10
Score: 25.195211
Retrieved Text: Short Paragraph on Health is Wealth. Category: Essays, Paragraphs and Articles On November 29, Short Essay on Health is Wealth. Short Paragraph on Importance of Good Health; Short Paragraph on Health and Fitness; What is Health? Why Health is Important? How to maintain Good Health? Human health is a fragile structure, influenced by many inner and outer factors. Thats why it should be permanently taking care of. People suffer from different disease starting with the common cold, flu, mumps, insomnia, nosebleed, dandruff, hiccup and from the more serious ones sick as heartattacks, strokes, cancer and AIDS.
So, our health is a real wealth; we should always try to be healthy. Long and Short Essay on Health is Wealth in English.
There is a very common and true saying that Health is Wealth. We should always keep in mind that wealth is wealth however health is the greatest wealth in this world. Good health is a boon. It is the real jewel of life, the most precious possession of man.
If a man losses his health, the world losses all it charms for him. A good wealth of health can be obtained in a number of ways. It needs regular exercise, good food, good thoughts, and cleanliness. And wealth is not health but a parameter of health. Without money you cannot recover health. Try to earn some money for your health. So, do not spoil your health for earning more wealth.
All of us are very much familiar with the proverb Health is Wealth. But it is very unfortunate that we

########
Rank: 11
Score: 25.19152
Retrieved Text: It is very easy in this day of technology and avarice of equipment to forget about what is most important. The artist. Spending the time to get the right take and to make the artist feel at ease and confident will get far greater results than "fixing" it later.
There is no perfection. Only great moments. Catching that moment is far more critical than what microphone you have. "Does the take feel honest?" "Do I believe it?" These are the questions to ask first.
I love gear and technique as much as any other engineer/producer, but this has got to be second or third place to the performance.
Why am I writing about the Verifying DMI Pool Data Error? Because as a studio owner/engineer, we can't afford to have our computers go down. I had mine go down for almost two days until I fixed it. I thought I would share my fix, since it works for me. Anyone desperately looking for answers might stumble on this and a possible fix for them.
Unplug your computer, open it up, got to the motherboard and pull out the battery and put it back in. Plug the computer back in and restart. The BIOS will re-load and presto! You are up and running! *Make sure to update the Time/Date back to the current time because the BIOS refresh wipes out that info, or you might have a hard time getting back on the internet.
I pulled out all my hair trying different ways to fix this and after almost two days. If these

########
Rank: 12
Score: 25.189775
Retrieved Text: When we think about the material of glass we often think of something fragile… but think of the its strengths(!) We build our skyscrapers with it; it is the barrier between us hurtling through space in our moving car, and it can even stop bullets!
Glass also reveals the light – and that is what I have to go on right now. This is what I would like to share with you. In this world of incessant negative news vying for our attention, we have choices, there is another way.
If any of you are like me, lately I’ve been feeling like the fragile piece of delicate glass. Susceptible to all of the woes on the planet, needing a “handle with care” sticker, feeling the intensity of this world so deeply.
Glass reflects the human condition. We are so tough when we need to be, but we are also fragile and need care.
The amazing thing about glass is it could be shattered, but the pieces can be put back in the furnace, to be remelted & formed into something new.
I am choosing to feel the light and strength of the glass and bring that out to the world through my work.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.089684
Retrieved Text: The money tree is considered a symbol of wealth and belongs to the family of Crassulaceae. The plant is valued not only because of its unpretentiousness, but also because of the active attraction of monetary energy in the house to its owner - so says science feng shui. Money tree is perfect for any interior, so you can safely place it in your apartment. You can read more about where and how to place a money tree in the article “Feng Shui Money Tree”.
Also, the money tree constantly releases substances that have a positive effect on the air atmosphere in the room, and this is best reflected in human health. Thanks to the money tree, you can constantly breathe clean air, and this in turn will help you to quickly relieve mental stress, stressful states and overcome fatigue. The components that the plant secretes, among other things, kill harmful microbes that hover in the air, and are good prevention of colds. It is just necessary to have such a useful plant in your home and many housewives have long since acquired it.
Only an acquired young plant, or an already-grown money tree, often requires a transplant, and here comes the important question: How to transplant a money tree ?. If you think when it is better to transplant a money tree, then spring or summer is ideal for this. Money tree should be replanted every two years, not more often, as it develops slowly and does not need frequent transplantation. A young plant purchased in a store

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.07529
Retrieved Text: A mother’s womb is an incredible place. In this warm and nutrient-rich environment, a tiny egg is fertilised, and 40 weeks later a beautiful, fully formed human emerges. No wonder the word miracle is so often used by parents to describe the birth of their child.
Given how fragile life is through these nine months, the womb should be the safest place on earth. But in recent decades, tragically it has become the most dangerous.
Abortion is now the leading cause of death worldwide. Around the world each year, some 56 million pre-born babies have their lives cut short. 70,000 of these would otherwise be raised by Australian parents.
Without doubt, some women who choose abortion have faced harrowing circumstances. A recent study, for example, has found that pregnant women who suffer violence are far more likely to seek an abortion than those who haven’t. The only humane response to someone who sees abortion as their only option is compassion and care.
Compassion and care are also desperately needed for expecting mothers, so that they’re well supported when they choose to carry their baby to full term in the face of great difficulties.
But if all this is so, then surely compassion and care are needed most for the unborn, who are truly the world’s most vulnerable. Rightly did Gandhi say that “a nation’s greatness is measured by how it treats its weakest members”.
How we treat the unborn hit global headlines again last month, when the state of New York passed a law legalising abortion up to birth. Buoyed by this,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.017569
Retrieved Text: Great cover story on disaster prep.
We are lucky to have professionals like Hunt, Thiemann and Yeomans; however, your article gives false expectations that these folks will be able to come to the rescue on an as-needed basis. That will not happen. It is up to individuals and families to prepare for a minimum of 72 hours.
As a retired FEMA disaster reservist, I know what people bring to my table. Nothing! Not in Florida, not in New Jersey, not in Texas, not in Missouri. They are fragile and life is in shambles.
• Volunteer agencies are first on the scene. When appropriate, they will open shelters and move into the neighborhood with cleaning supplies and food.
• FEMA’s goal is to get you to sanitary, safe surroundings. It will not restore your pre-disaster comforts and comes in only at the request of the governor after many assessments and recommendations.
• Local police and fire will not be rolling in just for you.
• 72-hour of self-care is a minimum. Individuals must be prepared to take care of themselves for weeks.
• American Red Cross.org – look for the free app.
• Citizen Emergency Response Training, offered for free by many local police and fire districts.
Preparation should include plans for your car, house, work and a bug-out bag for immediate evacuation.
It is all about taking care of oneself and family and then, reaching out to those who can’t take care of themselves. So, advise folks to get a clean trash can and start filling it with what will keep them safe, sanitary, fed and

########
Rank: 16
Score: 24.975544
Retrieved Text: Make sure you listen to the episode here or by clicking play below!
Dr. Craig Liebenson was kind enough to lend us an hour of his time to discuss movement, strength, and the concept of becoming Anti-Fragile for an episode of Strength Chat. We dove into all areas of human performance but his priority list for becoming anti-fragile is what stood out the most to me. We often hear about mental toughness or cringe worthy statements such as “pain is weakness leaving the body”. But, it’s not so often we get to pick the brain of a professional as respected as Dr. Liebenson. Aside from his work as the Director of L.A Sport and Spine (a pain management, rehabilitation, and performance enhancement center) Dr. Liebenson is an active consultant for professional sports organizations such as the MLB and NFL.
I’ll set the stage for Dr. Liebenson’s formula for anti-fragility with a quote below.
“Isn’t the pursuit of perfection really the opposite of progress? Shouldn’t we look for catalysts? Shouldn’t we look for impactful interventions that will catalyze adaptation? As opposed to try and make something absolutely perfect. “– Dr. Craig Liebenson.
After you read through the good Doc’s priority list I’ll give you my thoughts on what it takes in order to become ant-fragile.
There should be no pain, this isn’t no pain no gain.
Motor control first, quality over quantity.
Load is the best corrective. We need to get to load sooner. We can’t baby people.
Cast your net wide and look at the entire kinetic chain. Find the most impactful intervention.
If you’ve

########
Rank: 17
Score: 24.823933
Retrieved Text: The Sustainable Design Group is an architectural and engineering design firm that believes that all design should be beautiful, durable, energy efficient, kind to the environment AND cost appropriate. It should not have to cost more to design and build beautiful and sustainable buildings.
Our firm is committed to our community and this is a wonderful way for us to show our support since we share the belief that good education is the cornerstone of a functional community; that financial independence and security is based on that education as well as other basic needs such as safe and energy efficient housing; and that health care, especially preventative health care, should be available to everyone. I have a goal of one day helping the United Way by serving on the Community Investment Fund Advisory Committee since some of these issues are encompassed in The Sustainable Design Group's business philosophy.
I am a sixth generation Floridian and mosquitoes don't bother me. I am passionate about protecting the environment of our fragile state and it's beautiful ecosystems - this is what led me down the path of being an environmental engineer that specializes in sustainability. Besides designing for the traditional-built environment, I am also working with a team that is patenting a retrofit to commercial HVAC systems to significantly lower operating costs and lengthen the life of the systems, most recently installed at the Alachua County Humane Society.
I would tell my younger self that understanding your life mission is more important than an education and that spending some time learning what

########
Rank: 18
Score: 24.81725
Retrieved Text: Hello, moving people! We are eager to keep on providing you with moving tips! After you had decided where you want to relocate, you should have picked a good moving company. After that, all that is left is to get prepared for the moving day. Get informed what moving problems might happen during your relocation, and how to prevent them. Or how to react in case you’re not able to prevent them from happening. In order to prepare for the forthcoming relocation day, you should pack your stuff. We are not going to repeat what we already discussed. Here we are with tips on packing and moving fragile items. This article is about what you should do to keep them safe from breaking or damaging.
Take your time– Don’t pack your valuable fragile items for moving in a rush. It never ends well.
Prepare proper packing supplies- To prevent the fragile items from damaging, you need the material that you will use for wrapping them.
Make sure you marked every fragile item- The best way to be sure that moving fragile items won’t end up breaking them is- mark them as fragile!
When it comes to keeping your valuables safe, don’t be sloppy. And there is a great possibility for sloppiness in case you are in a hurry. Whether you have plenty of time, or you need to speed up the moving process, the advice is the same. It is better to be late than to have any of your valuables damaged, isn’t it? So, again, take your time when

########
Rank: 19
Score: 24.801859
Retrieved Text: When doing practices like continuous delivery and continuous integration, testing becomes a more important part of the work because it’s unreasonable to regression test all possible effects of a release manually. When doing five releases on a workday, you don’t get to do a full manual regression testing on every release as that would easily take up one person’s time for a day. Instead, you want your code to be nicely covered with the right tests for ensuring the application work as expected.
What are the different kinds of tests?
There are different ways to test in your application and you should always ask yourself: “What kind of test will cover this feature” and then choose that test.
You might have heard about the testing pyramid and the saying that 80 % of the tests should be unit tests, 15 % is integration tests and 5 % is UI tests. These percentages might vary depending on who you ask but the ratio should be around the same.
When going up the testing pyramid, tests become more expensive because; they are harder to create, they are harder to maintain/more flakey because they test on fragile interfaces like the UI. On the top of the pyramid is manual testing, which still has its place, even in the modern ages of automatization and DevOps, because validating a new feature for the first time requires a human to decide if it is passing the user acceptance criteria (UAT). In Angular context, there are the following types of test: isolated and shallow unit testing, integration

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.719223
Retrieved Text: Everyday I’m reminded how fragile our egos and emotions are. Although some people appear “tough” and pretend they don’t care what other people think about them, I find that is quite the opposite. As human beings we have the need for approval, praise, and encouragement. We revel in being told what a great job we’re doing, how good we look, how important we are and of course how loved we are. Sadly not everyone receives those accolades on a daily or regular basis. But they should!!
Consciously practice these four principals on a daily basis, several times throughout the day.
Makes perfect sense. But let’s try it. By nature, we love to repeat a story, better known as gossip. Usually it’s hurtful or unhappy things we’re repeating. When we do this- the law of attraction is bringing that negativity right back to us. And that’s not good.
So today, (or for the next hour) practice saying, repeating only positive, uplifting things about a situation or other person. It takes practice- so start on it now! And remember, practice makes PERFECT!
2. Don’t Assume. We always, always, always assume. Peoples feelings get hurt, trust’s get broken, cold wars start. All kinds of bad things. All because we “assume”. In actuality we don’t Know other peoples’ motives or thoughts- we take it upon ourselves to “assume” and it’s usually for the worst. When someone doesn’t answer their cell phone, we assume they’re ignoring us or don’t want to talk to us. I’ve seen many relationships get strained or broken because we make

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.671412
Retrieved Text: It sounds like (once again) the psychic was telling her what she wanted to hear by softening that your new partner is bad for you anyway and using you for money.
Secondly, you and your wife should not be relying on and consulting psychics. They should really be viewed as entertainment services because people rely on what psychics say and get addicted calling up about exes and love interests when most of the time psychics are not psychic or get it **scarily** wrong. Going to psychics you should go for general readings a couple of times a year for general readings only to see what is coming up (possibly) and which loved ones want to come in and give you a message.
Especially if you have mental health issues, calling psychics really is dangerous for you and I would strongly advise you only going to psychics for entertainment purposes and not take their words as gospel. Please seek advice from healthcare professionals and the appropriate people when you need it, unfortunately there are many phoney readers out there who will take your mental health issues and your vulnerability and expolit you. Please take care of yourself and be safe. Look after yourself please.
And your wife went to psychics over you splitting with her and they told her that about your new partner to make her feel better, if you believe it to not be true then you know your new partner over anybody and it seems like your wife is jealous and taking revenge and mind games to

########
Rank: 22
Score: 24.662056
Retrieved Text: Splitting, broken, chewed off: If the fingernails are in poor condition, the entire hand looks unattractive. Inadequate care or no care can also lead to inflammation. However, strong, beautiful fingernails are not so easy to come by. We have a few nail care tips so that you nails always look healthy and beautiful.
Ideally, the fingernails should never be cut but instead only ever filed. But please not too short or too round since the nail bed can become inflamed as a result and there is a risk of ingrowth.
Often forgotten: Hand cream should be applied not only the hands but to the fingernails as well to prevent them from drying out.
If you use nail polish, be sure that it never remains on your nails too long and afterwards, take a break from nail polish. It is possible for the nails to develop yellowish discoloration due to overly frequent use of nail polish. That's why you should always apply a protective undercoat underneath the nail polish.
Our nails also benefit from good, balanced nutrition. Vitamins and minerals are particularly important for hard fingernails. And of course you should drink enough fluids – 2 to 3 liters of water or heavily diluted fruit juice throughout the day is recommended.
Olive oil can be massaged into soft and fragile fingernails and it can also be applied to nails before washing or cleaning. Alternatively, they can also be brushed or massaged daily with lemon juice.
Ingrown nails can be eliminated by wrapping them with a small, oil-soaked cloth. The next morning, the nails

########
Rank: 23
Score: 24.564837
Retrieved Text: 1. Make sure the plastic covering the screen is removed. This has been the source of much frustration and controversy for many iPhone users in this forum.
2. If any volume problems make sure you get the earwax cleaned. You can visit an EMT in your area with a google search. You can even get directions via google maps on your phone.
3. Make sure you are not a troll. Do you actually own the device or are you a lame, poor, jealous idiot posing to bring down anyone who might otherwise convert to an Apple addict.
5. When in doubt personally attack someone in this forum. Never mind a debate or argument. Go for informal fallacy #1, ye ole ad hominem.
thank you! I was getting really annoyed by all these people complaining about the stupid little issues that can easily be fixed by fw updates. I know the bugs are annoying but what were you expecting for first generation software?!
Thanks man, lol that gave me a laugh and it's very true!
AMEN... Could not have put it better!
You guys are joking, right? Are you really telling people not to complain about small issues? Why is that?
Is this a praise-only forum?
How do you expect things to get better? Why should the iPhone/Apple be treated differently from every thing on earth -- i.e., have the good and the bad discussed?
Do you really think Apple is so fragile that it can't take criticism or that it is not used to normal human behavior, i.e., always seeking more... wanting perfection?
I thought it was

########
Rank: 24
Score: 24.555435
Retrieved Text: Eye care is so important, and the eyes are so fragile. Indeed, at the same time they are fragile, they need to be properly maintained in order for you to keep seeing into your old age. The following advice is going to educate you concerning eye care so that you’re not left in the dark.
In order to follow the best possible eye care practices, be sure to see only highly qualified professionals for examinations and prescriptions. If you want to find an experienced eye doctor, ask for recommendations from family and friends or search online for reviews. If you do so, you will know that your eye care is in good hands.
Eat your vegetables. Living a healthy life is all about eating the right foods and avoiding the bad ones. Leafy green vegetables are packed full of Vitamin A and Vitamin E, which are very useful vitamins that help the body preform many of its necessary functions, such as repairing and replacing dead skin cells, thus preventing wrinkles and fine lines.
It is very important to protect your eyes from direct sunlight, so make sure to wear sunglasses when you are outdoors or driving. The polarized sunglasses are best since they protect your sight by filtering out the UVA rays of the sun that can cause glaucoma and some other eye diseases.
What is your next move concerning eye care? Surely after reading this advice, you’re about to make an appointment with an eye doctor. Use the tips that have been discussed so that you can avoid any

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.54978
Retrieved Text: You took the time to carefully pack up your fragile items before your move. You might have used bubble wrap, padding, or other such packing materials to cushion your items. You may even have opted to get assistance from your moving and storage company to ensure they were packed correctly.
Now that you have arrived at your new home and everything has been unloaded from the moving truck, you will want to get unpacked and settled as quickly as possible. You should have taken the time to label all of your boxes or used special tape to identify the ones with fragile items.
You should already have had your movers unload boxes and other items into the room where you wanted them. If not, then you will want to do this first before unpacking anything, including your fragile items.
Once you have all the boxes in the right rooms, set any boxes with fragile items off to one side. Quite often, you will need to unpack your other things first and get furniture in its proper place to have somewhere to place these fragile items.
For instance, you might have a collection of Fabergé eggs that are kept in a display case. Your first task would be to put the display case in the location where you want it, then unpack your collection.
Place the Box on a Thick Furniture Pad or Blanket: If you have hardwood or laminate flooring, you want to have some sort of padding around the box in case you accidentally drop something while you are unpacking

########
Rank: 26
Score: 24.5401
Retrieved Text: You’re ready to work. The house is quiet, the coffee is made, and you have a big project to finish. You sit down at your kitchen table and get to work. The problem is there are distractions everywhere. Phones are buzzing, neighbours are loud, and there's a fridge full of snacking opportunities to take you away from your work.
Okay, so maybe that last thing is just why I never work near a refrigerator, but you get the picture. There are some significant benefits to having the freedom to work from home, but there are also some real downsides. As one of my main clients was out of town this week, instead of going into their office, I worked from home a couple of days this week. I also remembered why I am terrible at working from home.
It’s fair to say that I am more distractible than most. So, it shouldn’t come as a surprise to anyone, least of all me, that after working in an office for a few months, I have become used to a cubicle environment that helps keep me on track.
Switching back to working from the couch was disastrous. But it was a good reminder about the importance of the environment I work from. I’m not just talking about home vs. office either. What about working from a coffee shop, or even the different environments in different offices? Your workspace will affect your ability to work. But, do you know where you work best?
Personally, I know that I’m easily distracted. It’s why I

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.488098
Retrieved Text: if you find yourself thinking that the world should treat you better, that is probably a sign that you should treat the world better.
the human psyche is fragile; you should be careful what you say lest you damage someone irreparably.
it's possible that I was once (or twice, or thrice) damaged irreparably.
but I'm trying to learn to live with that.
Plato said, "Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle." I would like to amend this: "Be kind, for every unkindness is a hard battle someone must fight."
I'll try to be kinder from here on out. I'll try to be kind enough to make up for both the people I was unkind to in the past and the people in my past who were unkind to me.
the photos are old. I'm watching a tv show whose main character I deeply relate to, and it got me thinking about some things. actually, I guess it'd be more accurate to say that it got me thinking more about some things that have already been on my mind lately.
it's november now; at some point while I wasn't paying attention, it became fall as well. everyone please take care of yourselves and the people around you as well. soon it will be winter again.
Thank you for writing this. Wise, wise words.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 24.43711
Retrieved Text: If you’re buying breakables or selling a sculpture online, then chances are you might require a fragile goods transport company to provide safe passage for your purchase.
Many items that you might need to transport could be classified as “fragile” and will require special care during delivery, moving musical instruments or artwork for example takes a lot more care than shipping a breeze block.
Fragile items are usually valuable, be it sentimentally or financially, which is why it pays to look for specialist couriers that are well versed in transporting delicate goods; specialists should have a wealth of experience in your item’s category and should have comprehensive insurance cover.
Research: If you’re distance buying/selling antiques then make sure you know their worth; this will help you choose the right level of service when it comes to picking a delivery company. What’s more, it might prompt you to up the level of insurance beyond the standard cover of the courier.
Inspection: Make sure you give your item a thorough check over.If you’re getting an item off eBay listed for collection then ask the seller for an accurate description, this way you’ll be able to see if it suffers any nicks or scrapes during transit.
Get Wrapping: Your glassware isn’t going anywhere without a generous helping of bubble wrap or polystyrene. Make sure that your items are secure in a box where they can’t move about, and if moving stacked items ensure you provide padding between each layer.
Fragile goods come in all shapes and sizes and require different specialised handling, if you need

########
Rank: 29
Score: 24.429104
Retrieved Text: If you have an elderly person in your family, you know that finding good healthcare services can be a little difficult. When a member of your family has reached that age when he or she is not able to take proper care of himself, then you should resort to professional home care services. You do not need to worry anymore that your elderly relative needs you every step of the way, and you cannot attend him or she whenever your help is needed. If you are contemplating on hiring a home care assistant, you should keep in mind a few tips, in order for you to find the right person for the job.
When deciding that your elderly relative needs some home support, or even companionship, you should know that hiring a person that knows how to proper do his job is very important. The option of choosing someone that you have heard of from a friend is not the best one. You should look for a qualified home care assistant, especially if your loved one is in a fragile condition. You need to do a proper research on the person you are hiring, after all he will take care of someone from your family. Resorting to a proper agency will take away the chance of hiring an unprofessional assistant that does not know what to do in certain situations. Reputable healthcare services provide their staff with the right training, this way the quality of the services you will receive will be the highest. So try to

================



======= Instance Index 47 =========
Input Text: A human is hitch hiking near Hoboken, where is he?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- new jersey
- homes
- department store
- near italy
- new orleans

Target Text: new jersey

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 27.963835
Retrieved Text: Home page / Kinds of rest / Hitch-hiking over the country.
When the sun warmly shines, people go into the motorway, which are leaded in various direction of our country. They are hitch-hikers � free travelers. Hitch-hiking (or traveling on passing cars) is still the most interesting and attractive way to see vast expanses of country, if you want to feel new pleasure and excitement, you should try hitch-hiking.
The very fact of Hitch-hiking was spread long ago, since USSR times, they went by passing cars from �snowy Arkhangelsk� in to �warmly Crimea�, it was the the simplest deal between youth.
Such type of travelling prefered hippy and unofficial organizations.
After a time, hitch-hiking underwent a change. On the basis of joined various organizations appeared new unofficial organization such as �The Free Travelers Academy�. It is the association for that, the traveling by passing cars is not the only kind of rest, but especially kind of sport. This association is placed in Moscow and connected with other hitch-hikers from different cities, and offers some significance informations for beginners and interested people in such kind of sport and rest.
Why does hitch-hiking attract us?
First of all, it allows the tourists not to depend on schedules and tickets. You can go out the motorway in anytime, and will drive so long as you want.
But you can't oder the passing cars, and it is the disadvantages for that people, who constantly hurries up. Well, you should choose, what is the main for you - unhurried travelling over the trace, pleasure of nature and communication

########
Rank: 1
Score: 25.352413
Retrieved Text: A few years ago a friend of mine was hitch-hiking near Stellenbosch and got a lift with Heinz “Idol” Winckler. She said that he was listening to his own album in the car. Someone actually bought the album then, in other words. I ran into a copy the other day at a second-hand record shop….
Derek Daly is a freelance journalist, semi-retired DJ, former cinema owner and part-time double-glazed window-seller. In 1990 he won the Cape Argus Award for Best Writer in a School Newspaper. He was invited to do record reviews, but his articles all were banned, possibly due to the supplement's close proximity to the Jellybean Journal. He has the dubious honour of accidentally deleting a semi-completed travel novel.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 25.067911
Retrieved Text: Thru-hikers need to resupply. That means hitching to town, or to a camp that has a store and other services. Sometimes, it can take a while to get a hitch. You can improve your chances by doing a few simple things.
Be as neat as possible. Tuck your clothes in, wash your face, cover wild hair with a cap. Make the effort.
Don’t bunch with other hikers. More than two hikers holding out thumbs at one spot is not wise–drivers will be reluctant to squeeze everyone in.
Pare off with a female, if possible. Your odds improve—I’ve seen it happen, and I’ll leave it at that.
Don’t look depressed or forlorn, especially if it’s a nice day. A driver will want to communicate and, perhaps, learn things. A driver is less likely to stop if he/she senses misery and discomfort.
Shelter Cove Resort, near the Pacific Crest Trail, is a marina and camp on Odell Lake in Crescent, Oregon.
This entry was tagged backpacking, camping, hiking, mountain, Pacific Crest Trail, thru-hiking, walking. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 24.519886
Retrieved Text: Working as a bartender in Hong Kong, Stuart Varney was forced to break up a bar brawl—deciding then and there that he had to move onto better things.
He now hosts Varney & Co (weekdays 9AM-12PM/ET on FOX Business), which has been the number 1 rated market program on television for over a year—covering the market open and breaking news, with an eye on how it impacts viewers financially.
hMAG: What initially made you decide to come to the States?
Stuart Varney: As soon as I arrived in America I liked it. I come from a country where social class was important. In America it is not important and you are free to rise up the food chain as far as your drive, talent, brains, and ability get you. And America is vast and varied. Surely there is somewhere in this gigantic country that feels just right for you.
h: How long have you lived in Hoboken, and what made you choose the Mile Square City as your home?
SV: I have lived in Hoboken for two years. I chose it because of the very easy commute to New York City. I leave Hoboken every weekday morning at 3:45. I arrive in my studio in Manhattan at 4 o’clock. How about that? I always wanted a short commute and Hoboken gives it to me! Also, in Hoboken I am surrounded by young people. I like that. I am a grandfather nine times over and that my age it’s really nice to have youngsters living near me. In fact, Hoboken has the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 24.186947
Retrieved Text: Do you pick up Hitch-Hikers in New Zealand?
> Expert Tips > Do you pick up hitch-hikers?
Hitch-hiking is a common sight around the world, and New Zealand is no exception. The practice is legal in the country (unlike in neighbouring Australia), so you will likely come across hitch-hikers when you pick up a New Zealand car hire and take it around the country. Most likely, you will see one or two people with their thumbs out when leaving major cities.
But is it safe to pick them up, and what are the unspoken rules of hitch-hiking in the country?
Generally, it’s all about using your common sense.
The hitch-hiker is in more danger than the driver, especially if they are trying to catch a ride in low light. If you are in a group in the car, you all agree you want to give someone a lift, and you have adequate space for them and their gear, then you can consider picking them up. It can be a great way to meet new people on your adventure, and they may even be able to give you advice on where to go next.
Drivers in countries like South Africa, Russia and Indonesia expect reimbursement for picking up hitch-hikers, but in New Zealand this is not the case, so remember that if you pick one up, it should be simply for the pleasure of doing someone a favour.
On the other hand, if you are driving alone and don’t feel comfortable offering someone a ride, or you don’t have enough space for an extra

########
Rank: 5
Score: 24.138012
Retrieved Text: Heinrich (Henry) Blanck, shoemaker, born in Lehe, Germany, the son of Heinrich Christopher Blanck and Dorethea Wenzel, immigrated to Hoboken, New Jersey, circa 1870 where he married Melusine Erxmeyer in 1874. They were the parents of six children. For more information on Henry Blanck, click on the picture of the shoemakers.
The word Blank appears in Germanic language (Middle-High-German or Old-High- German) before the 10th century and seems it meant something like: white, pale, bright.
Melusine Erxmeyer immigrated to Hoboken, N, J. in 1872. Melusine's family , including her mother, Dorethe Hogrefe Erxmeyer, two brothers, Fred and Henry Erxmeyer, and three sisters, Julia Erxmeyer Lehman, Berthe Erxmeyer Bremer and Mary Erxmeyer Rosenthal also immigrated to Hoboken. Melusine married Henry Blanck in 1874. For more information on Melusine Erxmeyer click on the flower.
Johann Jurgen Erxmeyer married Anne Marie Ilsabe Berkmeyer of Oberschönhagen in Reelkirken Germany in 1778.
Fritz Kettler, longshoreman, son of Christian and Gertrude Kettler, born in Freisland circa 1862. He immigrated to the United States circa 1883 where he married Johanna Peter. The Kettlers lived both in Brooklyn, New York and Hoboken, New Jersey. For more information on Fritz Kettler and his family, click on the image of the docks.
Hanna/Johanna Peters/Petersen , born circa 1860 in Norway, immigrated to America circa 1885 where she married Fritz Kettler. After the death of Fritz, she married Johannus Jensen. They lived in Hoboken, New Jersey. For more information on Hanna Peters/Petersen, click on the picture of Norway.
Many young men who lived near the major German sea port of Bremen when to

########
Rank: 6
Score: 24.051807
Retrieved Text: Should i hike the AT or PCT??
PCT hiker list for 06?
How late could I start the PCT?
Planning an 07 PCT Thru Hike.
Recomend a GOOD PCT journal??
bear canister: yea or nay?
Thinking About Hiking The P.c.t.
another example of why to always have shelter.
'07 WB PCT Hiker List?
Water on the desert part of the PCT?
the PCT solo.. Good idea, bad idea?
Best 100-mile section on PCT?
When will PCT hikers cross from OR to WA?
How expensive is resupplying along the trail?
Dog friendly hiking on the PCT?
Nimblewill Nomad on the PCT in '08!
How much did your feet expand?
32000 miles and still hiking!
Yosemite in August-What clothing should I bring?
Anybody know the fire situation?
Where are most of the PCT hikers now? Best place for TM?
Using an Alcohol Stove in Yosemite?
Color of blazes on PCT and other trails?
Best books to read about PCT ?
Class of 2008 call for pictures, who may have the email or snail mail address?
What is the 'wingfoot' of the PCT?
May 6th 2009 START. LOOKING FOR THOSE STARTING THEN.
Hitch back to ADZPCTO ?
Weekend hike suggestion near Bellingham?
Recommended section for June hike?
Can a bivy be used for High Sierra?
How to get from Weed, CA to the PCT?
Section in Kings Canyon NP?
Sept & Oct section hike: OR & northern CA?
Has anyone else dealt with this?
PCT hikers needed for survey!
Best date to start hiking the PCT?
Springer Fever Oops I mean Camp Fever!?
Where does the good Trout fishing start on the PCT?
What was your easiest section?
What packs are you using?
Books to enhance the hike.
Creepy crawlies in my sleeping bag?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 23.882648
Retrieved Text: Mr. Gregory is in his 9th year of teaching at the Hoboken Charter Upper School. He received his bachelor’s degree and master’s degree at Drew University in 2008 and 2010 respectfully. He is the head coach of a semi-professional soccer team in New Jersey. Mr. Gregory is also an avid soccer player and a zealous fan of Liverpool FC and the Philadelphia Eagles.
In his spare time, Mr. Gregory enjoys hiking, paying soccer, stand up paddle boarding, and traveling. Mr. Gregory has been playing music, particularly guitar, since the age of twelve. He continues to play with various musical groups in New York and New Jersey. Mr. Gregory lives in Nutley with his wife, Suzanne, and two dogs, Winston and Obi.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 23.745089
Retrieved Text: A New Jersey Transit train crashed into the Hoboken station Thursday morning killing at least three, injuring more than 100 and causing massive damage according to reports.
There is heavy damage inside the terminal, according to WNBC-4.
Photos from the scene show a partial roof collapse and debris scattered about near where the Pascack Valley Line train crashed into the platform.
A spokeswoman for NJ Transit said train No. 1614 crashed into the Hoboken train station around 8:45 a.m. It left Spring Valley, N.Y. at 7:23 a.m..
WNBC said preliminary indications are that operator error is to blame.
Ten patients have been taken to Hoboken University Medical Center and more patients are expected at Carepoint Hospital Bayonne and Christ Hospital, according to spokesman for the hospitals.
A Hoboken police officer said the “general immediate area of the Lackawanna terminal is closed at this time,” but no local roads or highways have been shut down.
All PATH service and all NJ Transit rail service is suspended into and out of Hoboken. Passengers are advised to use light rail.
State Police assigned to an emergency response team for the New Jersey Office of Emergency Management were called to Hoboken to assist local authorities, according to an OEM spokeswoman.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 23.68207
Retrieved Text: Joseph Deluca is a graduate of Rutgers University, first graduating class at Cook College, degree in Environmental Science. He has also worked as a Title Searcher for over 30 years, through quality work and service has achieved excellent client retention. In addition he has been licensed title producer for 10 years.
Joseph has an expertise in Hudson County title, especially in the developing areas near on the Hudson River in Hoboken, Jersey City and North Bergen.
Expert in title where riparian claims are in question.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 23.625702
Retrieved Text: There are only 3 Martial Arts Schools listed in Hoboken, New Jersey. This page is showing 361 Martial Arts Schools, Studios, Dojos & Clubs found within 10 Miles of Hoboken. Most of these schools offer self defense classes for children, men and women. Some may also offer After School Karate for kids. Tae Kwon Do, Karate, Kick Boxing, Jiu-Jitsu (Jujutsu/Jujitsu) & Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) are the top Martial Arts offered in Hoboken area.
Chart based on style information available from 348 Martial Arts Schools in Hoboken area.
William C. C. Chen Tai Chi Chuan, Inc.
Manhattan Shaolin Kungfu & Qigong, Inc.
Distance is showed approximately from the downtown area of Hoboken, NJ. Click on 'Map' next to a Dojo to see it on the Map. To see a list of Martial Arts and Self Defense classes near you, Search with your address.
Most of these Martial Arts Studios, clubs and gyms offer Karate classes for kids or Self Defense classes for children, men and women in Hoboken area. If you are looking for classes or lessons near your address in Hoboken, please use the following search box and see a list of Martial Arts Schools, clubs and organizations near you.
See Martial Arts Schools and classes in places around Hoboken, New Jersey: Weehawken, Chelsea, Waldo, Union City, Canal Street, Hell's Kitchen, Manhattan.
If you are associated with a Martial Arts School, Club or Dojo in Hoboken, please make sure it is listed with dojos.info.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 23.477154
Retrieved Text: MSV: Union City Whistleblower: What did Brian Stack ever do for Hoboken?
Union City Whistleblower: What did Brian Stack ever do for Hoboken?
Former Union City Deputy Police Chief & whistleblower Joseph Blaettler wrote a letter to the editor for Hoboken people to consider what has State Senator Brian State ever done for Hoboken?
Yes, if you like a card for your Birthday, a free Turkey, hot dog or handout then yes, Brian is your guy. If you are looking for fair representation in Trenton, I suggest you look elsewhere.
While Stack is successful in securing hundreds of millions of dollars for Union City, what does he secure for Hoboken? When you go to Union City you will see new schools, swimming pools, parks and roads all paid for with state dollars.
Can anyone tell me the last time Brian Stack secured money for a new school in Hoboken? How about a swimming pool or new police station? Recently, I drove down Washington Street in Hoboken and I thought I was in Bagdad, Iraq.
If Stack cares so much about Hoboken why is he not getting funds to redo Washington Street? Three years ago, Stack got Christie to give him a five-million-dollar loan to balance the Union City budget, how much of the loan did Hoboken get? Zero.
Last week, the new school aid figures were released. Union City was awarded a 9 million dollar increase, increasing their overall funding to $190 million a year from state taxpayers. The levy to Union City taxpayers is 5%.
What did Hoboken get? Zero percent increase with

########
Rank: 12
Score: 23.360546
Retrieved Text: “Wo men da che hao bu hao?” asked Ya Ting, my new travel buddy in Yunnan province, China.
What she meant was she wanted to hitch hike from LiJiang to Tiger Leaping Gorge – our destination and the sole reason I had made the trip up from Dali, my favorite Chinese hippie town.
As we walked to the highway that morning she explained that she’s from ShenZhen, so she likes to do things quickly. It was clear by the way she walked quickly, talked excitedly, and had an energy about her that was infectious to everyone around her. She was scrappy. She would even haggle the printed prices on a menu, always succeeding in getting us a discount. In short, I liked her a lot.
I had met Ya Ting in my hostel in Lijiang. I was a little worried arriving as the only foreigner, fearing I might be solo for a while. Ya Ting immediately took a liking to me and asked if we could travel together. I was glad to have a new friend who I would travel with, speaking Mandarin and hitch hiking together, for the foreseeable future.
We stuck out our thumbs and walked along the street for about 15 minutes before we found a car headed in our direction. He was able to take us most of the way, at least to a major highway near the gorge. Once there, we’d need to hitch another ride. We hopped in and Ya Ting rapidly asked directions for the leg of the trip we’d take two days

########
Rank: 13
Score: 23.252544
Retrieved Text: I met so many amazing South Korea people during my visit to the country. Hence, I really wanted to share with you about them, their story, and what I have learn from them.
I think the first person who really made me stop and think is the North Korean defector who I met whilst undertaking the DMZ tour. She lived in North Korea near the Chinese border with her husband. As she was able to receive a Chinese TV signal, she learned what life outside North Korea was like. People within her village were starving, freezing to death in winter and living in poverty. She spoke about only those in the Army having a good quality of life. Electricity was rationed and there were public executions and concentration camps. Travel within the country was strictly supervised and permission was often not granted to move around.
As her husband was loyal to the regime, she left in secret with some other female members of her family to go to China. This was extremely risky as she would face imprisonment and certain death if she was caught. Many North Koreans were handed back by China to North Korea. Eventually she made her way to South Korea where she was allowed to stay.
I asked her what motivated her to leave North Korea the most. She spoke of public executions where whole communities are forced to watch. Sometimes for something as little as stealing food to feed your family. She hated the lies the regime told and the brainwashing which started from

########
Rank: 14
Score: 23.13458
Retrieved Text: Paul D'Amato (American, 1956- ) was born in Boston where he attended Boston Latin School at the height of racial unrest, civil rights, and bussing. He moved to Oregon to attend Reed College and claims to have learned as much from traveling cross-country four times a year -often by hitch-hiking and hopping freight trains - as he did in class. After receiving an MFA from Yale he moved to Chicago where he discovered the communities of Pilsen and Little Village. The pictures and writing D'Amato produced there over the next fourteen years were made into the book, “Barrio". Paul teaches at Columbia College and is currently photographing in the African-American community on the west side for a project called "HereStillNow" which was made into a book the fall of 2017. He has been awarded numerous grants and fellowships including a Guggenheim Fellowship, a Pollock-Krasner Grant, and a Rockefeller Foundation Grant to Bellagio, Italy and his work is in the collections of the Museum of Modern Art, The Metropolitan Museum of Art, and The Art Institute of Chicago.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 23.010857
Retrieved Text: David Liebler, a long time Hoboken politico and anti-Zimmer stalwart made good on a public threat his ejection from a City Council meeting last month would "not stand' filing a lawsuit in federal court.
Citing political speech and civil rights, the undated lawsuit targets Mayor Zimmer in her official and individual capacity naming in addition, the City Council, City of Hoboken and its Corporation Counsel as defendants seeking unspecified compensatory damages.
remarks in public portion were ruled out of order last month.
He's filed a lawsuit against Hoboken and the mayor in federal court.
Last month at the final council meeting before the critical November ward elections, Liebler nearly completed his five minutes in public portion before attempting to launch allegations against the mayor's husband, Stan Grossbard and butting heads with the City Council President Ravi Bhalla.
The dispute erupted when Liebler declared the mayor's husband was "the unofficial mayor of Hoboken." He pointed to emails recently leaked in yet another litigation against the City to several medial outlets thought released by failed City Council candidate and former Hoboken Housing Authority Executive Director Carmelo Garcia. Those emails showed opinions offered by the mayor's husband to several HHA commissioners who did not act on his public policy suggestions back in March of 2013.
A statement issued by Liebler's attorney, Charles Gormally of law firm Brach Eichler says Hoboken's Mayor Dawn Zimmer and City Council have been sued for "depriving (Liebler) of his First Amendment rights to express himself and having him physically removed" from the October 21st City Council meeting.
Mayor Zimmer was not

########
Rank: 16
Score: 22.835072
Retrieved Text: David Bristow, born in South Africa, was a travel writer for TripSavvy covering South Africa. He has covered Africa, mostly south of the equator, as a travel, nature writer and photographer.
He's been exploring South Africa since his early teens by hitch-hiking, hiking, flying and biking. For over 20 years he was editor of Africa's top-selling travel magazine Getaway. His main interest, besides environmental issues, is seeking out new and exciting places for adventures.
Bristow has a Bachelors in Journalism (with honors) from Rhodes University in Grahamstown, SA, and an MA in environmental sciences from Cape Town University, SA.
David Bristow has written over 20 books, mostly fiction and non-fiction taking place in Africa.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 22.78384
Retrieved Text: – The Great Smoky Mountains is abundant when it comes to waterfalls. Explore waterfalls from 120 feet tall to smaller cascases throughout the National Park.
Be sure to practice Hiking & Camping Safety Precautions. We want you to enjoy your experience in the Smoky Mountains.
The National Park offers several types of campsites if you want to camp in the National Park.
Backcountry – for backpackers. Requires hiking several miles to a campsite located in the National Park’s back country.
Frontcountry – Camping near your car in a developed campground that has restrooms with cold running water and flush toilets. Each individual campsite has a fire grate and pcinic table.
Group Campgrounds – large campsites suitable for groups of 8 people or more. Located in frontcountry campgrounds.
Horse Camps – Small campgrounds, accessible by vehicle, that offer hitch racks for horses and primitive camping facilities.
Quarantine Notice: The possession of firewood originating from a location for which a federal or state firewood quarantine is in effect is prohibited in Great Smoky Mountains National Park.
Click for additional information about this quarantine, including states affected.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 22.677143
Retrieved Text: Levels of naturally occurring DNA polymorphism correlate with recombination rates in D. melanogaster.
Section of Genetics and Development, Cornell University, Ithaca, New York 14853-2703.
Two genomic regions with unusually low recombination rates in Drosophila melanogaster have normal levels of divergence but greatly reduced nucleotide diversity, apparently resulting from the fixation of advantageous mutations and the associated hitch-hiking effect. Here we show that for 20 gene regions from across the genome, the amount of nucleotide diversity in natural populations of D. melanogaster is positively correlated with the regional rate of recombination. This cannot be explained by variation in mutation rates and/or functional constraint, because we observe no correlation between recombination rates and DNA sequence divergence between D. melanogaster and its sibling species, D. simulans. We suggest that the correlation may result from genetic hitch-hiking associated with the fixation of advantageous mutants. Hitch-hiking thus seems to occur over a large fraction of the Drosophila genome and may constitute a major constraint on levels of genetic variation in nature.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 22.341064
Retrieved Text: Thomas Vezzetti was the 33rd mayor of Hoboken, New Jersey, and served as mayor from 1985 to 1988.
In the 1985 Hoboken mayoral election, Thomas Vezzetti narrowly defeated Steve Cappiello, who had been the mayor of Hoboken since 1973. Vezzetti got 6,990 votes and Cappiello got 6,647 votes in the 1985 election, which put Vezzetti in the mayor's office. Vezzetti's slim 353 vote margin was enough to put him in the Mayor"s office.
The New York Daily News called Vezzetti "The Wackiest Mayor in America" because of the odd things he did, like reporting a car stolen that ended up exactly where he had last parked it two months earlier.
Vezetti was known for eccentric behavior such as wearing mismatched shoes, and carrying all his belongings in two paper bags.
On March 2, 1988, Vezzetti suffered from a heart attack and died. Patrick Pasculli succeeded him as the Mayor of Hoboken. A street is named after Vezzetti, which runs parallel to Observer Highway.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 22.263296
Retrieved Text: Here are six answers for Christians who engage atheists from Dr. Frank Turek. These answers were shared recently at an event in Columbus, Ohio: “How Atheists Steal from God.” The event was hosted by Eric Chabot and the Ratio Christi student team.
The atheist may attempt to provide examples of evil. But an atheist’s attempt to provide a definition of evil requires an objective standard of good. Objective standards of good or evil that are independent of human minds can only come from a source outside of man: God.
If the compass always points to you, you will get lost. Again, you need an authority outside of human minds in order to ground objective morality.
4. Atheists claim, “I know …”. Atheists claim knowledge within a materialistic and deterministic worldview but they can not ground it. Ask them, “Do you realize that if atheism is true, there is no knowledge?” In a deterministic worldview, you believe things because of your machine nature. Machines just respond. You can not reason as a meat machine. Reasoning would require the use of logic which is independent of our minds. You don’t choose or learn if you are a meat machine. You just respond in a deterministic fashion to chemicals in your brain.
6. Atheists ask, “Where is God in evil?” Frank Turek responds, “Hanging on a cross to get to us.” This opens the door to share the Savior.
Frank Turek’s Book is available on Amazon.
If You’re an Atheist, Are You as Open-Minded as Christopher Hitchens?
Hitch and Larry took two lengthy road trips together.
They

########
Rank: 21
Score: 22.257433
Retrieved Text: In Christian’s own words, and via his thoughts, reflections, and dreams, E L James provides a fresh perspective on the like story that has enthralled millions of readers about the globe. Enter your cell telephone quantity and we will text you $Name address and telephone quantity. Hoboken represents the 30th ENTA clinical office place in communities throughout New York and New Jersey. ENTA has a clinical alliance with The Mount Sinai Hospital for the treatment of illnesses of the head and neck and esophageal cancer and a partnership with the American Cancer Society to educate and treat sufferers with smoking disorders and cancer.
As normally, ENTA will provide each and every and just about every a single of its Hoboken patients the major edge resources and technology that have established the Practice – in each and every of its 40+ offices all through New York and New Jersey – as the superior selection for the therapy of circumstances affecting the ear, nose and throat. The Hoboken office is positioned near the entrance to the Holland tunnel and also has a PATH train station around the corner.
This 3000 square foot suite will be located at 79 Hudson Street the newly renovated workplace will function 4 complete service ENT exam rooms, three allergy exam rooms and two rooms for diagnostic Audiology. We are disappointed that Dr Tahzib will not be in a position to continue to practice in Hoboken, but we are strongly committed to offer you the highest level of care to both Allergy and ENT sufferers. Dr.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 22.198208
Retrieved Text: In the summer of 2017, I hitch hiked to Barcelona with my friend Charlotte. It took us a total of 6 days to reach Barcelona, departing from Amsterdam. Hitch hiking to Barcelona has been one of our biggest adventures. In our blog you can read all about our adventures during these 6 days. Did we reach Barcelona hitch hiking? Only one way to find out….!
Right now I’m sitting in the airplane, waiting for it to take off. I’m exhausted and happy. We managed to hitchhike to Barcelona in 6 days. A total of 1700 kilometers. That without stopping, direct from door to door, alone is 18 hours. We did it in 28 hours spread over 6 days, including ride swaps and catching rides. An impressive result that I am proud of. The last week has been a great adventure. The amount of amazing people we’ve met and also the experience of hitchhiking through Europe….

########
Rank: 23
Score: 22.145683
Retrieved Text: Attorney Frank Marciano traces his Hoboken roots back to the early 1900's when his grandparents migrated from Naples, Italy and Marseilles, France to set up a fruit and vegetable stand on Fifth Street, between Madison and Jefferson. His father Samuel L. Marciano fought during World War II as a member of the US air force. After coming back from the war, he participated in the GI bill and became an attorney in 1953. He married E. Gioia Cipriano, the only woman in his law school class and they both moved to West Orange, NJ where Frank and his two sisters Gioia and Lucie grew up. Frank and his sisters all became lawyers. Gioia went on to marry Attorney Andrew Topazio and the two of them own a law practice in Elizabeth, New Jersey.
Frank attended Franklin Marshall College and went on to study law at Seton Hall University Law School. After law school, Frank returned to his roots in Hoboken. Frank has an extensive range of experience and expertise handling the many different legal matters affecting the people and businesses in Hoboken and its vicinity.
Frank is well-known in the Hoboken community. He joined his father's law firm, Florio, Dunn and Marciano in 1983 after graduating law school. Frank then started his own law practice at 54 Newark Street, where he first came up with the idea of presenting art in his store front window - calling the art space Oculus. During this time, he commissioned a full scale mural of a brownstone on the wall at the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 22.12785
Retrieved Text: Joshua Willey was born in Oakland, California and lives in Bend, Oregon. Some of his work can be found in Adbusters, Opium, Stumble, and Birkensnake. He's currently translating Liang Shiqu and preparing a novel about hitch hiking. When not reading and writing he works on a farm.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 22.124805
Retrieved Text: In this photo c. 1965 Bob Dylan looks very comfortable sitting on a park bench. I am also very comfortable sitting down at his concerts. It is unusual for Dylan to be playing at two venues in the NYC area during a segment of the Never Ending Tour. On Friday July 26 he will appear at Pier A in Hoboken, while the next next he is playing at Jones Beach where I have seen him several times. I picked the Jones Beach venue where I can sit since there is general admission tickets at Hoboken which means concert viewers must stand.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 22.110163
Retrieved Text: Sailing is a man’s game. But don’t tell that to Hoboken resident Donna Antonucci, the founder of America Blu, a non-profit organization that promotes women in sailing.
In a city that harbors the Hudson River waterfront, water activities are becoming increasingly popular, and it’s become evident as the topic has immersed itself in the city’s new development projects.
The city’s planning of an uptown park north of the Tea Building in an area known as Weehawken Cove received significant input from the Hoboken Cove Boathouse organization at a meeting in December. Kayaking has also increased in popularity, and is available near Maxwell Place. The new opening of Pier C Park featured a designated fishing area.
As development continues (and as summer approaches) it appears that more residents are taking advantage of Hoboken’s waterfront.
America Blu first formed in 2000, when Antonucci decided among friends to jump right into the men’s world of sailing and racing.
The group depends on sponsors, and this year, Prudential Insurance Company’s logo will fly on the boat’s spinnaker. Don’t know what a spinnaker is? It’s a large sail that helps the boat run along with the wind. If sailing vocabulary is foreign, it might help to take a class.
In addition to races, Antonucci also teaches an eight-week free training course.
The classes are taught in parts of Hoboken and New York City, depending on where space is available. Although all are welcome, Antonucci said the classes are particularly for those with some sailing experience.
Her team, which races in the Hudson River, is primarily made up of women.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 22.076864
Retrieved Text: Outdoor enthusiasts rejoice. Fairmount Park is one of the biggest urban park systems in the world, and Forbidden Drive runs through its heart. This wide gravel roadway gracefully accommodates runners, cyclists, hikers and horseback riders. Vehicular traffic was banned from this park road in the 1920s, and so it took its name.
The trail runs about 10 miles, following the curves of the Wissahickon Creek from its southern end in Manayunk (via a paved bike path that starts on Ridge Avenue, near the end of Kelly Drive) to its northern end in Chestnut Hill.
The path passes a covered bridge and rolls past Valley Green Inn, a historic restaurant dating back to the mid 1800s. It is still in operation and offers a place to hitch your horse. (There is also car access, with a couple of paved lots.) It is a cozy refuge on a chilly day.
Rugged trails crisscross Forbidden Drive, so you can take a rocky detour through the woods. Just beware. The park system is vast! I am always sure to retrace my steps or hike with a map to avoid getting lost. There are over 50 miles of hiking trails twisting through this woodland.
Continue on to the northernmost end of the trail, where you will find the Cedars House, a welcoming coffee shop that offers smoothies for the athletic types and good cookies for those who amble. There is ample parking nearby, and you will find lots near the intersection of Bells Mill Road as well.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 22.050407
Retrieved Text: Growing up in a family of dancers, one of Derek Ho’s earliest childhood memories is watching his parents train in ballroom at their local studio in East Brunswick, New Jersey. Despite the early exposure, Derek did not discover his passion in dance until his freshman year at Rutgers University, where he was inspired by the amount of talent in the east coast dance community. With no prior training, he joined his first team, Verse|One, which is the campus’ only non-auditioning dance team. Through that experience, he was able to gain the foundation and confidence to later join the competition scene, competing with teams such as RDT and The Society.
After moving near the city in Hoboken, Derek joined Season 8 of EPIC Motion. He looks forward to expanding his dance vocabulary and performance quality with his New York dance family. Outside of the studio, Derek works in fashion merchandising as a Menswear Buyer and enjoys eating soup dumplings & traveling.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 22.041023
Retrieved Text: Can't Wait for the Halloween Spooky Themed Strictly!
After the ghastly exit of Lesley Joseph and Anton du Beke last week, Halloween Strictly should brighten up this coming weekend.
All the four judges unanimously voted against Lesley and Anton even though they danced extremely well. All week the Strictly twitter account was bombarded with unhappy comments many pointing to Ed Balls and that he should have exited the show but wasn't even in the dance off even though he has been constantly at the bottom of the leaderboard each week with this week being no exception with a low 16 score from the strictly judges.
This has calls that the show is a farce with the BBC only interested in the entertainment value and not on the actual talent. But that's not new is it?
Back to Ed Balls and his gallant attempt at the American Smooth. Bruno commented that Ed always takes you places you weren't excepting and this was not exception but he saw him "trying so very hard". Len ended with "Trouble with hitch-hiking is that you always get a doggy lift" referring to a lift where he almost dropped Katya Jones in their route.

================



======= Instance Index 48 =========
Input Text: A human seeks clothing and electronics in the same place, where does he go?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- department store
- space shuttle
- new jersey
- office
- new orleans

Target Text: department store

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 25.610159
Retrieved Text: We dwell in the Lord when we are his body and he dwells in us when we are his temple.
Whoever seeks joy in himself will be sad, but whoever seeks joy in God will always be joyful because God is forever.
Love overwhelms us as we look for the truth.
Saint Augustine hands over the Rule to his brothers and sisters. Part of the Altar-tables of St. Rita's Friary in Kinshasa (Vicariate of the Congo).
1. Keep your clothing in one place in charge of one or two, or of as many as are needed to care for them and to prevent damage from moths. And just as you have your food from the one pantry, so, too, you are to receive your clothing from a single wardrobe. If possible, do not be concerned about what you are given to wear at the change of seasons, whether each of you gets back what he had put away or something different, providing no one is denied what he needs. If, however, disputes and murmuring arise on this account because someone complains that he received poorer clothing than he had before, and thinks it is beneath him to wear the kind of clothing worn by another, you may judge from this how lacking you are in that holy and inner garment of the heart when you quarrel over garments for the body. But if allowance is made for your weakness and you do receive the same clothing you had put away, you must still keep it in one place under the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 25.390491
Retrieved Text: Benjamin Kolaitis is a Melbourne based contemporary instrument builder, sound artist and sculptural artist. He works with sculpture, sound, electronics and programming to develop kinetic interactive sound sculptures, invented instruments and improvised performances.
Dedicated to promoting new insights in contemporary instrument building and technology within the Arts, Benjamin was also a former co-director of Media Lab Melbourne, an artist run community that promotes and educates artists and creative thinkers about the role of technology in creative practice.
A key feature of his work is play, engagement and community. Through his exploration of contemporary musical instrument building techniques, such as engagement with materials, sonic potential, participatory engagement and performance, Ben seeks to expand the role of the musical instrument. It is here that Benjamin seeks to highlight our symbiotic ontological relationship with sonic apparatus as a site where the human and the non-human meet.
Benjamin has presented installations, unique handmade electronic instruments and workshops for Next Wave Festival 2012, International Symposium of Electronic Art 2013, Experimenta 2011 Biennial Festival, What is Music? Festival 2010, Bendigo Art Gallery, Bendigo International Festival of Exploratory Music (BIFEM) 2013 and Liquid Architecture 2009. He also co-curated and co-directed the Handmade Music Festival in 2011.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 24.968384
Retrieved Text: Normally fragile and brittle silicon chips have been made to bend and fold, paving the way for a new generation of flexible electronic devices.
The stretchy circuits could be used to build advanced brain implants, health monitors or smart clothing.
The complex devices consist of concertina-like folds of ultra-thin silicon bonded to sheets of rubber.
Writing in the journal Science, the US researchers say the chip's performance is similar to conventional electronics.
"Silicon microelectronics has been a spectacularly successful technology that has touched virtually every part of our lives," said Professor John Rogers of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, one of the authors of the paper.
But, he said, the rigid and fragile nature of silicon made it very unattractive for many applications, such as biomedical implants.
"In many cases you'd like to integrate electronics conformably in a variety of ways in the human body - but the human body does not have the shape of a silicon wafer."
Professor Zhenqiang Ma of the University of Wisconsin-Madison, who also works on flexible silicon circuitry, said the new research was an "important step".
"Completely integrated, extremely bendable circuits have been talked about for many years but have not been demonstrated before," he told BBC News. "This is the first one."
The chips build on previous work by Professor's Roger's lab.
In 2005, the team demonstrated a stretchable form of single-crystal silicon.
"That demonstration involved very thin narrow strips of silicon bonded to rubber," explained Professor Rogers.
At a microscopic level these strips had a wavy structure that behaved like "accordion bellows", allowing stretching in one direction.
"The silicon is

########
Rank: 3
Score: 24.24564
Retrieved Text: I am in the (very) remote stages of planning a book on the virtue of faith… The Biblical, scholastic, and contemporary definitions of faith, faith and the moral life, faith and the contemporary West, faith and psychology, and so on. It seems to me that such a book, specifically with a presentation of a solid pastoral praxis aimed at healing the anxious minds of millennials which is directly grounded in Biblical and Thomistic thought, is sorely needed. One chapter will be dedicated entirely to Peter as an example of the whole life of faith… its beginning, growth, crisis, rebirth, overflow, and finally its consummation in martyrdom. Allow me to present the rough draft of the very beginning of the chapter, in which I am showcasing the kind of Biblical theology which I think is sorely needed in our age – both in the academy, and in the real world of ministry.
Jesus shows Peter that acquired skill and natural talent are no match for His word… The same voice that moved over those chaotic primordial waters in the beginning of time now brings order to the Sea of Galilee. The fish hide in the cool of the darkness, and only by being brought up into the light will they be able to be caught and sustain life; and thus it was in the beginning as well, as all the life which God brought forth came from the darkness and was made helpless before Adam.
While the amount of fish caught doesn’t quite tear the nets, it does tear

########
Rank: 4
Score: 23.989044
Retrieved Text: 56 stores Danish electronics chain Fona, founded in 1926, seeks reconstruction.
”The background is the recent years’ extremely intense competition where we unfortunately have been squeezed on our earnings to such an extent that we need a time-out,” says Fona in a letter to its customers.
Now, the chain states it seeks a new partner or owner.
Elkjøp Group already owns 40 percent of the chain and is the major supplier, which opens for speculations whether they will overtake the company completely and go for a city center chain in the same way as in Norway and Sweden.
Fona, since the merger with Fredgaard Radio in 2001 is a chain in the company F Group A / S.
Fona has lost about 30 million DKK per year in 2013 and 2014 – and the loss is most likely not smaller in the financial statements for 2015 as the price war in Denmark has escalated after Expert’s new chain Power was launched and Elgiganten and also other competitors has scaled up.
“I am very sorry that reality for Fona looks as it does, because the employees are not to blame for the situation we have landed in. But we are all fully committed to find the best solution for the company, as Fona is a great company, ” said Michael Kjaer, CEO and Director of F Group, in a press release.
Fona turnover of just under 2 billion. kr. and has 750 employees and 56 stores. In 2006, the owner of Nordic electronics giant Elkjøp (owner of Elgiganten in Denmark) entered as major shareholder

########
Rank: 5
Score: 23.63613
Retrieved Text: Does having your own children’s clothing company sound appealing? Would you like to have a way to make profits from your home? If yes, you might want to consider starting your own children’s clothing boutique online where you will sell kid’s clothes bought at wholesale prices.
There are several keys to starting your own children’s clothing store. These include: 1) finding unique products, 2) search for suppliers of baby clothes with good quality and prices, 3) sourcing wholesalers efficiently, and 4) marketing your collections.
Fortunately, starting your own small-scale children’s clothing store is something that is ideally suited to stay at home moms and those who do not want to quit their day job.
Finding a reliable supplier of baby clothes who can deliver high-quality products at affordable prices can be a challenge. It is always a good idea to order a sample pack to make sure the quality and service meet your expectations. while it is unlikely that you will be ready to order tens of thousands of pieces from China or India, there are many baby clothes wholesalers in the United States who sell online.
There are numerous places you can marketing your unique baby or toddler clothes. An often overlooked place is local children’s clothing boutiques. Other local retailers might include tourist shops or variety stores. Mothers’ groups, day care centers, preschools or other child care facilities often have a need for childrens’ uniforms.
The other big marketing opportunity is, of course, online. While the competition is fierce, the market is huge. At no time in human history

########
Rank: 6
Score: 23.311464
Retrieved Text: 24 No one can serve two masters; for either he will hate the one and love the other, or he will be devoted to one and despise the other You cannot serve God and wealth. The Cure for Anxiety 25 "For this reason I say to you, do not be worried about your life, as to what you will eat or what you will drink; nor for your body, as to what you will put on. Is not life more than food, and the body more than clothing? 26 "Look at the birds of the air, that they do not sow, nor reap nor gather into barns, and yet your heavenly Father feeds them. Are you not worth much more than they? 27 "And who of you by being worried can add a single hour to his life? 28 "And why are you worried about clothing? Observe how the lilies of the field grow; they do not toil nor do they spin, 29 yet I say to you that not even Solomon in all his glory clothed himself like one of these. 30 "But if God so clothes the grass of the field, which is alive today and tomorrow is thrown into the furnace, will He not much more clothe you? You of little faith! 31 "Do not worry then, saying, 'What will we eat?' or 'What will we drink?' or 'What will we wear for clothing?' 32 "For the Gentiles eagerly seek all these things; for your heavenly Father knows that you need all these

########
Rank: 7
Score: 23.159426
Retrieved Text: So remember how we just asked about the safety of wearing nanoparticle-coated cotton fibers in the future as wearable electronics become a reality? Well safety of the wearer is one concern -- but safety of the planet is another. The New York Times Green Blog brings up a great element of the "thinking only about if we can, not if we should" problem when it comes to electronics.
Dylan Walsh writes, "The growing practice of weaving electronics into the fiber of clothing could add to the already monumental challenge of e-waste disposal. Some fifty million tons of electronic waste already accumulate annually in “soaring mountains” of refuse, the United Nations says. As a Science Times article on wired textiles recently noted, electronic or “smart” textiles have electronics in the very weave of their fabric, enabling clothing to respond in various ways to the environment and to function as electronic devices, like mobile phones or heart-rate monitors."
So what is the hidden cost of these embedded electronics in fabrics? It is a question we bring up often as new design concepts surface, from super-thin e-newspapers to digital price tags in supermarkets. It's the "yeahbut" question everyone has to ask when it comes to aligning the planet's needs with our techy wants.
As Walsh points out, e-textiles are promising. We noted earlier that there are a lot of possible uses, including potentially gathering a charge for electronics just as you walk down the street, making your movement the renewable energy source for devices. However, at what environmental cost? This is a

########
Rank: 8
Score: 22.763578
Retrieved Text: First let me start off by saying these are my personal top five tips for thrift shopping. Other people may have different things that work, but these work for me!
1. You need to go often. If you went to a thrift store “that one time” and didn’t see anything you liked, then you might need to go again and then again. Merchandise changes hourly sometimes and all it takes is “right time right place”!
2. Look in unexpected areas. I shop in all areas of the store. Kid’s clothing, Men’s Shoes, Electronics, even if you aren’t looking for anything specific. The employees just have to guess where items go sometimes, so finding great things in the “wrong” place is a bonus!
3. Don’t buy something just because it is too inexpensive to pass up. Ok, I am totally guilty of this one, but if you don’t know how to alter clothing or you don’t or can’t fix something don’t buy it. Just Love it and Leave it! Give yourself a budget, and stick to it!!
5. Go with a plan. Or don’t. (This is why it is number 5) Some go thrifting looking for something specific. That doesn’t work for me because the odds of finding the perfect whatever on the day you are looking are pretty slim. If you go with an open mind and a Strict Budget then picking up things as you go is a better plan for me.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 22.702621
Retrieved Text: Donate to Sanctum House to support our efforts to fight Human Trafficking.
Donations made to Sanctum House go towards many costs, including counseling and therapy (both trauma and addiction), medical and dental evaluations and services, education, job training, and opportunities for spiritual growth.
In addition, contributions help with immediate needs found in many homes: food, clothing, furniture, toiletries, electronics, transportation, medicine and much more. Many of these items are needed on an ongoing basis.
I donated because human trafficking needs to be stopped.
In lieu of Christmas gifts, Shannon and I wish to donate to Sanctum House, on behalf of Chris and Robin.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 22.661293
Retrieved Text: In our effort to reach higher, spirituality is a major interest in the books we read, the classes we take, and the inner peace we want to find. Accordingly, there is growing dialog concerning differences between traditional religious teaching and a form of spiritual practice termed: everyday spirituality or spirituality of the market place. Interestingly enough, the usefulness of spiritual practice in everyday life is an ancient teaching, and lies at the heart of human development systems like Sufism; where travelers are taught, through ordinary daily activity, to align with the Higher and make life a prayer.
To help travelers add this practical approach, we will examine the basic difference between traditional religious form and spirituality; offering various ‘things to know, and things to do’ while following a personal spiritual path.
And smaller tributaries are formed to serve the distant regions.
Internal Form. The internal or spiritual essence which gives life to the external religious form is a living, vibrant element. This part, termed the Light in some presentations, is the inner core or life current to the external form. This is the part which fuels the updating of the Teaching into a newer presentation, and the grace which enables the living teacher or exemplar to function. This is the spiritual essence, the new age traveler seeks to embrace, and become one with.
Religion is like a beautiful maiden, who to fit the changing weather, wears an assortment of clothing. Some days, because the weather is cold or sunny, her outer garments are different. If you were to describe her

########
Rank: 11
Score: 22.632952
Retrieved Text: PhD candidate at the Haifa Technion, Israel.
http://swarmcontrol.net, http://www.youtube.com/aabecker5, https://sites.google.com/site/aabecker/ Aaron Becker's passion is robotics and control. Currently as an Assistant Professor in Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Houston, he is building a robotics lab. Previously as a Research Fellow with Boston Children's Hospital and Harvard Medical School, he implemented robotics powered & controlled by the magnetic field of an MRI, in the Pediatric Cardiac Bioengineering Lab with Pierre Dupont. As a Postdoc at Rice University in the Multi-Robot Systems Lab with James McLurkin, Aaron investigated control of distributed systems and nanorobotics with experts in the fields. His online game swarmcontrol.net seeks to understand the best ways to control a swarm of robots by a human--through a community of game-developed experts. Aaron earned his PhD in Electrical & Computer Engineering at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, advised by Tim Bretl.
We're 3 Students, on a pleasant project, precisely about the Modelisation and Programming of a Thymio Robot place in the situation of getting out from a Maze.
Abdelader Merah was born in Saida, Algeria, in 1983. He received his B.S. degree in Automatic Engineering from the University of Sciences and Technology of Oran (USTO), Oran, Algeria, in 2007, and his M.S. degree from the University of Saida, Saida, Algeria, in 2012, He also received his Ph.D. degree in Electro-energy systems from the University University of Saida, Saida, Algeria, in 2016 where he is presently working as an university teacher at the University of Saida, Saida, Algeria. His current research interests include the analysis and intelligent

########
Rank: 12
Score: 22.530102
Retrieved Text: A sensor is a unit used to identify proceedings or variations at whatever place it is placed after which it directs the data back to other electronics, which could be a computer, a mobile phone, etc. At all times it works in conjunction with other computer electronics, which could be as humble as light or as complicated as a computer. So we can define sensors as smart watchdogs. Labeling and advertising specialists are convinced that people have not fully accepted the use of sensors. This may sound ambiguous, but many people may not be in the know how that sensors are now being manufactured in different forms like the so-called smartwatches which can be worn on the hand just like any other watch, smartphones are also here with us but they are also connected to sensors and can convey information to the interested party on all the happenings taking place wherever they are installed. For vendors, the best part about sensors is that all of these different versions can record and get as many details as possible. They have therefore organized to exhibit all this during the Consumer Electronics Show to be held in Las Vegas. According to a well-known advertising expertise director, advertising has constantly tried to change or come up with the expressive reaction of human beings to a product. Considering the development taking place in the world of technology, this may soon be possible. With the information that sensors can harvest, it may soon become a reality for them to give concrete answers

########
Rank: 13
Score: 22.443815
Retrieved Text: Online shopping is for a large part experience. Just like in a normal store, a visitor looks at whether your web store suits him or her. Design plays an essential role in this. Even when you see the homepage, the visitor must already feel he or she is at the right place. Through the correct use of colors, images, layout and small details, we create an atmosphere that conveys your brand. That design is consistently applied to all other parts of the website.
Convinced by the design, the atmosphere and the general brand, a visitor begins to explore your webshop. Then the way in which design and functionality work together will play a major role. Does everything work intuitively? Does the way of shopping suit your brand? Is it fast enough and does it work on mobile? These questions we ask ourselfs when setting up the webshop.
Not all design choises are immediat noticeable to a visitor. They like a webshop or they don't. That opinion is formed based on all those design details. Details that we pay attention to so that visitors become customers.
The place where atmosphere, design and functionality come together are the product pages. Your webshop can distinguish itself here. Is the focus on appearance, such as clothing or cosmetics? Then we design a page with lots of space for photos. Do (technical) details play a major role, such as with electronics? Then we look at how we put all that information clearly on one page. Stunts with the prices? Then we set the prices

########
Rank: 14
Score: 22.412573
Retrieved Text: Nicholas Russo demonstrates one of the origami antennas to FIU President Mark B. Rosenberg.
As a child, Nicholas Russo always loved science. In elementary school, his show-and-tell projects consisted of demonstrating electronics kits. It wasn’t until high school, when he made it to a state science fair, that he realized he could actually make a living in science.
Thanks to an FIU Presidential Fellowship (PF), Russo, who is 22 years old, is working towards his doctoral degree in electrical engineering with a focus on electromagnetics. Russo is part of the FIU College of Engineering & Computing’s Transforming Antennas Center (TAC), which researches and creates origami antennas and wearable technology. Also known as smart clothing, these garments have military use – soldiers can carry or wear flexible garment-based antennas, lights, batteries and other electronics that can all be wirelessly powered.
Tractica, a market intelligence firm that focuses on human interaction with technology, forecasts that smart clothing will grow 72 percent by 2021. Additionally, it estimates that smart military clothing will be a $500 million market this year.
The Air Force recognized the multidisciplinary aspect of the origami antennas and also saw an opportunity to produce human capital, train students and post docs, and expand professors’ knowledge in this field.
Dr. Stavros Georgakopoulos introduces Dr. Constantine Zekios at the ribbon-cutting ceremony.
It is that compelling research that attracted postdoctoral fellow Constantine Zekios to FIU. Zekios, a native of Pyrgos, Greece, obtained both his undergraduate and graduate degrees from Democritus University of Thrace. In pursuit of better job opportunities, he came to the United States

########
Rank: 15
Score: 22.376757
Retrieved Text: Our five year plan, ‘Resource Revolution, Creating the Future’ sets out how businesses, organisations and consumers can be part of a resource revolution that will re-invent, re-think and re-define how we use materials.
It focuses on the three priority areas that will help best meet our goals - Food and Drink; Clothing and Textiles; and Electricals and Electronics, all of which are underpinned by resource management.
The plan is the first as WRAP embarks on its new journey as a charity and seeks to address the key issues in delivering a sustainable future for us all.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 22.373219
Retrieved Text: God, Tip — just go shopping already!
Tip is looking a bit like Dave today. Maybe some evil coffee would help?
I’m thinking Klatchian coffee by the looks of him. He looks like he just had one Pan-Galactic Gargle Blaster too many!
If he had one Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster, it was one too many.
Wow. Just wow. I think that’s a record all time low for Tip. I wasn’t sure it was even him.
Really makes it feel like less of a ‘strong preference’ for him to wear women’s clothing and more of a ‘necessity for his mental health’. I mean, because he likes him, don’t get me wrong, I’m not trying to paint it as pathological.
For somebody who’s used to being well-dressed, with a large and varied wardrobe, suddenly being reduced to a single outfit that you never wanted to wear in the first place, and now have no choice but to wear for several days straight, would be enough to drive you up the wall.
Mind you, that might not be the only issue at play here. It doesn’t look like he’s shaved for days. Being one of the very few people in the office who’s still capable of doing their job, let alone being aware of what their job *is*, must be hard on a body.
…Assuming he didn’t have to give it to Tremontino along with the rest of his wardrobe in exchange for the suit.
Please somebody say the m-word!
I’m sure we’ll find out where M is soon enough.
I thought that was someone else and not Tip. Some

########
Rank: 17
Score: 22.340042
Retrieved Text: There is a fundamental difference when marketing custom made product vs being a pure play eCommerce company that just sells off the shelf. If you’re Amazon or Build or Banana Republic. People come to your site and know what they’re getting. Often times they would have tried the clothing in store or played with the electronics at a brick and mortar store.
Clients know what they’re getting and the element of surprise is fairly low. The ordering process is also much faster. If I as a customer go to a www.bestbuy.com store. Check out the TV or the computer I am thinking of buying and decide to buy it on Amazon. I know exactly what I will be getting. The chances of me being disappointed are slim to none.
In the case of a custom product the process is much longer. The customer comes to the site and has to let the vendor know what he wants. Often times as is the case with The/Studio. The customer does not even know what his custom patch will look like. He may have an idea, or a drawing but the margin of error from drawing to reality is actually very large.
As a company we have to make sure to understand that to minimize rates of returns, and also improve customer satisfaction as well as delivery time. We have been working with larger and larger clients lately and over the next couple of months we will be using a mix of greater technology as well as human checks to ensure that

########
Rank: 18
Score: 22.32813
Retrieved Text: As we celebrate one of the only conversion stories listed in the Church’s liturgical calendar, namely, St Paul’s conversion from persecutor to Christianity’s most notable evangelizer, we ponder those stories portrayed in film that enlighten our own journeys. Basically, they give us hope that we can change and our lives can make a difference.
In the Greek, the word conversion means metanoia, or “change of heart.” It often refers to a spiritual transformation, not only a change from one religion to another, but also a turning around such as a change in character or way of living. There are numerous stories, both fact and fictional, that delve into the hows and whys of transformation that happen in the human person.
Film has a powerful way of bringing the extraordinary into our ordinary lives. We experience the emotional struggle and external challenges presented to anyone who seeks to change their lives for the good. They are ordinary human beings who face the darkness and come out into the light. They come up against a storm and persevere despite all odds against them. These are the stories that encourage us to live for love, and that alone is what truly matters.
Here’s a list of some of my favorites: some more recent films and others that have endured the test of time. A few films are obvious about conversion, others less so.
Paul, Apostle of Christ—[2018, Drama, Directed by Andrew Hyatt, Starring James Faulkner and Jim Caviezel] This most recent film about the Apostle Paul delves more deeply into his desire to

########
Rank: 19
Score: 22.32017
Retrieved Text: He has been drawing constantly for years, recognising that every time he begins to place the charcoal on the paper there are new compositions, feelings, moods, and expressions being revealed that he needs to explore and capture. When one enters the theatre of the exhibition we see ourselves mirrored in those many forms and feelings.
Captured in poses that range from fluid, relaxed, full of tension, defeated, energetic; here we see ourselves as we really are. What we perceive in these drawings is that the human body is never truly naked. People who are not wearing clothes are wearing themselves, they carry their feelings, their ideas, their attitudes – shame, tiredness, frustration – in the way they carry themselves, in the way they sit, the way they carelessly place a leg or throw an arm to the side.
And this is what is revealed in this series of drawings, ourselves wearing the ‘clothing’ we unconsciously carry. That is the essence of life drawing; to capture our bodies as the artist sees them: through the lens of the human eye and not through the lens of a camera.
What makes MacKenzie’s drawings stand out from the many hundreds of images that fall from the easels of life drawing sessions is that he has kept pushing his technique to the limits. He is always testing those limits, asking how far can he go? It is that constant striving to go beyond the mastering of line, tone and form that lifts this series of drawings out of the ordinary. Hence perspective, which

########
Rank: 20
Score: 22.105604
Retrieved Text: Shane and June Brown are an American couple honeymooning in Paris in an effort to nurture their new life together, a life complicated by Shane's mysterious and frequent visits to a medical clinic where cutting edge studies of the human libido are undertaken. When Shane seeks out a self-exiled expert in the field, he happens upon the doctor's wife, another victim of the same malady. She has become so dangerous and emotionally paralyzed by the condition that her husband imprisons her by day in their home. It is Shane's chance encounter with this woman that triggers an event so cataclysmic and shocking it might just lead him to rediscover the tranquility he seeks to restore for himself and his new bride.
An American newlywed couple, Shane and June Brown, are on their honeymoon in Paris, very much in love with each other, nevertheless, there is more to the happy honeymooners than meets the eye. Shane is desperately looking for a former colleague, Dr Léo, with whom they worked together conducting dangerous experiments on human libido, while at the same time, he is consumed by an indescribable and incessant sexual hunger. As Shane is trying to locate Dr Léo, an unexpected encounter with his wife, Coré, will force the clueless June to try to understand her husband's strange behaviour. But by digging deep into his future, she will soon have to confront Shane's well-hidden inner demons.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 22.028135
Retrieved Text: Written by Pascal Mercier, "Night Train to Lisbon" takes place in Bern, Switzerland, where protagonist Raimund Gregorius, lives the same, perfunctory, life every day. Raimond teaches at a secondary school, where he is an expert in archaic languages. He is well-read, intelligent and very well respected, but his life is defined and in many ways, constrained by his profession. Until one day, must go. He must take the night train to Lisbon. And he does.
Although Amadeu Prado - the man Gregorius seeks to discover- is dead, Gregorius finds himself in Lisbon, discovering the history of the Salzarian Dictatorship and the intricate, but also painful, relationships Prado had during his lifetime. He realizes that Prado was a man who was deeply questioned because he questioned all fundamental pillars. To some, Prado was thought of as a “godless priest,” to others, he was considered an intellectual and an activist whose “religion” was practicing loyalty.
Gregorius and Prado both represent man’s search for purpose. Maybe we find purpose in other people’s discoveries. But, wholeness is found through the immense depth achieved only through experience.
Although the book comments and questions the meaning of life, individual purpose and value, it also criticizes politics and questions religion all the while placing value in moral establishments. As an individual who aligns with agnosticism, "Night Train to Lisbon," perfectly described many of my feelings and verbalized how religion is something that can drastically add so much value to this world, but can also cause so much pain and ignorance. "Night Train to Lisbon," if anything,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 22.02622
Retrieved Text: Welcome to Lübeck Haus Store Mens Clothing Department and to and these special links to shop for mens work clothing, including work and hunting boots and leather jackets.
We offer some of the best selling men's work clothing from leading clothing manufacturers.
Including Carhartt, Dickies Levi, and Wrangler.
These special offers for mens work clothing offers some outstanding buys from among many of the top-selling products at Amazon.com. Many of these advertised specials can be combinded with the option of free Super Saver Shipping. Check the information provided with each item for complete details and any qualifications.
The mens boots, clothing and accessories on this catalogue page are offered for sale in association with Amazon.com.
ORDERING: So take your time, browse this catalogue page listing for your desired items. Then select and click on the items title that you have been looking for.
Read the details, description, price, and availability. Then to order, place your choice in the shopping cart at Amazon.com, and complete your purchase by following their instructions.
If you are not ready to complete your purchase at that time, your clothing item can remain in the Amazon.com shopping cart until you are ready to complete your purchase.
Ordering at Amazon.com through our Lübeck Haus Store links is convenient, quick, safe, and easy.
For additional clothes, books, or any other product, please click on the Amazon.com Browser Boxes .
These browser boxes will allow you to search the entire Amazon.com website to locate additional men's work clothing, office electronics, computer and video games, books, and browse for other items.
To locate more Mens Work Boots

########
Rank: 23
Score: 22.012806
Retrieved Text: M.G Road is the best shopping destination in this city. Other than that there are malls and stores in areas like Laxmi Road, Fashion Street, Hong Kong Lane, Juna Bazaar (great for antiques), along with more known retail outlets like Vishal Mega Mart and Big Bazaar.
Men’s Avenue, logically enough, is where you can get the best men’s wear. Along with that there are places like the Fabindia retailers and Kakde Mall which is also popular. Nearly all the malls operate from 10:00 to 22:00.
The Aditya Shagun Mall was the first in Pune. With three floors of shops and an advantageous location near Deccan, it’s one of the better malls in town.
This Central Pune mall contains enough shops to keep any shopaholic busy for a while and the food outlets ensure that one does not go hungry.
This is a store is the place that you should go to if you want to buy Indian clothes. There are great kurtas for men and also other rural-themed garments.
Considered one of the heartlands of shopping in Pune, Laxmi Road is popular as an area for street shopping. There are many varieties items available in this area; among them clothing, jewelry, bangles and also household necessities. It’s not high-end so go prepared.
M.G. Road is a popular place where the people of the city head to for items of every kind such as electronics, clothes and household items.
Magnet retails a huge variety of products under one roof. It sells everything from clothes, crockery, vegetables, frozen food, basic electrical items, stationary goods and

########
Rank: 24
Score: 21.989485
Retrieved Text: Madrid is the perfect place to find a cool second-hand outfit, antique books, vintage home furnishings or retro toys. Here’s a list of the best flea markets, second-hand shops and thrift stores in Madrid where you can hunt for original and unique items.
If it’s vintage electronics, photos, records or books you’re hunting for, try the unofficial market which takes place on Saturdays in spring/summer in the Plaza Dos de Mayo. Locals will set up stands in the plaza and feel free to barter for a better price on the goods. Keep in mind that some vendors only come here sporadically, so if you find something you truly can’t live without, it may be best to buy it there and then. Chances are, next time, you may not see the same stands set up.
This unique vintage shop has a slogan saying ‘Made in the USA’, taking American clothing (second-hand, of course) and selling it by the kilogram. Already a popular concept at thrift stores in Paris, Flamingo Vintage Kilo has several branches around Spain, with many shops in Barcelona and two locations in Madrid’s Malasaña neighbourhood. Simply find your desired item and pay based on the weight.
The biggest and most popular weekly flea market in Madrid, tourists and locals flock to the vibrant La Latina neighborhood on Sunday mornings to hunt for bargains. In fact, if you veer into the smaller streets off the main drag, you’ll discover a whole new side of the market, where locals set up their own stands or sheets covered with items

########
Rank: 25
Score: 21.980122
Retrieved Text: The word "autopilot" here refers to the process of implementing advanced technology in vehicles that allows you to drive by yourself on high-level roads without human control. This process will be achieved through the use of Radars, Sensors and advanced GPS maps. First, a compact route is selected from the place where the user wants to go on the GPS map.
When the engine is started, all the equipment will begin to position themselves. The readings are obtained from the radar every second. Detects the objects at the 180 ° angle limit and continuously feeds the control unit. This control unit is built with many conditions that make the vehicle move in possible safe directions. Here 50% of the work is done by the radar equipment and the rest of the work is done by the advanced assignment of GPS to make a safe trip. Separate signals are obtained from ground level to detect speed switches and road conditions. The same set of equipment is fixed at the rear of the vehicle to prevent other vehicles from hitting the rear side of the user's vehicle.
This technology of automatic pilot mode is a research project. By implementing this technology in vehicles, you can drive only on roads without human control. This technology creates a new revolution in the field of automobile and transport. It helps the user to save valuable time that is wasted while driving and it is not necessary that drivers are always sitting in the driver's seat, except in the places where the signs and

########
Rank: 26
Score: 21.972008
Retrieved Text: At Cirro Energy, our team participates in giving back to our community throughout the year. It’s easy, simple, and a great way to support others in need. It is important to us that we focus on not just providing energy for your home but helping to spread positive energy by giving back to our neighbors in need. We hope what we do inspires you to do the same.
Let’s face it, electronics come and go quickly in this day and age. However, there is ample opportunity for these gently used electronics (cell phones, printers, TVs) to still be put to good use. We choose to donate our gently used items, and when we must dispose of them completely, we always recycle. Our team encourages donations across all platforms, so be sure to check out your local humane society, your city’s family services, or other donation centers that could greatly use gently used items.
Participate in canned food drives.
Throughout the year, our team collects canned goods and gift cards for food drives. While extremely popular during the holidays, canned drives take place every month of the year. We just clear out our pantry with cans we are not using (that are still in date!) or pick up a few extra cans at the store. Those in need in turn receive another warm meal.
We participate in Dress for Success clothes drives during the year. Women bring in clothing, accessories, and shoes for other women that are experiencing challenging circumstances. The clothes drive helps to provide women in need with new

########
Rank: 27
Score: 21.96391
Retrieved Text: The Greek word mesitēs translated “mediator” in I Timothy 2:5 does not necessarily imply a go-between who negotiates between separate parties. It can also be translated as “a medium of communication” (Thayer’s Greek Lexicon).
Perhaps the intention in I Timothy 2:5 is not so much that Jesus came to mediate as that he came to communicate.
Jesus came to communicate the fullness and beauty of the nature of God and the true nature of what it means to be fully human. He came, most specifically, to embody the reality that God always seeks to bring about the health and well-being of all human beings on earth (“salvation”).
There is no hint here of separation or division. God is working through Jesus to bring all human beings to an awareness that God is one and that God seeks to heal and restore all people to an awareness of the fullness and beauty of our original nature as beings created in the image of God.
A good mediator, before anything else, helps with communication. A good mediator helps the parties to hear one another and what we hear when one of the parties is God is that God is “one”; there is no separation.
there is one God and one mesitēs God and man, the man Christ Jesus.
for one is God, one also is mesitēs of God and of men, the man Christ Jesus.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 21.685118
Retrieved Text: In my year and half of photographing students on campus Anthropology major Keysel Pelaez has easily been my most photographed subject. I first met Keysel when I was saw him walking in front of the Green Library wearing a vintage Koolaid blue shirt and red plaid wool bell bottoms with leather Chukka boots. Even if I hadn’t of noticed his outfit his massive afro is impossible to miss, almost taking on a personality of its own. Since then every time I run into him he has never not had on an almost fully thrifted outfit that always seems to take on a dandy 70s vibe. Recently I got the chance to actually sit down with the famous style star of the FIU campus and dig deeper into understanding his unique style and personality.
You are very well recognized on campus for your style. Do you get approached often about this or do you feel that people are afraid to talk to you?
I’m often approached about it and I really enjoy it because it really works as an ice-breaker. Even the people that approach me negatively, like I’ve been told I’m weird and I enjoy that too because it’s still an icebreaker and I like embracing the negative and the positive because that is how this world works.
The first thing someone see’s is what you present on the outside and that is why I’m so invested in my appearance. My value system values presentation.
I don’t think I’ve ever seen you around without at least one piece of thrifted

########
Rank: 29
Score: 21.644283
Retrieved Text: Ranveer Singh knows how to stay in limelight 24×7. Be it wearing unique clothing or performing stunts in public place. One of his such recent stunts seems to have failed. He was on promotion of his upcoming film Gully Boy at Lakme fashion week in Mumbai.
He along with rapper Naezy and other artists sand Apna Time Aayega and then the actor decided to dive into the audience. But the dive didn’t go smoothly. The actor fell on members of the audience, leaving the audience sprawling on the ground.
Twitter is obviously pissed off.
Twitter users are sharing photo of a new article in Mid Day newspaper’s 4th Feb edition titled “The Rough Landing” where Singh is seen jumping along with the members of the audience on ground.
Ranveer fans actually have the audacity to talk about random negative SRK incidents from the past. Being a fan of a person makes people so dumb. Why can’t you accept that the person you stan isn’t a God, he’s a mere human. Just accept his idiocy and hope he never repeats it.
One user also shared video from the event.
People are seemingly furious with the actor.
He is a 33 year old man not a child. He is responsible for his actions. He actually ended up hurting people in his hyper mode. What is the need for such unnecessary and dangerous stunts. Such a attention seeker. Not cool Mr. Ranveer Singh!
Don't know why people especially girls found him so adorable when he does such kind of things, thay says like I want to be

================



======= Instance Index 49 =========
Input Text: A judge was on his bench serving justice, what was his most important principle?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- honest
- lawyre
- fair
- arranging files
- tell truth

Target Text: fair

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 42.310955
Retrieved Text: Justice Jasti Chelameswar, the second most senior judge of the Supreme Court (SC) retired today after serving for seven years in the top court. Earlier this year, he and three sitting judges of SC held a press conference mounting a virtual revolt against Chief Justice of India Dipak Misra.
The second-most senior judge in the apex court, Justice Chelameswar has frequently differed with his colleagues and been a part of headline-worthy judgements but hasn’t received the deserved attention.
In 1997, he was made the additional judge in the Andhra Pradesh HC and was then made the CJ of the Gauhati High Court in May 2011. He wasn’t elevated to the Supreme Court until October 2011 and this unexplained delay denied him the chance Chief Justice of India.
What are some of his landmark decisions?
In 2015, Justice Chelameswar was the lone dissenter, when he said that the Collegium system must go, for an exclusive authority to appoint judges was not the only means for an independent judiciary. The centre’s main criticism against the Collegium system was that it creates an ‘empire within an empire’, establishing a give-and-take culture in the country’s top judicial body.
As the Supreme Court, by a 4:1 majority, upheld the Collegium system, Justice Chelameswar said that it has “a euphemism for nepotism” where “mediocrity or even less” is promoted and a “constitutional disorder” does not look distant. Every judge on the constitutional bench had criticised the Collegium system, including the current CJI, but only Chelameswar decided to dissent.
His judgement was seen by many as a way to

########
Rank: 1
Score: 40.320324
Retrieved Text: Conservativity.com -- On Whose SIDE will Judge Roberts Be?
On Whose SIDE will Judge Roberts Be?
Teddy "Chappaquiddick" Kennedy of Massachusetts, extreme left-wing socialist, is on the warpath against our beloved President’s nomination of John G. Roberts, Jr. His main talking point: "whose side will [Judge Roberts] be on?" Rush Limbaugh is presently picking apart the Senator; I will not presume to outdo the great Maha Rushie. However, I am making a small observation.
"The idea that a Supreme Court justice is supposed to defend liberal interest group X against putatively evil conservative faction Y, aside from being facially ludicrous, flouts the principle of judicial neutrality."
A Supreme Court Justice is not supposed to be on any person’s "side!" The building in which the Court convenes is engraved with the words "EQUAL JUSTICE UNDER LAW." The idea that a Supreme Court justice is supposed to defend liberal interest group X against putatively evil conservative faction Y, aside from being facially ludicrous, flouts the principle of judicial neutrality. That is the liberal fallacy in a nutshell. To the left, the court is not a place that applies the law fairly and without prejudice or passion. It’s a place where the judge usurps the role of advocate from the attorney, and also usurps the role of lawmaker from the elected lawmakers, and then legislates the judge’s personal views upon the rest. It’s the dictatorship of Sulla implemented from the bench.
This is why I am so pleased with our President’s every choice to the federal courts to date. His nominees to date are

########
Rank: 2
Score: 39.864727
Retrieved Text: A Supreme Court judge of Pakistan, in an order passed in a case, expressed his strong disagreement with the reconstitution of a bench by the Chief Justice of Pakistan (CJP).
Interestingly, this order passed on Saturday coincides with the anniversary of four judges' press conference in India, who had raised similar allegations about the constitution of benches by the then Chief Justice of India.
Justice Syed Mansoor Ali Shah said the CJP's decision to reconstitute the bench was unwarranted and unprecedented and undermined the integrity of the system.
A three-judge bench of Justice Mian Saqib Nisar, Justice Qazi Faez Isa and Justice Syed Mansoor Ali Shah was constituted to hear a human rights case regarding disposal of infectious wastes in the Province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. The Chief Justice abruptly reconstituted the bench by ousting Justice Qazi Faez Isa. The judge, who was ousted from the bench, passed an order in the case, and said the reconstitution was unwarranted and unprecedented, in such a manner, whilst hearing a case. The reconstituted bench comprised of the CJP himself and Justice Syed Mansoor Ali Shah.
In the order passed on Saturday, Justice Shah said: "I must admit that my sitting on the reconstituted two-member bench was a mistake and having realized that after examining the legal position, I did not sign the orders passed by the reconstituted two-member bench and as a junior member of the Bench, awaited for the Hon'ble Chief Justice to pass an appropriate order in response to the Order of my learned brother Qazi Faez Isa, J."
He added that

########
Rank: 3
Score: 39.652584
Retrieved Text: Author Chad Hymas writes, “Success is knowing that those who know you best love you most.” By that definition, Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia was the epitome of success. Appointed by President Ronald Reagan in 1986, Scalia was recognized as the most academic voice among the conservatives during his nearly 30-year run. Rightly so, Scalia has received widespread accolades from his peers and political leaders from both parties. But we will offer the perspective of a woman whose name you have probably never heard – Rachel Barkow.
Rachel Barkow was Scalia’s clerk. These are her words, honoring her boss on his 20th anniversary on the High Court.
Although it is somewhat ironic that this tribute to Justice Scalia will be contained in pages of legislative history that he so often derides, I think even he will be convinced that, in this instance, the legislative history is authoritative. After all, if, as he has noted, the use of legislative history is “the equivalent of entering a crowded cocktail party and looking over the heads of the guests for one’s friends,” he will see many friends and admirers today. I proudly include myself in that group. Justice Scalia has been a valued mentor and serving as his law clerk was an honor I will always treasure.
All of the Justices play a significant role during their time on the Supreme Court by virtue of their votes in the important cases of the day. But most Justices fail to leave a lasting imprint on the law that goes beyond those votes. Justice

########
Rank: 4
Score: 39.531826
Retrieved Text: HC judge passes 'order' against 7 sitting SC judges!
Prabhakar Mishra,New Delhi: Friday will do down as a lnadmark day in the history of Indian judicial system. A sitting High Court judge appeared as an accused before the Supreme Court.
Controversial Calcutta High Court judge Justice C S Karnan on Friday appeared before the Supreme Court which granted him four weeks' time to respond to the contempt notice while rejecting the submission that his administrative and judicial powers be restored.
A seven-judge bench headed by Chief Justice J S Khehar took note of personal appearance of Justice Karnan, a first in the history of Indian judiciary, and asked him to respond to the allegations leveled against various judges in his several communications.
At the outset, the bench, also comprising Justices Dipak Misra, J Chelameswar, Ranjan Gogoi, M B Lokur, P C Ghose and Kurian Joseph asked Justice Karnan as to whether he was willing to tender an unconditional apology and withdraw his earlier communications in which he had made allegations against various judges.
As Justice Karnan was not forthright in his response, the bench suggested him to take time and legal assistance in responding to the question.
Justice Karnan in his response, alleged discrimination and "social boycott" by companion judges on various grounds including his caste and said that even the Supreme Court issued the contempt notice and took away his administrative and judicial rights without hearing him.
"I made complaints to the Chief Justice of India and the Prime Minister. A suo motu contempt proceeding was initiated against me. Before hearing me,

########
Rank: 5
Score: 39.238735
Retrieved Text: Washtenaw County Circuit Judge Donald E. Shelton has been appointed associate professor and Director of the Criminal Justice Program at the University of Michigan - Dearborn, pending approval by the Board of Regents.
The appointment is effective in the fall semester and Shelton announced that he will retire from the bench effective September 1. Shelton has been a Washtenaw County Trial Court judge for 24 years and was scheduled to leave the bench when his normal term expires on January 1, 2015.
The Bachelor of Arts in Criminal Justice Studies is one of the fastest growing and most popular degree programs at The University of Michigan-Dearborn. The program’s mission is to produce well-rounded, service-oriented graduates with the technical skills needed to meet the challenges of criminal justice professionals in the 21st century, according to Shelton. The program prepares students for diverse careers in law, justice, public administration, policy analysis, public security, and for graduate work in the social and behavioral sciences.
During his judicial tenure, Shelton has served as chief judge of the Trial Court from 2010-13 and is also the presiding judge of the Civil/Criminal and Juvenile divisions of the Trial Court. Born in Jackson, Shelton earned his undergraduate degree from Western Michigan University, a juris doctor degree from the University of Michigan Law School, a master’s degree in criminology from Eastern Michigan University, and a Ph.D. in judicial studies from the University of Nevada. Shelton has been an adjunct criminology and political science professor at EMU since 1997, and an adjunct professor at Cooley Law School. He

########
Rank: 6
Score: 38.749878
Retrieved Text: Ivan Robichaud, Q.C., a partner with Robichaud Guignard Gauvin in Shippagan, is appointed a judge of the Court of Queen’s Bench of New Brunswick, Trial Division, in Bathurst. He replaces Mr. Justice J.A.R. Léger (Bathurst), who elected to become a supernumerary judge effective February 6, 2017.
Justice Ivan Robichaud received a Bachelor of Fisheries Management from the Shippagan campus of Université de Moncton, followed by a Bachelor of Laws from the Moncton campus of the same university in 1986. He was called to the Law Society of New Brunswick the following year and returned to Shippagan, his hometown, where he practised throughout his legal career. He was appointed Queen’s Counsel in 2005.
Justice Robichaud has practised in various areas of law. He has appeared before the Provincial Court of New Brunswick, the Court of Queen’s Bench of New Brunswick and the Court of Appeal of New Brunswick, in addition to acting as an adjudicator for the New Brunswick Small Claims Court, as a public intervener before the former New Brunswick Utilities Board and as the New Brunswick Expropriations Advisory Officer. For a number of years, he has chaired hearings of the Law Society of New Brunswick’s discipline committee.
Actively involved in the legal community, Justice Robichaud has been a member and then chair of the articling committee of the Law Society of New Brunswick, a member of the executive committee of the New Brunswick Law Foundation, and a member of the staffing committee of the law faculty at Université de Moncton.
Justice Robichaud believes that it is important to volunteer

########
Rank: 7
Score: 38.223057
Retrieved Text: President Donald Trump is, to put it gently, an unconventional president. But both of his choices to fill vacancies on the U.S. Supreme Court, Justice Neil Gorsuch and, now, Judge Brett Kavanaugh, have been the most conventional imaginable.
Kavanaugh is a nominee from Supreme Court justice central casting: he earned two degrees from Yale, clerked for three federal judges (including the man he seeks to replace, Justice Anthony Kennedy), and held several of the most prestigious legal jobs in Washington before ascending to the federal bench.
But Kavanaugh’s place in the most rarified sanctum of the capital elite wasn’t secured only by his high-powered legal work; he was also a close aide to President George W. Bush, serving as the president’s staff secretary, one of the most powerful positions in any White House. It’s not just that a President Jeb Bush could have nominated Kavanaugh – it’s that many of us are sure he would have. Is that what President Trump’s voters signed up for?
Yes, Kavanaugh is exactly the kind of judge most of the president’s voters wanted to see on the Supreme Court. It’s important to remember that through much of the primary season, most Republican voters did not support Trump, and, in fact, a significant percentage of Republicans found him distasteful. Many political observers believe that the pivotal event that enabled Trump to win the presidency was the death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia. The prospect of filling an actual, rather than speculative, vacancy on the court galvanized Republican voters who might have stayed home

########
Rank: 8
Score: 38.19921
Retrieved Text: The senior Supreme Court judges, who are members of the five-member Collegium, said it is an “unquestionable need” to review the process to appoint judges to constitutional courts.
The immediate trigger was the contempt proceedings against Justice CS Karnan of the Calcutta High Court, the first time against a serving judge. Justices Jasti Chelameswar and Ranjan Gogoi, among the two senior-most judges on the bench in the case, have also called for an appropriate process to deal with the conduct of judges.
Justice Karnan was sentenced to a six-month jail term after being found guilty of contempt of court. The top court had initiated proceedings over his allegations of corruption against members of the higher judiciary.
Agreeing with the main judgement passed by a seven-judge bench, the two judges said in a separate order that its importance extends beyond the immediate problem. The detailed Supreme Court order was uploaded on the apex court’s website on Wednesday evening.
This case highlights two things, (1) the need to revisit the process of selection and appointment of judges to the constitutional courts, for that matter any member of the judiciary at all levels; and (2) the need to set up appropriate legal regime to deal with situations where the conduct of a Judge of a constitutional court requires corrective measures – other than impeachment – to be taken.
Justices Chelameswar and Gogoi are part of the five-member Collegium which appoints judges to the higher judiciary. Justice Chelameswar was the lone dissenting judge in the five-member Constitution bench that struck down the National Judicial Appointment

########
Rank: 9
Score: 38.19386
Retrieved Text: Kuldip Singh (born 1 January 1932) is an Indian attorney and former member of the Supreme Court of India. Following his retirement from the court, he headed the 2002-2008 National Delimitation Commission that redistricted all of India after the 2001 census. Singh received his education from Col. Brown Cambridge School, followed by his first law degree from Punjab University in 1955 and a second one from the University of London in 1958. He served as a barrister-at-law at Lincoln’s Inn in London before returning to India in 1959.Singh was appointed to the Supreme Court on 14 December 1988 and retired on 21 December 1996.
The tall, hefty, grizzled Justice—dubbed ‘lion’ because of his characteristic roar—feels his most important jurisprudential contribution was in giving teeth to public interest litigation (PIL).He broke new legal ground in environmental law (earning the sobriquet ‘green’ judge) and gave a fresh dimension to human rights litigation while dealing with alleged police atrocities in Punjab (for which his detractors termed him ‘Khalistani’ judge). Post-retirement, his crusading zeal has not dimmed and he is teeming with ideas for judicial reform. “The system of judicial appointments should be more transparent,” says the former judge, who wants a national debate on the issue. He points out that the chief justice controls the high court’s and lower courts by virtue of his power to appoint and transfer judges. The exercise of this power must be transparent.
Singh, who was party to the 1993 nine-judge Supreme Court bench ruling which gave the judiciary primacy over the executive in the appointment

########
Rank: 10
Score: 37.268757
Retrieved Text: Eastland, a boomtown in the 1920’s, is home to the Eleventh Court of Appeals of Texas. The court’s Chief Justice Jim R. Wright lives just outside of town at Lake Leon. The three-time gubernatorial appointee has served as the Court’s Chief Justice since 2005, when Governor Rick Perry appointed him to fill the vacancy created when Chief Justice W. G. Arnot III left the bench.
Chief Justice Wright, then and now the most senior member of Eastland’s three-judge court, first took a seat on the appellate bench in 1995, when then-Governor George W. Bush elevated him from the trial bench, where he had served for eighteen years. A third Texas governor, Bill Clements, appointed Wright to the 91st District Court in Eastland in 1979. At the time, Wright had been in private practice only seven years, but the young lawyer must have seemed an obvious choice for Governor Clements. Wright had been a standout at Texas Tech University School of Law, where he graduated third in his class. The strong start gave Wright the momentum to become a judge very early in his legal career.
A native of Eastland, Wright developed an interest in the law at a young age. Watching lawyers in town, Wright began to imagine himself as a lawyer and always knew he wanted to go to law school, though in his youth he devoted much of his time and attention to sports. He played football, basketball, and ran track. Wright earned a B.B.A. from North Texas State University. While in college, he focused his

########
Rank: 11
Score: 37.250824
Retrieved Text: George Dobry was born in Poland, and enjoyed a career as an English QC and Circuit Judge. In the early 1990s he founded the British Centre for English and European Legal Studies at Warsaw University, before going on to found the Slynn Foundation, which he conceived as a vehicle for the exchange of knowledge and ideas between British lawyers and judges and their counterparts in the emerging democracies of Central and Eastern Europe.
Gordon Slynn began his career when he was called to the Bar in 1956, becoming a Bencher of Grays Inn in 1970 and Treasurer in 1988 and became a Queens Counsel in 1974. He was appointed Recorder of Hereford in 1971 and as a judge of the Queen’s Bench Division of the High Court in 1976, serving additionally as President of the Employment Appeal Tribunal from 1978. In 1981, he left both these positions to become an Advocate General at the European Court of Justice (ECJ), and was appointed a Judge in 1988, a position he held until 1992.
He was appointed a Lord of Appeal in 1992, becoming a life peer as Baron Slynn of Hadley. As a member of the House of Lords, he served as Chairman of the House of Lords Select Sub-Committee on European Law and Institutions (1992–95), and as a member of the House of Lords Select Committee on Public Service (1996–98) and the Joint Parliamentary Committee on Corruption Bill (2003). He retired as a Law Lord in 2002.
He was appointed President of the Court of Appeal of the Solomon

########
Rank: 12
Score: 37.225174
Retrieved Text: I am and will remain pro-life. Public funding of abortion providers is an insult to people of faith at the least, and is an affront to good government and governance, at best. I will work to support the dignity of human life from conception to natural, dignified death.
Judicial nominations, particularly appointments to the United States Supreme Court, are one of the most critical issues of this election. I will appoint Justices to the Supreme Court like the late and beloved great Catholic thinker and jurist, Justice Antonin Scalia, who will strictly interpret the Constitution and not legislate from the bench.
Catholic education is a shining example of how education can work very well on the local level without the meddling of Washington bureaucrats. I will defend the religious liberty of Catholic schools, private schools, charter schools, and homeschooling families. I will be the biggest cheerleader for school choice programs so we can give every child in America, particularly disadvantaged African American and Hispanic American children trapped in failing government run schools, the best possible educational opportunities. I will end Common Core and will get the federal government out of the public education business.
It appears Obamacare is certain to collapse of its own weight. If I am elected president, I will work with Congress to bring much-needed free market reforms to the healthcare industry. Working together to create sound public policy that will broaden healthcare access, we will make healthcare more affordable and improve the quality of the care available to all Americans.
When it comes to jobs and

########
Rank: 13
Score: 37.118908
Retrieved Text: When then-candidate Donald Trump outsourced his selection of potential Supreme Court justices to far right organizations, their entire movement was thrilled. By picking their own justice, they could get what they’d long made clear they wanted most: a justice like Antonin Scalia.
Given the late justice’s three decades on the Supreme Court, “like Justice Scalia” is not just some nebulous term. His record gives a very definite meaning to the term and to the policy goals desired by the far Right.
As shown above, Scalia’s legacy is that he empowered the powerful and afflicted the afflicted. His rulings from the bench have harmed millions upon millions of people in multiple ways.
So we know that Justice Scalia’s approach to the law has harmed everyday Americans in a variety of ways, while ensuring that more power go to the most powerful corporations and individuals.
And Judge Gorsuch’s strongest supporters assure us that he’ll treat us the same way Scalia did. In fact, in some important ways, Gorsuch is further to the right than Scalia himself.
The conclusion isn’t hard to reach: Gorsuch should not be confirmed.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 37.005398
Retrieved Text: Since graduating from Niagara University in 1971, Magistrate Judge Hugh B. Scott has ascended to the highest levels of the federal judicial system in a remarkable and pioneering fashion.
Judge Scott went on to earn a Juris Doctor from UB Law School and later became the first African-American appointed as assistant United States attorney in the Western District of New York. In 1981, he was selected as the first African-American to hold the title of assistant attorney general in charge of the New York State Department of Law’s regional office. Judge Scott was elected to serve a 10-year term on the Buffalo City Court bench in 1984 and re-elected to the post in 1994. He resigned the position one year later to become the first African-American to preside over the federal court bench in the Western District of New York.
Throughout his career, which also includes 29 years as a lecturer in UB’s Law School, Judge Scott has been invested in the community, serving on numerous boards dealing with education, domestic violence, healthcare, racial justice and indigent prisoners.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 36.943317
Retrieved Text: He was a Texas judicial giant, and will be greatly missed.
The William Wayne Justice Center for Public Interest Law at the University of Texas School of Law will carry forward his legacy. The Law School has posted, "In Memoriam: The Honorable William Wayne Justice, 1920–2009."
"Federal judge who shattered old Texas dies at 89," is by AP writer April Castro, via the Fort Worth Star-Telegram.
U.S. District Judge William Wayne Justice, whose rulings shattered old Texas by changing the way the state educated children, treated prisoners and housed its poorest and most vulnerable citizens, has died. He was 89.
His law clerk, Kelly Davis, said the judge died Tuesday in Austin.
The soft-spoken jurist spent three often tumultuous decades on the bench following his appointment by President Lyndon B. Johnson in 1968. To some, Justice was a judicial renegade who disregarded the public's will by imposing his own concepts on a conservative state.
But his decisions are widely credited for creating a modern Texas. They forced the state to dramatically expand and improve its prison and juvenile justice systems, and to dismantle racial barriers in public housing and education. He opened public schools to the children of illegal immigrants and provided bilingual education in rulings that were later used as the foundation of national policy.
"I'm basically a very shy, retiring person, but fate has put me in a situation where I've been in the midst of controversy," he wrote in his 1991 book, "William Wayne Justice, A Judicial Biography."
After only two years on the bench, he ordered the state in 1970

########
Rank: 16
Score: 36.689533
Retrieved Text: URGENT >> BULLETIN >> MOVING: Antonin Scalia, an associate justice of the nine-member U.S. Supreme Court, has died in Texas, according to multiple media reports.
Scalia, 79, was known for his conservatism. He was appointed to the court by President Ronald Reagan in 1986.
Laura and I mourn the death of a brilliant jurist and important American, Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia. He was a towering figure and important judge on our Nation’s highest court. He brought intellect, good judgment, and wit to the bench, and he will be missed by his colleagues and our country. Laura and I send our heartfelt sympathies and condolences to his wife, Maureen, their nine children, and the entire Scalia family.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 36.466038
Retrieved Text: The Supreme Court issued bailable warrants against serving Calcutta High Court judge C S Karnan to ensure his presence before it on March 31 in a contempt case.
A seven-judge bench headed by Chief Justice J S Khehar took strong note of Justice Karnan’s non-appearance despite being served with the contempt notice and asked the Director General of West Bengal Police to execute the warrants on the judge to ensure his presence at 10.30 AM on March 31.
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that Justice Karnan had defied the Supreme Court order and the apex court rules on contempt provide for issuance of bailable and non-bailable warrants against a contemnor to ensure his presence.
After the alleged open contemptuous letters written by Justice Karnan against the Madras HC Chief Justice, addressed to the CJI, Prime Minister and others, the court had initiated proceedings against him.
The apex court had on February 8 asked Justice Karnan to appear in person and explain why contempt proceedings should not be initiated against him. It had restrained him from undertaking judicial and administrative work.
However, Justice Karnan did not appear before the apex court on February 13 also. On February 10, Justice Karnan had written a letter to the apex court in which he had reportedly played the Dalit card asking the Supreme Court to refer the matter to Parliament, contending that contempt proceedings were “not sustainable”.
“Before obtaining any explanation from me, I wish to state that the courts have no power to enforce punishment against a sitting judge of the High Court. The said

########
Rank: 18
Score: 36.330917
Retrieved Text: Continuing our conversation in March’s Government & Gavel about the importance of diversity on the bench, D.C. Superior Court Judges Rainey Brandt and Marisa J. Demeo, in separate interviews, share more about their career paths and experiences in the judiciary.
Judge Brandt, originally from Georgia, was appointed magistrate judge of the Superior Court on November 7, 2012. Previously, she served for 14 years as special counsel to the chief judge of the Superior Court, working as “ombudsman between the bench and the criminal justice agencies in D.C.” Brandt has been a criminal justice professor at American University for the past 28 years.
Judge Demeo was appointed associate judge of the Superior Court in 2010. After law school, Demeo served as an honors trial attorney in the Civil Rights Division of the U.S. Department of Justice handling employment cases. In 1997 she joined the Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund, and then served as a trial attorney in the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the District of Columbia.
Why did you choose to join the judiciary?
Brandt: I’m what you would call a “homegrown” judge because almost 100 percent of my post-law school-related law experience has been at D.C. Superior Court, going from law clerk to special counsel to judge. I had spent so many years being behind the scenes working with court administration; I wanted a different challenge. Plus, I love D.C. Superior Court. So, it just started to feel like the correct next step.
Demeo: It’s [been my] lifelong career commitment to serve the community, so I see this as

########
Rank: 19
Score: 36.135105
Retrieved Text: First District Court of Appeals Judge Marilyn Zayas served as a visiting judge on the Ohio Supreme Court today and heard oral arguments in a case involving whether police violated an Ohio man’s constitutional rights when searching and seizing marijuana candy in his car.
Judge Zayas replaced Justice Mary DeGenaro, who recused herself from State of Ohio v. Edwin A. Vega, (Case no. 2017-0618).
Judge Zayas joined Chief Justice Maureen O’Connor and Justices Terrence O’Donnell, Sharon L. Kennedy, Judith L. French, Patrick F. Fischer, and R. Patrick DeWine in hearing the case.
According to the Ohio Constitution, in the event of a recusal by a justice the chief justice can select any of the 69 sitting Ohio appellate court judges to sit temporarily on the Supreme Court.
Today was Judge Zayas’ first time serving as a visiting judge.
Judge Zayas has served on the appellate bench since 2016. Previously, she served the Cincinnati community as an attorney for nearly 20 years. She worked at Procter & Gamble for six years before pursuing her dream to become a lawyer. Judge Zayas received her bachelor’s degree in computer science from City University of New York and her law degree from the University of Cincinnati.
The First District Court of Appeals serves Hamilton County, and hears cases from county, municipal, and common pleas courts, as well as certain original actions.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 36.11618
Retrieved Text: Justice Ranjan Gogoi was sworn-in as the 46th Chief Justice of India.
He was administered oath of the office by President Ram Nath Kovind.
With this, Justice Ranjan Gogoi is the first Chief Justice of India from the north-east.
He succeeded CJI Dipak Misra who retired from the office.
He will have a tenure of about 13 months, from October 3, 2018 till his retirement on November 17, 2019.
Justice Gogoi was born on November 18, 1954.
He is a native of Assam and is the son of former Assam Chief Minister Keshab Chandra Gogoi.
He had joined Bar in 1978 and practiced mainly in Gauhati High Court.
He was appointed as a permanent judge of High Court in February 2001.
He was transferred to Punjab and Haryana High Court in September 2010 and was appointed its Chief Justice in February 2011.
He was elevated to the Supreme Court in April 2012.
In Supreme Court, Justice Gogoi had led important benches that have dealt largely with the issue of corruption in politics and public life.
He has led apex court bench which ordered Centre to set up special courts to exclusively try MPs and MLAs as means to de-criminalise politics.
His Bench is also monitoring progress made by government in appointment of anti-corruption ombudsman Lokpal.
Justice Gogoi was one of the four most senior Supreme Court judges (along with Justices J Chelameswar, M B Lokur and Kurian Joseph) who held January 12, 2018 press conference bringing up issue of selective assignment of sensitive cases by recent CJIs to certain judges in the Supreme Court.
Q. Who was sworn-in as the 46th

########
Rank: 21
Score: 36.115753
Retrieved Text: Chief Justice David Maraga is set to redeploy more judicial officers next in week, in line with transfer policy guidelines adopted in December 2017.
Maraga – who has over the past year effected high-profile transfers including Justice George Odunga’s reassignment to Machakos in April and Monday’s transfer of Justice Chacha Mwita to Kajiado – however dismissed claims that he is under pressure from the Executive to reshuffle some judges.
“Why didn’t anyone ask when I transferred judges earlier on? These are normal transfers that we do every now and then,” the CJ remarked on Thursday while responding to questions on Justice Mwita’s transfer.
Justices Odunga’s and Mwita’s tenures at the Milimani Law Court’s Constitutional and Human Rights Division earned them admiration and criticism in equal measure.
The former particularly criticized by Interior Cabinet Secretary Fred Matiangi who once said “an evil clique” of judges were in an “unholy alliance” hell-bent to frustrate the government by issuing injunctions.
Justice Odunga had in March 2018 fined Matiangi, Immigration Principal Secretary Gordon Kihalangwa, and National Police Service Inspector General Joseph Boinnet Sh200,000 each for contempt after they failed to personally appear in court where they had been summoned to explain their apparent refusal to produce deported opposition activist Miguna Miguna in court.
Justice Mwita also earned a fair share of criticism last year after he suspended criminal charges against Deputy Chief Justice Philomena Mwilu after the public prosecutor moved to charge her with fraud.
He later referred the case to CJ Maraga who formed a five-judge bench to determine “constitutional issues” raised by DCJ Mwilu in

########
Rank: 22
Score: 36.068993
Retrieved Text: ISLAMABAD: The Supreme Court (SC) on Thursday dismissed a petition filed against the appointment of sitting SC judge Qazi Faez Isa as Balochistan High Court (BHC) chief justice.
During the hearing, the petitioner informed a three-member bench led by Chief Justice of Pakistan (CJP) Saqib Nisar that Justice Isa’s appointment as the BHC chief justice was against articles 105 and 196 of the Constitution and that the August 5, 2009 notification of Justice Isa’s appointment should be struck down.
The CJP asked the petitioner what reasons he had behind his claims that the appointment of Justice Isa was not as per the advice of the chief minister. “What proof do you have?” the CJP asked.
The petitioner referred to his own affidavit on the matter. The CJP then remarked that this case was no more relevant as Justice Isa had been appointed as an SC judge before the petitioner’s request in 2016.
The hearing was briefly adjourned after the Pakistan Bar Council’s request to become a party in the case was accepted. The SC subsequently ruled to dismiss the petition.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 36.025806
Retrieved Text: A Supreme Court bench of Justice KS Radhakrishnan and Justice Pinaki Chandra Ghose had banned Tamil Nadu’s centuries-old jallikattu in 2014.
A two-judge bench of the Madras High Court (Madurai Bench) has issued notice to former Supreme Court judge Justice Radhakrishnan and three others in a writ petition seeking a direction to him for return of the PETA ‘Man of the Year’ Award.
The bench of Justice A Selvam and Justice P Kalaiyarasan also issued notice to Secretary- President of India, Ministry of Law and Justice and People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) India.
Justice Radhkrishnan was awarded the ‘Man of the Year Award’ in 2015 for his contribution towards the protection of animals.
In a landmark judgment in May 2014, the Supreme Court bench of Justice KS Radhakrishnan and Justice Pinaki Chandra Ghose banned Tamil Nadu’s centuries-old jallikattu bull fights, on a petition brought forth by the Animal Welfare Board of India and PETA.
Petitioner Salai Chakrapani alleged that there was evidence and proof of bias on part of the judge in banning jallikattu.
The writ petition alleged that a former judge could not receive an award – ‘Man of the Year’ - from an orgaanisation, in whose favour the judgment was delivered.
The petitioner also prayed for a direction declaring that the former judge was permanently disqualified from enjoying post-retiral benefits and would not be considered for obtaining the status under Article 128 of the Constitution.
The Supreme Court recently had banned two PIL petitioners from filing any PILs in India, for filing PILs against the President of India and

########
Rank: 24
Score: 36.014713
Retrieved Text: Justice Karnan’s antics continued on Thursday when he refused to be examined by a four-member team of psychiatrists who arrived at his residence to execute a Supreme Court order.
The Doctors from the Calcutta Pavlov Hospital for Mental Patients, who were accompanied by police officers, were reportedly treated to tea, but were declined the permission to medically examine the Judge.
He further told the doctors that for holding such a medical examination, guardian’s consent is required, and since his family members were not present at that time, the examination cannot be conducted.
The order for Justice Karnan’s check-up was passed on Monday by a seven Judge Constitution Bench. The bench was particularly miffed over two recent “judicial orders” passed by Justice Karnan (when he was restrained from issuing judicial or administrative orders), summoning the Judges of seven Judge Bench, and directing the Air Control Authority to not allow the seven SC Judges to travel abroad. The Bench had then found that he was not in a position to defend himself now, and had directed the DGP, West Bengal to constitute a team of police personnel to get the examination conducted. The Board is supposed to submit a report by May 8.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 35.99532
Retrieved Text: New Delhi, Aug 7: Justice K M Joseph, the Chief Justice of the Uttarakhand High Court, will take oath as a judge of the Supreme Court as scheduled on Tuesday amid a row with the Centre over his seniority being lowered on his elevation. The Centre on its part said it went purely by the "time-tested" principle of high court seniority list.
It came out with a notification last Friday on the appointment of three judges to the apex court by putting at third position the seniority of Justice K M Joseph.
According to apex court sources, the oath-taking ceremony of the three judges elevated to the Supreme Court -- Justices Indira Banerjee, Vineet Saran and K M Joseph -- will take place as scheduled tomorrow in the order of seniority notified by the Centre. Judges including members of the collegium comprising Justices M B Lokur, Kurian Joseph and A K Sikri met Chief Justice Dipak Misra to raise their concerns on the seniority issue concerning Justice K M Joseph.
The judges were reported to be of the view that there was a need to sit together and ponder over the issue. The court sources said that nothing much can be done at this stage and that the concerns raised by some of the judges would be discussed after the three judges are sworn in today.
The court sources said except for Justice Ranjan Gogoi, a member of the apex court collegium who was on leave, others had "informally" deliberated on the Centre's decision to lower the seniority of Justice

########
Rank: 26
Score: 35.943123
Retrieved Text: Justice Jasti Chelameswar, the senior most judge of the Supreme Court after the Chief Justice of India, who led three senior judges to an unprecedented press conference, mounting a virtual canada goose outlet shop revolt against CJI Dipak Misra, will demit office canada goose outlet michigan on Friday after a nearly seven year tenure in the top court.
Along with justices Ranjan Gogoi, M B Lokur canada goose parka outlet uk and Kurian Joseph, he had raised questions on ‘selective’ allocation of cases, including the sensitive case of special Central Bureau of Investigation judge B H Loya, who died on December 1, 2014.
“Unless this institution (Supreme Court) is preserved and it maintains its equanimity, democracy will not survive in this country, or any country. The survival of a democracy, it is said, the hallmark of a good democracy, is an independent and impartial judge,” he had said.
In a separate but concurring verdict, Justice Chelameswar had said in August last year that fundamental rights were the only constitutional firewall to prevent State’s interference with those core freedoms constituting liberty of a human being.
Justice Chelameswar, who was also part of the five judge Constitution bench led by Justice J S Khehar that had scrapped the canada goose outlet online store National Judicial Appointments Commission (NJAC) Act to deal with appointments in higher judiciary, was the lone dissenting judge.
Opposing the Collegium system of judges appointing judges, he had taken a decision after the 2016 NJAC verdict to goose outlet canada opt out of the Supreme Court Collegium meetings till the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 35.93656
Retrieved Text: ISLAMABAD: No elements of fraud or malpractice have been seen in the money trail Imran Khan provided for the purchase of his property in Bani Gala, Chief Justice of Pakistan Mian Saqib Nisar said on Tuesday.
Heading a three-judge bench hearing a petition against the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) chief, the chief justice also observed that Khan’s arguments regarding how he acquired the land have been consistent.
The bench is hearing Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz leader Hanif Abbasi’s petition seeking Khan’s disqualification over the manner in which he acquired the land on which he built his farmhouse. “We are [only]considering the honesty of [Imran Khan] in this case,” said the chief justice.
But all was not good for Khan in the 38th hearing of the case on Tuesday. The bench did observe that Khan has still not produced the complete details of the accounts of his offshore company — Niazi Service Limited (NSL). Likewise, the court asked Imran’s attorney Naeem Bukhari to submit details of the expenditure of around £100,000 which was still in the NSL account after payments were made to Khan’s then-wife, Jemima Khan, as the amount was not disclosed by Khan in his annual returns for 2003-04. According to Imran’s counsel, the remaining amount in NSL had been spent on litigation.
The bench also observed that allegations regarding concealment of assets in his 2002 nomination papers are in the past and closed, as they are only considering his 2013 nomination papers. It also observed that there is a total deficiency of roughly six per cent in the money trail

########
Rank: 28
Score: 35.90909
Retrieved Text: For her dedicated career in public service which included 24 years on the bench.
For their pro bono work through LASOC’s Elder Abuse Clinic.
For being a champion in protecting the rights of women and children.
For his ongoing mentoring and involvement in LASOC’s pro bono programs.
For the past 58 years, our goal has been to fulfill our nation’s fundamental promise of justice for all — not just for the few who can afford it. This year’s Honorees have embodied our mission to provide a voice for those who are often voiceless.
Brilliant. Compassionate. Courageous. These are the words that come to mind when friends and colleagues think of the Honorable Nancy Wieben Stock (Ret.) who served 24 years on the Orange County Superior Court bench. Revered as an outstanding leader in the legal community, Judge Stock is known for her judicial integrity, professionalism, and strength of character.
During her tenure with the court, Judge Stock was admired and respected by the legal community for her fairness and leadership style. Both as the Supervising Judge of Family Law and Presiding Judge, Judge Stock realized the importance of legal aid services, and ensured the rights of those who were most vulnerable were preserved.
For these reasons, we are honored to present Judge Stock with this year’s Lifetime Achievement Award.
In the Summer of 2014, the Legal Aid Society of Orange County (LASOC), the University of California, Irvine (UCI) School of Law, and O’Melveny & Myers came together at the request of Judge Kim Hubbard to form an Elder Abuse Clinic at the Orange County

########
Rank: 29
Score: 35.870705
Retrieved Text: Paul J. Liacos, former chief justice of the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court, whose opinions on abortion, the death penalty and jury selection helped the state retain its reputation as a bastion of liberalism, died on Thursday at Massachusetts General Hospital. He was 69.
Judge Liacos was appointed chief justice by then-Gov. Michael S. Dukakis in 1989 and held the post for seven years. He had been an associate justice of the Supreme Judicial Court for 13 years.
During his tenure, the court ruled that the state Constitution prohibits the death penalty, provided greater protection for a woman's right to an abortion, and gave defendants greater protection against search and seizure.
Judge Liacos wrote more than 800 opinions during his 20 years on the bench. In a Boston Globe story on July 21, 1996, he said he was proudest of the opinion that prohibited the exclusion of a prospective juror based on gender, race or ethnicity.
In the 1979 opinion on the case that led to the ruling, Commonwealth vs. Soares, he wrote that state law forbids the "use of peremptory challenges to exclude prospective jurors solely by virtue of their membership in or affiliation with particular defined groupings in the community."
Sitting in his office on the 13th floor of the Suffolk Courthouse beneath an oil portrait of Lemuel Shaw -- the 19th century chief justice who ruled that any slave who arrived in Massachusetts would be set free -- Judge Liacos described the death penalty as "torture in the guise of civilized business."
"What dignity can remain for the government that

================



